{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-10-13 20:58:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462631","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98344","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2200,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/631/mufon-5462631.json","updb_database_id":5462631}
v shaped boomerang, with 5 lights evenly space. the craft was so close i could of thrown a baseball at it.

saturday evening i was cooking porkchops, my 11thfloor apartment was getting smokey so i went to open the door, as i openned the balcony door i was already starting to walk back to the kitchen until i noticed that something in the air felt very wrong and not right. it was a very dark night and there is a lot of forest in my area. as i went to the balcony and looked into the sky i noticed an object that i thought was a cloud moving towards me. i thought it was a cloud because the object literally blended into the sky. i could hardly see the object at first but then i noticed this object was moving in my direction and its elevation dropped incredibly fast. then it dropped soo low that it felt like it was barely above the height i was at. the craft the had 5 lights come on out of nowhere and it slowed moved overtop of the townhouses across the road from my building. i called out "hey" and waved to get the crafts attention but nothing happend. the craft slowly moved towards the devils punchbowl(southwest towards hamilton mountain) until it was out of my sight of vision.this craft was within 100 feet from me maybe a little more. its elevation seemed like it was barely above me. like i said, i could have thrown a baseball at the craft, thats how close it was. it was soo dark i could not tell if there were windows or not. the 5 lights on the bottom of the craft were all evenly spaced. the craft looked very similar to a pictured of the phoenix lights i googled with 5 lights.
