{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1964-10-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504631","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54256","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3021,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/631/mufon-5504631.json","updb_database_id":5504631}
{kt}Thirteen yrs old. Came right to us (my friend and I). Hovered. Not afraid. left at 90 degree direction. White orb like. Seems time went by.

The reason I am writing now, 50 years later, is I now question if it was a spiritual experience rather than a carbon based (form) experience. All my life until now, when I have told close friends about this, none who believed me, I have called it a UFO. But as I study about spiritual phenomena, I now liken the experience to seeing a bright orb. My friend and I had no fear, were sad to see it leave, and felt love for it. It was a love experience if that makes sense to say.

I was in about 8th grade. A friend came over to go Trick or Treating. We were a little old to be going but wanted to go one last time. So it wasn't a group of us, just two. We were walking down a street, my recollection says a westerly direction, when she said "Look at the moon, it's so bright!" I looked up and said "That's not the moon, that's a street light". That's the last conversation as it was over us, hovering. So I feel it came in fast...from a moon perspective to a street light in front of us, to over us.
I have a picture in my mind of where we were when we noticed the bright light. The next picture in my mind we are in the middle of the street looking up and it leaves in a different directional path, and we run through the side of a house's driveway to the backyard but it is gone! We wanted to chase it. We immediately rang the bell of that house and excitedly told them we saw an object but they yelled at us that it was too late to be trick or treating, to go home, and closed the door in our faces. When we returned to my house, my mother yelled at me that we were home too late, to go to bed and she drove my friend home. I think I was grounded for a bit and we never seemed to have talked about it. I'm sure I tried, but wasn't believed. 

I have no recollection of actually being abducted, only this memory of being yelled at about the time. I don't really know if any time had passed or not. I only know that it was a bright white light, we had no fear, it was over us, close, and perhaps 3-5 feet diameter.

I don't really care if anyone believes me or not. I know what I saw. I just wanted to put out the thought that maybe some of the UFO's people are seeing are of a spiritual nature. Maybe these things can change form from pure energy to form. I don't know.
