{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-12-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506631","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52127","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3312,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/631/mufon-5506631.json","updb_database_id":5506631}
went to narrabeen beach sydney with one other person - saw 2 ufos one left - original one abducted both of us - approx 2 .5 hours - it has taken me many years to be able to say anything - was a terrifying experience - lost time -

It was summer of 1970 night- attended a NON ALCOHOL - disco at Narrabeen NSW.
walked to beach - was laying on sand talking with female companion
we both sat bolt upright - and observed an object in sky to north east- it travelled at an incredible speed - and then stopped - dead fast - and hovered. I then observed another object fly in to an area in sky not far from original object - it also flew at incredible speed - and stopped incredibly quickly and hovered.
After some time - the second object left - again at incredible speed.

I felt as if I was having an ESP conversation - with someone.something - that said I would not be harmed - and assured me - and kind of in some way
convinced me that what was about to happen would be ok.
I then remember being close to the object in the sky maybe 50-80 feet away- kind of travelling toward it - I could hear an engine sound - like a turbine.
After that time my memory is hazy - but when I saw a picture of an alien sometime later- classic shape - big black eyes - it really scared me.
Next I was back on the beach with my companion - I looked at my watch - it was more than 2 hours later - maybe 2.5 hours - yet it felt like no time at all had elapsed

we were terrified - and quickly went to my car - and I drove her home and then went home myself - I do not believe we discussed the matter at all - just too scared - or maybe we were not supposed to.
I did call my friend the next day or maybe the day after- she did not want to discuss what had happened.
I felt I had been told I would be contacted again - it never happened
I moved overseas- to the US a couple of years later - and did not make contact again with my companion for around 8 or 9 years - by telephone.
She really did not want me to have called - and we did not discuss what happened
I recall as much as possible VERY clearly - and have not said ANYTHING other than too my wife and children about this
I feel I need to say something - this happened - the experience was not a nice one - and I feel probing did occur of some type.
It has profoundly affected the way I live my life - as for me it is impossible to have a belief in a monotheistic religious system - as I KNOW it is not correct after this experience. I also have slight realisations of what is about to happen - at times - not always
I would lie my experience to be properly recorded - Please note I have NEVER been hypnotised - and am a successful business person.
I look forward to hearing from you
