{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-31 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516631","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41484","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3072,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/631/mufon-5516631.json","updb_database_id":5516631}
(GS) I saw a huge red round object low to the ground, like treeline.

I was driving in Lexington, KY to a restaurant with my boyfriend, it was about 7 or 7:30 pm on July 31, 2012. When i came to a stop light i looked to my left out the car window, and saw a very very huge red sphere in the sky, it was very bright and perfectly round. Above this object was red smoke or mist or gas, i don't know. But it was very noticable. The red smoke was arch shaped over the top of the object w/ a little space in between it. It was eminating from the object. My boyfriend saw it too and said he had never seen anything like that before. Neither had I. At first we thought it may be a fire, like a far away building on fire. But we then realized it wasnt, because there was no black smoke...and then there was that huge round sphere. Then he thought it could be a meteor, but it was stationary in the sky at an amazing low altitude. I told him i was gonna try to follow it to see what it was.. and then we saw a guy standing on the very top hood of his car looking at this thing...I think he got a pic or he said he was trying to get a pic w/ his cellphone. As we were driving we could still barely see it, it seemed to be going down. But i went as far as i could, about a mile 1/2 where i thought it might be, and it was gone !! Within minutes this thing was nowhere in sight. And then me and my boyfriend saw a red bright, lazer like, trail up in the sky far off to the right.. it left strange bright neon markings, it did not look natural , like a part of the sky at all. It was different from the rest of the sky. We couldnt beleive what we had saw. We tried to make sense of it..but could not. It was NOT a planet...because it was very very close and just enormous. I felt nervous and excited and freaked out some, because we both knew it wasnt the sun either...the sun was behind some clouds and the light was still shining thru some. So, we watched the news, nothing was on about this incident. And i don't think the paper had anything in it either. The guy who was standing on top of his car..just to get a look at this thing, seemed to try and deny it was anything out of the ordinary..he said he thought it was the sun, and a refelection. I say NO..no way possible. Even my boyfriend was saying he thought it was a UFO. I felt that too. I felt we had witnessed something out of the ordinary. I know where he works and he may have those pics. Have u heard anything about this incident ?
