{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-25 15:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529631","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25888","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3173,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/631/mufon-5529631.json","updb_database_id":5529631}
Six connected spheres similar to a molecule travelling west while tumbling over residential neighborhood followed by military helicopter that went down in the area.

My wife and two daughters were at a nearby elementary school in Englewood, CO. on the swings at the playground when I had this impulse to look up. When I looked up and to the SE, I saw what appeared to be an object made up of six connected reflective spheres in a molecular type configuration. The object appeared to be roughly 40 feet in diameter and was tumbling while travelling to the west. It was a nice smooth movement from east to west. 
  I was still on the swings while watching the object move. I yelled to my wife to look in that direction to see it, but she didn't see anything. There was another parent there with their child and neither of them saw it either. I was staring at it for about 30 seconds while I was on the swing with my daughter. There was no sound of any air traffic. I stopped so I could point it out easier for them, but when I stopped and took my eyes off of it for 3-4 seconds, it was gone. Their wasn't anything in the way to obscure it and its direction of travel didn't have a place for it to be hidden. It was just gone. 
  I was frustrated since no one else saw it and I know I did. We then stayed at the park for another 5 or so minutes and decided to head home to the south. While riding our bikes home we heard a low flying helicopter and looked towards the east south east and saw a green military helicopter in the exact same area doing a hard bank with its skids towards us. It went down behind the trees towards the east south east in a quick manner. The bank was so tight that all we saw were the panels on the bottom of the heli. We have never seen one of these helicopters this low and in a bank in the metro area. 
  I haven't thought much of the event since, but last night when I saw the ABC news affiliate in NYC had filmed objects over the city, one of the videos shows the exact same object I saw. I was completely floored when I saw the object in NY. I woke up my wife and showed her the video of the object. Without "leading the witness", I asked her what the object looked like. She said, "It looks just like the object you described a few weeks ago at the playground". I have watched the video many times now and I am convinced it is the same thing I saw. The ABC footage is on YouTube at this url: *(Link moved to Additional Evidence Section below--CMS/sg). The object is seen at the 1:05 mark. The tumble and shape are the same as what I had witnessed.
