{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-02 15:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522293","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33778","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2283,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/293/mufon-5522293.json","updb_database_id":5522293}
Silvery white teardrop shaped balloon seen in Salem

I had been cleaning gutters all day at work and was working on an atrium when suddenly I noticed a silvery white teadrop shaped object in the sky as I was rinsing down a gutter. I stopped and watched it and assumed it to be a very large balloon like the type used by car lots when thay are having a sale. It was about 3:35 pm in the afternoon. I looked away and looked back to make sure and watched some more and finally settled that this must be a balloon as it didn't seem to be moving under its own power but appeared to be slightly moving by wind alone. So in my mind this must be a balloon. I worked some more looked up and it was still visible. I watched yet again and was thinking about which car lot lost thier balloon. I turned to pick up the hose and switch it on looked back up and now there were three jet contrails in the sky with a jet visible where the object had been floating but the object was now gone. The jet and contrails continued south southwest the contrails stopped and then started again which I guess is caused by changing engine speed at high elevation. The jet continued away on its flightpath south. I thought it strange that this thing that I had observed and noted for several minutes and assumed to be a balloon should suddenly have a jet appear where it had been obviously visible and now the object was nowhere to be seen.
I noted the time immediately after these events to be 3:43 pm when I actually thought to look at the time. I never heard noise from the balloon or jet which means it was very high up indeed. I would have been able to cover the object up with a bayer aspirin pinched in between my fingers.
