{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-05-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548293","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"11278","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":13304,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/293/mufon-5548293.json","updb_database_id":5548293}
see below incident

COMUFON INVESTIGATIVE INFORMATION FOR REPORT OF INCIDENT

(For the next couple of weeks witness has limited phone contact availability. If information is needed, or if you need to set up a meeting with witness to collect (copyrighted) photos, sketches, drawings and/or additional information is needed. You will have to contact me, as she will be checking in with me on a regular ongoing basis throughout the next few weeks).
WITNESS ADDRESS:	Erie, Colorado / About 3 hours from incident.

TODAY1S DATE:	June 23, 2008

DATE OF INCIDENT:	May 15, 2008

TIME OF INCIDENT:	8:00 PM until 6:00AM
Arrived at site at 8:00 PM. Remained there 3 hours, left for about 1 hour and returned. This continued throughout her work shift until 6:00 AM. (Had to leave to service a different generator on her duty). Crafts and lights remained throughout the night. Until daybreak.

LOCATION OF INCIDENT:	
Sedgwick and Ovid Colorado. 
On I-76 between Exit 165 (Sedgwick) and Exit 172 (Ovid)
This is West of I-80 and I-76 Junction
From Ovid go west on I-76 just past West Crossover about 21/2 miles. (About 3 miles East of Sedgwick Exit).
Back up into Highway Closer Area on North East side of I-76.
This is in the Highway Construction Area 

DIRECTIONS TO GENERATOR:
Following above directions, about (20) feet off road, on closer part of the road, on the North side of highway I-76
There are cement traffic barricades around this generator.

GENERATOR INFORMATION: 
Generator is not operating during daylight hours.
Generator operations are supervised throughout the night, every 2 hours of so.
Generator operates 1Quite1.
Generator powers overhead Amber Street Lights in the construction zone.
Generator has been at this location, about 3 months, will remain at this site until moved around as needed, or as traffic configuration changes in the construction zone.
Generator is Trailer w/ hitch Style, portable. Stands about 5 foot tall.
Generator has White and Black writing on it.
Generator operates on Diesel Fuel.
Generator output (unknown).

Page 1 of 4
PERSONAL ACCOUNT OF INCIDENT:
Although much time was given attempting to capture accurate description(s) of the crafts, it was very confusing for the witness to give actual detail as to how many crafts and the formations of lights. She has sketches that she says will help an investigator to better understand. It would be advisable for the investigator to recall the 1Personal Account1 and descriptions with the witness when they meet to gain further information or to put into perspective the account described below. It was not clear or indicated in the following story at which points witness left and came back to the site.

Upon arriving at work site witness started her paperwork while sitting in her work truck. When she leaned into her arm on the door, the lights along the tree line, north of the river, north of the highway came into view. The lights appeared to be a huge 1search party1 with flashlights combing the field in a formation pattern. Witness stated the field was light up like a city. The all the lights were very bright and intense, almost hard to look at. The search seemed to cover an area of about 4 miles wide. (Witness basing on the mileage between Sedgwick and Ovid exits being about 7 miles). The lights appeared to be about 5 foot off the ground moving slowly around the field. Witness stated that she thought to herself that she would get a newspaper and see what happened in the area where such a large search would be going on. 

Witness then recalled that at / or in the same tree line she had seen Amber blinking light(s) every night during the 21/2 weeks prior to this incident as she was there as site (generator) operator. This night was her last night on that work site. She had thought the lights all along were city lights, but now they were not in the tree line (north of the river) they were down into and over the field. She thinks now south of the river. Witness did not recall a moon, stated if there was one it wasn1t giving any light as it was pretty dark that night.

A large mass of lights that appeared to be on one craft and seemed to be stationary and hovering. The lights were in an organized pattern or formation. These groups of lights were about 10 to 20 foot high, she could not really see the side of the craft but thought around the actual lights it looked solid or be a rim of some sort. Kind of a holograms or illusion of some type. 

East direction, more toward the Ovid exit. 36 individual bright intense white lights, about the size of softballs were moving about the stationary ones. Witness stated she thought it looked like they may have been attached to something. All lights appeared to be to be staying in a formation or pattern staying about 5 foot of the ground, the area these lights covered was about 4 miles. Witness could see lights in at about knee level and above the tall grass at about 5 foot high. They seemed to be moving toward the 1stationary1 set of lights. The lights reminded her of a long 1Airport Runway1. 

Witness stated the whole mass would move, stop, and just hover. Then move, stop and hover.
No noise, no smell just lights.
When witness realized this just was not 1normal1 the tree line lights moved and were covering a 1huge1 area in the field. Witness grabbed her camera exited her work truck and tried to take a picture. (Camera was at full battery power). Her camera kept powering off. She attempted 3 times to take pictures. She was unable to take any pictures at this point it would just turn off. She stood watching the mass of lights for a few minutes, they continued to move and hover and stop and move again. The whole thing remaining all part of a 1pattern1 or formation. Witness stated that she had an 1overwhelming and extreme, again 1extreme1 sense of calmness came over her1 she was not scared in the least. 

At this point, unable to use camera, she went back to her truck, got in and tried using her binoculars which didn1t impress her.

The witness stated that she had an overwhelming voice in her mind tell her 1you have to record the pattern of lights. You must record them. Write the light patterns down. It will help people to understand and believe this story1. She stated 1it1 was telling her to do this and she knew it was. No doubt! She proceeded to write on paper what the pattern of lights was. She stated that it kept strongly coming into her head that there was a 1meaning1 in these patterns and it was very important she write it down.

Page 2 of 4

The witness stated that 2 Semi Truck drivers had seen what was going on and had stopped right in the traffic flow pattern and remained there about 10 to 15 minutes. They did not exit their vehicles then they left.

All at once the the craft went from being about 4 miles large to about 2 miles long and about 20 feet wide. The individual white lights covered an area about the size of a football field at this point. Still making the same movements but no noise. Witness stated it was if she blinked and it was all a different size. Smaller. Then what witness referred to as 1The Mother-ship1 was about the size of a large two story house. It did not appear to be moving when it changed size. All the lights just covered a much smaller area. Everything just looked long and narrow. Camera still would not operate, she kept trying. Lights remained in same formation, reminding her of an airport runway.

(Confusing) 
Witness seems to be 1oddly1 confused and could not sort out the chain of events and how and when she took pictures and was getting in and out of the truck. The picture taken out of the passenger side window seemed 1out of sequence1 to her. She stated she just could not remember. She further stated that the chain of events as far as her in and out of the truck and how she took pictures didn1t make any sense to her. Why get out get in like she said she did. 

If understanding witness accurately, the mass of lights moved very close to her. Within 20 feet. It again changed size as if she blinked and it was different size. It went from being the size of a two story house to the size of about a coffee can. Still all the independent lights remaining around it. The independent lights covered and area around the 1mother-ship1 about 5 feet long all around it. At this point it was about 1 foot over the top of her generator while the generator was operating. The generator operates quite so she could not detect a power change in the generator. At this point she was able to take a picture through the truck passenger side window; she took the one from inside the truck and jumped out of the truck. Slowly she inched her way closer toward the generator. She thought she ended up about 5 foot from the generator. She was 1allowed1 to take 4 more pictures of the lights over the generator. It was at this point the camera batteries went 1abnormally1 dead. The mass of lights remained over the generator for 10 to 15 minutes.

Witness stated it started to get light outside and the mass of lights jumped to being larger again, then larger like it was originally. It moved back out into the field and spread out again. As the sun came up it just disappeared. The field was just empty again. 

Witness shut down and closed the generator down for the day and left the site. Witness has not returned to this site since incident.

The witness stated that the whole time all the lights always seemed to remain in a pattern or formation.

Lights did get brighter as the came closer to the 1mother-ship1, then diminished some in intensity as they moved farther away from it. But the 1mother-ship1 lights always stayed the same brightness, not really changing.
Witness stated she got the sense like maybe the smaller lights were pulling power from the larger mass or 1mother-ship1. The lights on the 1mother-ship1 where always bright and very intense. They did change color (no color pattern indicated by witness). The colors changed from; Blue, Green, Red, White and Yellow. 

Witness told coworkers that were to take over that work site what she had experienced there. A couple of days later she received a message that a couple of the workmen had walked out into the field where the generator is located and where this occurred and had found 3 dead cattle. They were freaked out and left the field. They called Mary to tell her of their find. There are no known farms in that immediate area with cattle. If unable to locate corpses, or if more information on exact area where cattle are, Mary maybe able to contact these men through proper work channels to locate them. May take sometime. 

Page 3 of 4

When witness went home that day she downloaded the pictures into her TV to show her brother. That is when she saw the 1creature1 standing near the generator looking back at her. The 1creature appears to be more of a side view. In the picture it is located in the lower left hand corner of the frame. Witness stated that there was another object which she was not sure what it was. Maybe a hatch looking object. This was the first picture she was allowed to take. It was while she was in the truck, looking out the truck passenger side window. Witness indicated there is an amber type light in the picture. Not sure if it was from overhead street lights or something else. But that the creature was kind of transparent, you can see grass through his body behind him. Witness stated he was only about 
3 or 31/2 foot tall. The crafts are in the main part of the picture. 

Mary indicated that she definitely now has a different outlook on life. She has always believed in God and Jesus. But the experience has given her a closer feeling spiritually. For sure a reality checks of sorts. 
The incident has given her a more 1carefree1 insight of life. 

Other Information:
Tree line where lights were first noticed prior to the incident. 
If your back is up to the generator the hitch will be east side. You face North and West. Right in front of that tree line north of the river is where the lights were noted ongoing for the 21/2 weeks prior to the incident. 

Mary1s photos are copyrighted. She does not want them posted on ANY Web Site or on the Internet, she is not releasing for Public View or domain. She will not e-mail them to anyone. 
She will set up a meeting with a COMUFON Investigator to review any information and show pictures to, and give sketches and map drawings to the investigator.
She would release pictures to COMUFON State Director to download into her laptop computer for analysis for Research and Investigation Purpose ONLY.

Page 4 of 4
