{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-16 02:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286293","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117093","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2662,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/293/mufon-5286293.json","updb_database_id":5286293}
It started out as a white light it then had 3red lights under it then floated in front of me. I captured pic as it left.

I drive for a ride-share company. I was working Thursday night. I had been driving for a few hrs I decided to take a break. I pulled into this little park known as Richland Creek Greenway Trailhead. I stepped out of my car, lit a cigarette and walked around a little bit. I noticed a very bright light in the sky above the tree line. I was looking in an easterly direction. It appeared to be quite a distance away. At that moment I heard a sound that reminded me of a rocket burn coming from the north east. The sound was not loud. The white light kept moving closer and appeared to be traveling down White Bridge RD. heading west. I then see 3 red lights under the white light. The white light now had another white light beside it. It looked like head lights. As it is getting closer I am starting to see structure. It looked triangular. I notice a kind of warbling on what might be called the port side then the craft appeared to be more rectangular now. I am now seeing 2 rows of lights. The lights run horizontal and what appears to be a top deck and a lower deck. These lights were square and looked like LED lights. They were not flooding the area with light. They reminded me sidewalk LED lightsThe craft was black. I do not know the elevation of this thing, I can say above tree line. It looked like it would have way bigger the a semi-tractor with a trailer. I don’t know what happened to the “ rocket burn” sound . I will state this. The craft was not making a sound that I could hear. This crafts rate of travel was very slow like a hot air ballon. The craft is now past me , as I’m facing toward the south it is still heading in a westerly direction , I see a small red light on the under carriage of this thing. That when I remember I have my phone in my pocket. I take the picture. I did zoom in on it.
