{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-19 20:49:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481293","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78730","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4099,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/293/mufon-5481293.json","updb_database_id":5481293}
{rjl} Photographed a

I was exiting a restaurant with a friend on Gay Street on 8/19/16 at 8:49 pm in Knoxville TN. As soon as we stepped out onto the street, I looked North (with my i-Phone 6 in hand) and I was overwhelmed by the sight of a very strange cloud formation. It had three plumes jetting out of it and there was a ceiling of another cloud above it. It was so surreal and I said to my friend, 1I1ve never seen anything like that before in my life!1 At the same moment, I had a strange feeling that gave me a sense of it being 1other worldly1 and it gave me an odd but eerie feeling. (It should be noted that I was and still am, completely sober.) Anyhow, I started taking photos of this strange cloud and realized that I had it set on 1square1 photo and then I switched it to 1regular1 photo after a few shots (just to explain the difference in layout). My friend was ready to go and stroll Gay Street, so I turned around on my heels and hopped in the street (as I often do) to take more photos of Gay Street looking South towards the Tennessee Theatre and the river. So I snap, snap, snap, etc. and then hop back on the sidewalk and take a couple more shots after that. During my short photo blitz, I was more focused on looking through my phone-camera than I was on looking at the sky, so I didn1t pick up the details that I had shot until I got home (about an hour and a half later). As I flipped through the evening1s shots, I could clearly see something in the sky of one of the shots and when zooming in, I discovered that I had photographed a Fleet of bright green UFO1s! Of course, I then took a much closer look at the photos before and after this particular shot and discovered that I had tracked this Fleet coming out of the clouds (near a mountain which is lined with radio towers) and seconds later, they were on the opposite side of the sky over the Tennessee River. In the next to the last shot, you can see two domed lights on top of the mountain (across the river). NOTE: There are no lights on top of that mountain and my other photographs show it as completely dark. Then in the last shot, you will notice the same two dome lights lifting off into the sky and there is also an orb-type UFO faintly seen in this shot as well. This last shot was taken out of series at 9:14 pm. (I think I just happened to catch them again while they were 1taking off1). None of my photos before or after this series of Gay Street shots, show anything in the sky, nor specs on the lens, etc. I still have all these photos on my phone and I am happy to show anybody who would like to see the original shots so you can verify the time, date and that I have not retouched these in any way. I have only emailed them to myself and saved them to my desktop so I could put this slide show together. 
I should also mention that I have had Close Encounters (of several kinds) numerous times throughout my life. However, this is the first time that I have ever managed to take photographs of the visitors. Not that it means much to those who don1t know me but I1m a very logical person, a respected professional in my industry (fine art painting) and a 1normal1 49 year old mother. I hope these photos help open some minds on the topic. 

NOTE: Image # 4783 shows a much smaller green orb coming towards me, near the sidewalk. Also, when I zoomed way into each of these UFO's, there appears to be a violet/rose colored aura around each of them. I also noticed that they seem to have 6 "star-like" points.
