{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1966-02-27 12:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455293","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106319","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3851,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/293/mufon-5455293.json","updb_database_id":5455293}
We first noticed the object hovering over lake Sorell and went into the lake .

Around 1974 I was a kid of around 8 years old and I was playing in the yard of my grandparents when my grandpa said come and look at something he had spotted.... So me and my grandparents went to see what my grandpa had spotted.... We all went to the front porch and looked across the lake that was straight in front of the house... The lake is called Lake Sorell at Interlaken in the highlands of Tasmania Australia.... We looked across the lake and there hover over the lake was a shiny object.... My grandpa grabbed his binoculars and we all took turns looking at this object...
The best way to describe it was it looked like a huge steel water tank that just hovered over the lake .... It keeped coming back for that whole summer and because the lake was regularly fished by lots of people from all over the state many had told other people about it and then a reporter from the Mercury newspaper come and interviewed my grandparents and done a double page story on it in there Saturday evening paper.... Some days it would stay hovering over the lake in the same area everytime it returned.... My grandparents are both dead now but there whole lives they beleaved that whatever it was it was not from this earth...I was amazed with the object and everyday I would get my grandpa's binoculars and check to see if it had returned ..... Some days it would not be there but most days it would be... My grandpa would not let me leave the house and yard that summer unless I was with him or grandma.... When I asked him why I had to stay close to home he said that he didn't know what that object was and until he did I was to stay close to house... I was a adventurous kid and would go many miles away from the house playing , fishing , hunting and riding grandpa's horse but that summer sucked because I was confined to just a few acres around the house.... That summer was the only time that the object come to the area and that summer was the only time that I ever seen the object .... Whatever it was it didn't worry about being seen and would hover in the same spot everytime it returned... Some fishermen went to a few hundreds meters of the object and said that it had no windows or doors that they could see..... Grandpa and I went to about 500 meters from it and took a look at it .... We sat on the edge of the lake in amazement at the object just hovering over the lake... We could hear no noise or see any way that it was powered... Grandpa said whatever it was it wasn't hurting anyone so we would not intrude on it .... I was wanting to get closer to the object but grandpa would not let me...The lake was 6 miles wide and the object was about 5 and half miles from my grandparents house and we never seen the object in any other spots on the lake ..... It had it's one spot that it visited and only one time did we actually see it moving and this was at sundown one evening... It moved to the west and then took off at a great speed and there was no noise from it and I have never seen anything move has fasts has this object that evening.... Nothing on this earth could go has fast has what it did..... This object opened my eyes and I never discount anything anymore...
