{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-08 12:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460293","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101001","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3569,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/293/mufon-5460293.json","updb_database_id":5460293}
{jpg} 1 Larger White Orb Accompanied By 2 Smaller White Orbs On An Airliner's Flight Path

Conditions: clear, sunny, 66 degrees, light to medium wind. Location: highest elevation in a neighborhood with unobstructed, panoramic views. I was walking my dog in my neighborhood and specifically, down a street ready for building but with no structures. The 1/4 long stretch is in the middle of an elevated, wide-open area. I noticed a large airliner traveling on a trajectory from NE to SW (for as long as I can remember, I have always observed the skies every time I go outside) and I watched it out of interest as it was flying essentially directly at me. There was additional visible air traffic in the area because it's a normal flight corridor for this region. Watching the jet, I noticed a stationary, white, reflective orb that I ruled out as a star due to the light and time of day. That caused me to watch it with closer scrutiny because I observe these skies in this fashion daily and it was out of place. As I continued to watch it, it sat on the jet's flight path and beneath it as it flashed/pulsated randomly. After several moments, the orb-like object began to make erratic side-to-side movement being intermittently stationary in between movements (think - move erratically, stop, hover, repeat.) These movements allowed the object to cover significant distances almost instantaneously. The object seemed to "float" and move at speeds that defy what could be termed "known technology" and was clearly discernible visibly. The object then disappeared and I lost track of it momentarily. I scanned the skies at the same time I continued tracking the jet and then it blinked on and reappeared further down the jet's flight path, but still behind and slightly below it. It was then joined (they seemed to appear, too, but I couldn't quite tell if the objects emerged from the one I was watching or otherwise) by two similar but seemingly smaller and therefore less-bright objects. The three similar orbs (white, reflective, intermittently shining/not shining/constant white) all demonstrated the same type of movement characteristics observed with the first object. The original and larger orb then departed at an incredibly and barely discernible speed; in a straight line and precisely on the flight path from which the jet traveled, disappearing all together. It departed from a triangular formation it made with the other two objects, both of which split and departed in the same fashion as the original orb. One left at an angle up and to the SW (direction the jet was traveling) while the other left in the same direction but at an downward angle. I continued to monitor the skies for several more minutes before moving on with our walk. I continued to monitor the skies until we returned home and no further sightings occurred. Due to my dislike of modern technology and phones, I never take my phone/camera on walks and therefore have no evidence beyond this report.
