{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-09-15 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529293","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26237","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7576,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/293/mufon-5529293.json","updb_database_id":5529293}
Witnessed a flying saucer land and abduct two young girls.

I have kept this inside of me for 44 years, and I think it's time that I disclose a UFO event, which took place in 1965.
 My Brother (who I will refer to as Colorado) and I witnessed aliens abducting two young girls, who lived in the trailer next door. We never told a soul about this encounter, and now that he has passed. I am the only person left to recount the events of that fateful night, which changed our lives forever.
 We were living near Bossier City Louisiana, as our Father was deep underground in the Air Force missile silos, and he worked for days
at a time, in these bunkers. He had just come home on a three day leave, and we were so happy to be able to spend time with him.
Colorado and I played rough with our dad all day and we were bushed, come bed time. I slept in the upper bunk, and my Brother in the lower.
 Suddenly, around 3:00 or 4:00 am we were both awakened by a low thundering sound, and the most brilliantly colored light display,
just outside our window, at the foot of our bunk bed. I moved to the window and looked down to see Colorado looking out as well. We both watched
a flying saucer land in the field, close to our neighbor's trailer. Our family was very close to these neighbors, and the two young girls living there, were best friends to my Brother and myself. I can't recall their names. But, they were approximately seven and ten years old.
 We debated about waking our parents. But were so frightened, and thought if we wake them, and they start turning on outside lights, or walk outside with any weapons. There would be bloodshed, and sheer panic in the trailer park. So, we sat very quietly and simply observed.
 This flying saucer was about 50 feet in diameter, and had multi colored lights around the perimeter. Everything beneath the craft was distorted
and wavy, as it was gently settling down in the dirt field. There were four metal legs that slid down from the craft, with round pads on each. All of the lights on the craft went out, within about 30 seconds, after it landed. But, a light blue glow started to envelope the craft, and it made the area around it glow as well. Then, a ramp slid down from the craft, and a door opened up, and we could partially see inside the ship. There were dull red and orange lights on the walls, and an electrical crackling sound, emanating from the interior. Then the interior lights went out, and the weird sound stopped. Suddenly, a figure started to walk down the ramp, and was followed by another.
 Now, I think I should mention. Colorado and I were never allowed to watch any science fiction shows or movies, with aliens or spaceships. I had never even seen a drawing or picture of a saucer, before this. We were allowed to watch cartoons like Scooby Doo, and Bugs Bunny. Along with shows like The Wonderful World of Disney and Mutual of Omaha's Wild Kingdom. So, this was truly an adventurous night for us, and definitely something very new.
 The first two beings walking down the ramp, made their way into the light of our neighbors yard. There was a light on the back of their trailer and their porch. When they got closer to the brighter light, on their porch. We could see that they were dressed in the same color of suits. But the weird thing was, that their skin appeared to be the same color as well. They looked human in shape and size. But moved in a way, that made them function more like robots. Every movement was very smooth and effortless...as though they were moving about in water. They now remind me of the "Blue Man Group", from Vegas. Because, they were completely blue all over. Then, another two beings exited the craft, and they were green. Another two, that were red. Until there were six of them in all. They walked in line, up to the door of the trailer. They all passed right through the door, without opening it!...and that scared the heck out of us. More so, than the landing of the craft. We were asking each other... "Did you see that? What are they going to do with our friends?"
 Minutes later, they passed through the door again, and they were leading the two girls, all the way back to their ship. The girls appeared as though they were sleep walking, and even had their eyes closed. But walked just fine, without any help from these strange beings. Now, if you are wondering....yes, the girls passed right through the door, without it being opened too.
 Only about five minutes later, they exited the ship and lead the girls back into the trailer. But, when the beings passed through the door, for the last time...as they were coming out. They all crouched down slightly, turned and looked directly at our window. Each one did this in succession, and they smiled....and waved at us! Now at this point, my Brother and myself were in complete shock, and we could have let a dozen flies in our mouths, as our jaws dropped and we were also completely mesmerized! I looked at Colorado and he looked at me. But, we were unable to say a word.
 They entered the ship, and as the last one went inside, the interior lights came back on. The strange noise started up again, and the door closed. The ramp slid back up inside the craft, and as it slowly lifted off the ground, the four legs retracted up as well. The amazingly colorful lights came back on, around the perimeter of the ship, and it slowly lifted skyward. Until it was about 25 feet in the air. Then, it shot straight up and out of sight in less than a second.
 The last being standing at the door of the ship, waved at Colorado and I, before it closed. I thought I should point that out as well. Because, that is the lasting image burned into my memory, every since that strange night. My Brother and I talked about that night, possibly thousands of times, before he passed away in 2009. But, we never discussed it with any one else....ever!
 We tried so hard to see if their was anything different about our neighbor's daughters, after that night. But, we didn't notice anything unusual.
 The Louisiana UFO event troubles me to this day. More so, than any other event. I have often wondered, if Colorado and I were the actual abductees, and the memory of the girls abduction was planted. But, in any case......... two or possibly even four people were contacted/abducted that night. Of that I am sure! I NEED to find answers to this event some how. Even if it means going to a qualified hypnotist, experienced in the abduction phenomena. I HAVE to know exactly what happened in 1965!
 Possibly on a hundred different occasions, I considered filing an official report of this incident, with some organization like MUFON. I wonder if those two young girls are now going through abduction therapy, as adults. So many unanswered questions, and I think about that night, every single day of my life. I need to get this monkey off of my back, somehow...and this helps to finally tell the world about that strange night.
