{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-04 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501293","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57769","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3273,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/293/mufon-5501293.json","updb_database_id":5501293}
{nd} Back deck

My father and I were on our back deck firing off bottle rockets and firecrackers on the fourth at about 5-6 in the afternoon while also relaxing and enjoying the early dusk breeze. While we were lighting bottle rockets we had some trouble with them because they were about a year to a year and a half old, some of them wouldn't explode or just fizzed out in the pop can we were using to fire them in, so basically it came to a point where we launched this one particular bottle rocket and it went up but didn't explode, well of course me and my father were looking up for the puff of smoke and the pop it would make. While this happened i took my eyes down to set up the next bottle rocket when my father asked me if "that was a star." I raised an eyebrow and asked what he had said because I didn't hear him the first time. He asked again if that could be a planet or a star, so I looked up trying to find what he was talking about and I couldn't see it, he said it was right above the neighbors tree. (in relation to it's view point not height.) So I looked up still trying to find it when it finally hit the sunlight in such a way it glinted and was brightened up enough. At that point i was looking up staring at this thing for a minute before deciding to go grab the binoculars in our garage. I went to get the binoculars and gave them to my father who sighted the object first and let him look at it. His description was that of a satellite or space station but wasn't completely sure, once I had gotten hold of the binoculars I took a look myself positioning in such a way on the deck that I was flat on my back being as still as possible, I came to a focus on it and noticed that it was (at first) a ball shape but i came to realize and focus more that it was a triangular shaped object with red blue and green lights, in which the red light was flickering either randomly or in a pattern (i didn't pay attention to that particular light much.), I had watched it sitting there stationary with its lights and rotating in an anti-clockwise motion for about 2 or so minutes with intrigue before I decided to get my telescope from my basement. I got up from the deck and went downstairs into my basement to look for my telescope (meanwhile my father was shooting off more fireworks.) Lo and behold my telescope was packed away and I didn't have the time to get it out, so I came back outside to observe it again with my binoculars but by the time I had gotten there, the object was gone. That's the last I've seen or heard of it since, other than some family friends saw another triangular craft earlier on(within a 10 day time span from the 4th)during the night.
