{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-04-28 23:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511293","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47076","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3629,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/293/mufon-5511293.json","updb_database_id":5511293}
{dr}Two meteor like objects doing circles in the sky

At about 11:20pm, 4-28-13, 3 (total) witness were looking at Saturn through a telescope. One witness stayed with telescope while 2 other witness looked (with naked eyes) at the sky around Saturn (facing south/southeast). In an instant two meteor like objects came down from space in parallel at very fast speed. They came in at a 35 to 40 degree angle. They left a very small trial as they came down. My initial thought in a split second was "wow, thats weird seeing two meteors in parallel." As soon as I thought that, the two white lights stopped their rapid descent in the sky and hovered for a second or two (at what I would guess was about 30,000 ft). They were about 30 degrees above the horizon. Then the two lights began circling around each other in the sky almost like they were playing with each other or dancing in the sky together. They did huge circles around each other at tremendous speed defying all physics. Both witnesses confirmed what they were seeing to each other and telling third person to come look. The two objects were star like in appearance and less bright than most of the stars in the sky. Both objects circled around each other for about 8 seconds and then leveled out and flew away heading south towards Iowa City. As they flew away at about 30,000 feet, they left a tiny trail behind them, however, they didn't make any kind of trail while they were doing rapid circles in the sky. Objects flew away and disappeared behind house roof line. Third witness only saw the objects fly off for a second or less and didn't see objects doing circles in the night sky. This incident happened at a different location in Cedar Rapids from where I live. 

Both main witnesses thought had the objects went just a bit further down, neighbors roof would have blocked view and we would have missed the show and would have only thought we saw two meteors. Objects seemed to deliberately stop so we could watch them in this narrow field of vision. I mentioned to my neighbor what I saw last night and her brother said he witnessed around 10:45pm on same night a bright white light, like a meteor, come down from space in same area we were looking and then it stopped in midair and then poof, vanished. This person was located about 5 miles away from where I was located when these events took place. 

I had goosebumps when I was watching the two objects because I knew I was witnessing first hand something that was not man made. The other witness wasnt as shocked as me, but he said he went from being a UFO skeptic to believer after seeing those two objects dance around in the sky. I had my camera phone with me and thought about shooting video, but I had a feeling the objects would disappear while I was fumbling around trying to film it. Turns out I was correct as the entire event only lasted about 10 seconds. We both agreed that had we not been together to confirm what we saw, we may have doubted what we saw altogether.. It was surreal to say the least.
