{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-19 22:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497293","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62072","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4313,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/293/mufon-5497293.json","updb_database_id":5497293}
{cak} Square object,white light on each corner, rear two lights would come on, then front two lights, there was a high frequency beeping noise. Object flew at an exceptionally high rate of speed from just above where I was standing to out of sight.

I always take my dog outside for the last time at 10:30 PM every night. Tonight (12-19-2014) my wife and I were talking about a TV show during the commercial break when she reminded me that I was late in taking our Jack Russell Terrier out. It was 10:35 PM. Anyhow, by the time I put on my slippers and walked our terrier to the garage door, I suppose that took two minutes making it 10:37-38 by the time I reached our outdoor stoop. As I stood outside waiting for our dog to do her business, I heard a faint beeping sound in my head.... not thru my ears... in my head. In a fraction of a second I shook my head then came to the realization that I was now hearing the beeping through my ears. Well, I looked straight up at the sky. It was a clear sky loaded with stars. It is not unusual for me to look up ...as on occasion I sometimes see a white object in the sky that travels from the west to the east on a straight course. By living in South Florida just 90 miles west of Cape Kennedy...I figure it's a orbiting satel satelight or perhaps the space station maybe. It seems to appear around the same time on a course of west to due east...(when I see it). But tonight when I looked up... there was something that looked totally different. As I said earlier, when I heard the beeping sound in my head... then through my ears... for some reason I looked straight up. That's when I saw a large, square black object with one white light in each of the four corners. I tried to rationalize what it could be... you do that you know. The object was at a very high altitude and traveled at an extremely high rate of speed... higher that any jet aircraft that I've ever seen. It flew on a course of NNW to SSW. I tried to analyze the shape and light configuration to compare it in my mind with any aircraft that I'd seen before... but the shape was square, black in color with one single light in each corner for a total of four lights. The two lights in the front corners were syncronized and both would turn off each time it beeped. When this happened the two lights in the rear corners would come on.... this sequential continued each time with a beep, beep, beep, beep. The two front and the two back lights would alternate on-off. It was strange to me because the beeping volume remained at the same level even when the (what ever it was) reached the horizon and was out of sight until I went back inside our house. The craft remained at extremely high altitude, never seemed to change its flight path, course or altitude. The total time of sighting I suppose... was about 30 seconds or less. It seemed much longer at the time ...but when I returned in the house I looked at the cable tv clock and it was 10:44 PM Although it was dark tonight the stars were everywhere in the sky. As the object traveled across the sky it actually blacked out the stars as it traveled across them. So it was REALLY BIG! I am a retired male, served in the military from '69 to '75 and formally held a high level job with the Republican Party. I can't be the only person that saw this ...this evening here in SW Florida. Unfortunately, I do not have any evidence... only my testimony as written. It moved so fast I did not have time to get my camera or my wife to witnesss. I was mesmerized as I was trying to watch and figure out just what the heck it was. One thing for sure it wasn't swamp gas or any kind of aircraft that I've ever seen before. I don't think we are alone... never have.
