{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-15 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455206","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106406","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3246,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/206/mufon-5455206.json","updb_database_id":5455206}
{rjl} Tall, thin with long arms. i saw it as a silhouette through a window with bright lighting behind it.

I cant remember the exact date but it was around 1980 and i was around 14 years old. I am 54 now so the dates are a bit fuzzy but i remember the event vividly. Its not as dramatic as many that i have seen but it did happen. My mother and i were heading home on interstate 40 heading east. We lived on Buttermilk road, in Tennessee, at the time and to get there you get off on Watt road exit turn left go aprox a quarter of a mile and turn right onto Buttermilk road. There is a rock quarry on the right just before you turn onto Buttermilk road. It was dark outside. As we approached the right hand turn onto Buttermilk we pass the rock quarry and i look toward the quarry and noticed a bright light over it. at first glance i thought it was the moon but as i watched it appeared to be moving toward us. Between the rock quarry and Buttermilk road there is a stand of trees. At the time it was just dense enough that you could not see the rock quarry after you turn onto Buttermilk. As we pass this stand of trees the light descends into them. As we turn onto buttermilk there is a short downward slope then a small bridge crossing a creek. After the bridge there is a long, steep hill. As we started up the hill i looked to the right, i saw two large rectangular shaped windows with a small divider between them. a very tall, thin being was standing in the center of the windows with the small divider in front of him. I saw the being as a silhouette with a bright light behind it. The craft was just behind the front row of trees in the tree line matching our speed as we went up the hill. as we got closer to the top of the hill i saw light from another car coming the opposite direction but could not see the car at this point. The tree line ended at the top of the hill and opened up into a grassy field. As soon as we topped the hill the craft came out of the tree line as a big ball of white light and within a matter of seconds accelerated up and away from us to a pinpoint of light in the sky. Then the other car past us and that was it. it was over. i asked my mother if she had seen the craft but she appeared to very scared and would not even respond to my question. she would not talk to me about this event until a few years ago. i would ask over the years and she would never answer but a few years ago i asked her and she finally said yes. she did see it. i have no evidence of it happening but we both saw something that we cant explain and it feels good to get it off of my chest after all these years and tell someone about it.
