{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-01 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527206","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28431","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3887,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/206/mufon-5527206.json","updb_database_id":5527206}
Almost looked like the Wright Flyer

I was returning to work from a delivery, I parked my car, got out, and as always, hoping, I looked up at the sky, clouds, I looked East standing at the corner of Stroop and Far hills, and saw, what at first looked like the Wright Flyer at a distance, it looked as if it was descending, and slowing. The main reason it could not have been the Flyer is because of the Humidity, the sky was a little cloudy and the flyer doesn't fly in certain humidity levels, and the day was very humid. The craft was moving westerly over far hills ave, towards me. I had contacts in that day, so staring was a little hard, specially at the distance, which would be hard to explain. I kept wanting to enter the restaurant and call someone out, but I couldn't move. Not that I was paralized, I could move, but it was as if I couldn't. I didn't want to take my eyes off of it in fear of it disappearing. It moved west, in my direction, and then turned south. It was almost as if it was driving, west on stroop to south on far hills. It is hard to explain what I say, As I said, it almost looked like the flyer, in shape, it looked boxy or some square like shape almost like a car. I can differentiate airplanes from very high up, or far out, depending on how it turns and what is seen when the turn happens. But when this object turned, the shape did not change there was no tilt of one side, lift of the other, it just turned, almost 90 degrees with no problem. The vehicle, or object, kept going south, until it went out of sight. At some point after the turn, another driver arrived from a delivery and I asked him to look and tell me what he thought it was, he looked and, mentioned a weather balloon... I explained the movement it made, plus it wasn't going in the winds direction. I had the other driver to go inside and get someone but by the time they got outside, the object was too far to recognize. The oddest part is that there was no sound coming from the craft. Again, with airplanes, there is always a motor noise, even at far distances, but this thing didn't produce any sounds, that I could tell. I tried to take a picture with my phone, but that camera sucked big time, anything further than 10 feet looked horrible. 
I was ecstatic, all my life I had wanted to see a space craft, I have always wanted and wished for an encounter, and had always been able to debunk my sightings by recognizing them as planes, helicopters or birds. This thing I couldn't make out. I was in awe, hating myself for not having at least some weak binoculars, which I now have and keep in my car. I honestly didn't care who said what, I honestly saw a UFO since I was not able to identify the object. I cannot say it was a spacecraft, alien or otherwise. I am a believer. I know that aliens exist, I feel I know they've been here, are here, and probably will always be here, as they have been. The day after, I searched the papers to see if anyone else had seen it, but either no one saw it, or as I did, they just kept it to themselves. 
Please let me know if anyone else had seen this, reported about this, or other sightings in the Dayton/Cincinnati, OH areas. I hope someone can look into this and help me ease my mind and figure out what the heck that was. 
Thank you for your time.
