{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-13 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499206","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59935","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3279,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/206/mufon-5499206.json","updb_database_id":5499206}
{cak} 3 bright lights convergeing then moveing away at slow to super speeds. Seperate event: 2 explosions of light

Long story short, If you could respond I will type more. These events affected me deeply for months after and I wrote over 10 pages describing the events. At around 1am to 3am on July 13 2013 there were events naturally caused by planets and the moon where Jupiter, alder baron and the moon alleged and they were around there brightest on the 13th and 14th of July, observable from Colorado. NASA confirms this, so at the time I was up observing the serenity of it all. On July 14 at 2:00am and 2:30am there were two flashes that filled the sky and made it almost as bright as daylight for several seconds. My watch started running backwards, my cell phone was working and sending text to the same number I text earlier on its own. Very spooky. I was very close to the event although a hill obstructed my view slightly. I went to top of hill and about 10ft diameter crushed vegetation, I saw no orbs or anything else that night, just the explosions.
On July 13 from 1am to 3am I observed 3 lights converging and then slowly moving away from each other, in an obtuse triangle pattern. I have never seen anything like this. My mood and others around were greatly affected. On July 15 I noticed black metal barrels at several locations around town while driving with friends. As we looked at the shipping address they were all the same, a Kaiser Permanence near 56th and Ward. That's the only thing I could Google in that area. These barrels were located near the first days events, at a shopping center near Alameda and Broadway and a neighborhood near old town Littleton. Maybe it was just a coincidence but I think they could have been soil samples for whatever purpose. Each time there was 4 to 6 barrels. I was followed by a red light as I walked for several miles away from areas that I could see on the night of July 15, 2013. I figure this could have been an unmanned drone or something but I had all these visions for hours as I walked and unlimited energy. All very strange. I can go into the visions later but some showed aliens using sound to propel there crafts, like singing. Some explained why certain races disappeared. Ect. All very foreign stuff to me and one day I could share in detail. Also during this time there were strange folks coming up to me and saying strange things, looking abnormal, one man was like 6ft8, skinny and pale white. He told me many things like where they were from and that I was being watched. No one ever says that stuff! I am not crazy and the story goes on, I just don't have time today. Thank you and please respond if possible
