{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-02-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477206","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82957","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2599,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/206/mufon-5477206.json","updb_database_id":5477206}
{nd} Shapeshifiting balls possible UFO

Ok. So I'm not 100% sure what I saw. I am a pretty scientificly literate person. I am going to explain what I saw in the best detail I can. Mid-February sometime, I'm driving along the 101 highway near the Vermont exit in LA. It's raining sort of heavy and all of the cars are going about 10-25mph. I see an object floating in the distance. It gets my attention because it's not moving at all, it's completely frozen/locked in position. Mind you it was pretty windy and raining (rare in LA). I squint to see what it is but can't make out any details. At first I thought it was a balloon but a balloon would've been moving with the weather. As I drove closer I pass under a bridge it comes in to view about 50 feet over the next bridge. As I drive closer I see this object. The best way to describe it would be 3-5 balls in a vertical row connected to a central line that was not visible (imagine 2 balls on the left of the line,3 on the right). The balls were literally merging and crisscrossing into each other repeatedly. They were all metallic looking and I remember seeing red, a darkish blue and dark silver colors. The rate at which these balls were merging was completely against the environment and unlike anything I've ever seen. The merging was slow and rhythmic. Kind of like a 1,2,3,4 of a waltz but half time. I looked to see a line, maybe something it was connected to and saw nothing. As I got closer those details got clearer to the point where I could actually see the balls enter into each other and coming out on the other side. I passed under the bridge it was floating over and never seen it again.
Being a very sane person and someone who deeply values science and the scientific method I have been troubled by not being able to express exactly what it is I saw. I live in Los Angeles and drive on this highway all the time. I've never seen pictures or heard stories of anything like it. Thanks for having somewhere I can put it down it writing.
