{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-09 02:31:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520206","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36381","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4264,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/206/mufon-5520206.json","updb_database_id":5520206}
no lights,no sound. white color,brighter on leading edge ,distortion directly behind it

i live on the southern outside edge of louisville ky. at 2:25am saturday morning 
(friday night) march 10 2012 .my wife and i were outside smoking a cigarette before bed. my wife went in and about 2 minutes later movement above, to the left, caught my eye. i was facing east, north east. when i looked up i saw a  {   shaped object sort of boomerang shaped, moving north, north west. it was white, brighter along the leading edge fading to light greyish blue at the back. it was solid but sort of transparent with faded or fuzzy edges all the way around. again it was shaped like this key on a key board { . it had no lights, no sound , it was silent. it moved with a slight curving direction. i saw it slightly lower than overhead (about 85 degrees)and watched it for 5-6 seconds until it was out of my sight.i watched that same area for about 2 minutes before going to tell my wife. it was moving fast and steady , very smoothly . there was a slight distortion behind it that looked like heat coming off of a hot street in the summer.it moved like a wave or ripple moves over the water. there were no clouds at all. when i saw it , i thought it was a flock of geese but only for a fraction of a second, until i focused on it and realized it was not geese. i have seen other strange things in the sky but all of them could have been something man made or natural. this was not. i was in awe, i was dumbfounded,frozen,speechless. i could not believe what i was seeing. i felt sick at my stomach, scared and shaky, i guess it was from nerves. when i was looking at it i just couldnt believe that i was actually seeing what i was seeing . i thought,and i still think ,that it had to have been something from god or something from somewhere other then earth. it also seemed spiritual. i don't know why i thought that because im not very religious.i didn't know what to say or who to say it to. but i did send an email about it to the local news 32wlky. i asked for them to let me know if anyone else reported anything. i live between 2 airports. bowman field is a small airport about 5 miles to my north east and standiford field international about 12 driving miles to my south, south west. there were airplanes before and after but not during. i don't remember seeing any planes immediately before and there were definitely no planes for about 20 minutes after. i stayed outside for about 1 hour after i saw it. it was completely clear and about 40 degrees out. ups planes always fly near and over my house on approach to standiford but they are low and lit up. as for size,if you open your point finger and thumb 2-1/2" and put them out in front of you and raise them to the sky , that is about how big it was. 
i am 41 years old , i have a regular job with regular hours. i did not work that day. i am perfectly sane. i rarely drink and i don't use drugs . i am not on any medication (yet). i am normal in every way. i don't know what to think about this or what it means.
i am now torn between wanting to look up and not wanting to. i am just confused and baffled. i havent told anyone except my wife and the email to the news because i know how it sounds. but really i don't care what people think because i know that i saw something.i have thought about this non stop since it happened. i hope someone can help me understand what i saw. 

frank in louisville ky
