{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-02 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525206","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30575","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2665,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/206/mufon-5525206.json","updb_database_id":5525206}
Light like a satellite but larger/lower appeared at 90-100K feet moving from south to north then veered west.

I was standing in my backyard in Katy looking due south. We are north of old town Katy on acreage and still in the country so the sky is dark. I routinely look at the stars and look for satellites. This night was cloudless and very clear. I had been looking south for a few minutes when a light at 45% above me caught my attention. It was momentarily very bright then less so. When it was very bright it almost looked like it was reflecting the sun, but if so it had to be very high at 9:45. 

It was on a north-south trajectory, and I see a lot of satellites on this path. My eyesight has been tested at 20/10 and I can see even the small ones on a night like this. However, this was larger or lower than any satellite. I wondered if it could have been the space station, and at first that's what I thought. When it was overhead, though, it started a tight arc to the west and I watched it move west until about 45% overhead when it just faded out. That was also strange, as it would seem that moving west it would get brighter as it caught more of the setting sun over the horizon. This almost seemed like it was moving away or farther out into space instead. 

I have never reported a UFO before. I've seen some odd things now and then, but nothing that was like this. It was clearly much higher than the commercial aircraft that fly over the house. I would estimate it was at 90-100K, but maybe higher if it was really large. As it flew over it stopped looking like it had a reflection and looked more like it had two lights on it. They were not flashing. This was not a plane. 

Could it have been military? Maybe. There was no noise, though and the way it appeared and then disappeared was really odd. If was as high as I think it was, it was moving very rapidly, like a satellite. I think I observed the entire thing in a little less than a minute. 

Anyway, I just thought I would submit this. Maybe someone else in the Katy-West Houston area saw it as well.
