{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-04 23:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546206","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24232","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2865,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/206/mufon-5546206.json","updb_database_id":5546206}
Bright orange round orb or "Fireball" sighted by four people and I in Jefferson County, Missouri.

The report below was from South Carolina. I witnessed the exact same thing last night in Jefferson County Missouri near the Gravois Bluffs area at approximately 11:13. I came outside to move my car for my friend and he pointed it out to me and I was amazed! Never have I seen anything like this. His little girl saw it as well, and I called frantically for my Girlfriend to come out of the house and see it. Her and her sister came outside to see it move out of sight behind trees and continue it's flight. 

My friend,and his wife saw the same thing previously that night while watching fireworks. She tried to record it on her cam phone and could see it while filming but when she played it it was not visible in the video.

What I saw was exactly the same in size,shape,sound,altitude,flight pattern and speed as the South Carolina report and many other reports nationwide. 

South Carolina Report:
While shooting fireworks with friends, I noticed a bright orange orb travelling across the sky. I pointed it out to the others who also saw it. I thought it was a "luminaria" or ballon-type firework or perhaps a parachute flare. The object seemed to be only 1-2k feet in altitude, and therefore not large. As the object travelled across the sky in a general ESE to WNW direction, I realized there was no wind to carry a balloon or parachute flare--the remnants of our firework mortars fell directly back to earth without drifitng away as would have happened with any breeze. 

The object made no sound and did not flicker or strobe, but instead glowed brightly so that a bit of an aura or "haze" surrounded the object. We watched the object until it travelled too far away to be observed. At no time did we discern any change in direction or speed or altitude. 

The event was not frightening, but was more of a curiousity. I felt that with an optical device or better ambient light it might have been possible to better identify the object. I would not have reported this except that I found so many other reported sightings of similar objects for this weekend...perhaps something in this report can help corroborate of determine a cause for the phenomenon.
