{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489668","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69942","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3546,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/668/mufon-5489668.json","updb_database_id":5489668}
This was not a plane, helicopter, blimp, fireworks, Chinese lantern or passing satellite. So what was it?

It was New Years night, a little after midnight and my wife and I were in our front yard watching the fireworks when my eye fell on a steady light coming towards us. In my opinion the object had a very high speed, because to me it seemed to be at a high altitude.
However, my wife was of the opinion that it was a Chinese lantern due to the New Year celebrations and fireworks, but Chinese lanterns do not emit bright steady light, and/or follow a steady or fixed path at that speed. More so because there was no wind.
Before I got my phone out of my pocket and had it in filming mode the object disappeared, like someone flicked a light switch.

However, a couple minutes later I saw an exact same light following the same path, and this time as I had my phone still in my hand and was able to film it until also this one disappeared the same way and about the same spot.

Initially I thought it was an over passing satellite which I have seen a few times before, but then I realized it was too bright and most likely not high enough to be a satellite.

Both object(s) appeared individually. The second one a few minutes after the first one disappeared. Both were flying from the East to the South-West, and it looked as if the second one was following the exact same path as the first one.
Even though there were firecrackers going off and cars were passing by as we live on a main road, I did not notice any sound from the objects.

It is important to note that we live far from an airport and at no time there are overflying planes here. Not even the the high altitude commercial planes leaving those white trails behind them. You never see those here. Once in a while a low overflying coast guard helicopter, but they are very obvious.
Also visible overflying satellites are very rare here and are not as bright as the object.

When I realized this was something out of the ordinary, I got excited and got goosebumps at the same time. Also a surreal feeling.
However, I could not believe that my wife was convinced it was fireworks or a Chinese lantern. Even if it was some sort of firework, it definitely was not a Chinese lantern.

Maybe it might also be interesting to mention that a few months prior to the above observation, my wife was in the front yard around 9 - 9:30 PM to when she knocked on the window to come and see something. When I reached her I was just in time to see a small round orange object which flew away and disappeared in the distance. 
However, according my wife from her point of view it was as large as a (soccer) foot ball, moving very erratically, then hovered for a few seconds over a house in the distance and when I reached it was flying away at very high speed and disappeared.
