{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490668","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68912","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2295,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/668/mufon-5490668.json","updb_database_id":5490668}
While walking home at night after my car ran out of fuel, my boyfriend and I were talking away and a huge yellow/orange light shone down on us from directly above, maybe 10m high. There was no noise, then after around 7 sec the light turned off.

I was living rurally at the time and one night my car ran out of fuel about 5km from my house. My boyfriend at the time and I decided to walk home as it was around 2 am. My house was on old farm land so not many homes were around. We walked about 4km just talking normally away, when from nowhere a huge yellow orange light shone down on us from above, like someone had turned on a switch. I would estimate the radius of the light to be at least 7-8m diameter, the ground and trees on either side of the road were lit up. There was absolutely no noise, it wasn't a windy night, and the skies were completley clear. The light shone for about 6-7 seconds and just shut off, silently. After a few seconds I forced myself to look up and saw nothing but the night sky, no lights no shapes and no sound of anything. The light seemed to be coming from something not far above us, within 10m. My boyfriend was completely freaked out, told me to be quiet and that he just wanted to get home. It took us another 20min to get home, we took a short cut through our paddocks and once home my boyfriend refused to speak about it at all! He told me to never bring it up again, that he was going to pretend it had never happend. I told my dad the next day and he had trouble believing me, saying it was a helicopter or plane but it couldn't have been. Both those things have noisy engines and whatever this was didn't move at all and made no sound, not a whir or click, absolutely quiet.
