{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-02 13:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470668","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89823","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3182,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/668/mufon-5470668.json","updb_database_id":5470668}
{jpg} Doing yard work on my property, While dragging dead tree limbs into a

This event took place on August 2, 2017 on my property.As noted on my brief description above, this was how my day started. I started to do some mowing with my motorized walk behind mower.My husband uses our farm tractor to do the larger fields and across the river that runs through our property. I noted a "coywolf" across the river where my husband was mowing and went down to catch his attention so he could observe this "coywolf" too. He saw me and I yelled across the river to tell him what I had seen. After that I headed up to the upper pasture to do my mowing.As I reached the top and headed for my mower, something "caught my eye" on the pasture below and to the right...Again this is where all the taller shubbery is ( we call it Japanese bamboo ). My mind is always "in tune" to try and figure out what animal is that? I saw that this figure was greyish white and fairly small.At first I thought I was seeing a Canadian Lynx. This was not an animal...It saw me watching and it seemed to arch its back, turned its head to watch me and the ran in a "hobbly bouncy" gait... I don't know why I did not run to get my camera( that's not like me at all!) I went back to my mowing and sometime later,I heard ( only in my head!!) "She does all the mowing". Later in the night while in our office which is on the lower level of our house I heard in my head again, "This is where she always sits"!! This is true our computers are here and I am very often on the computer. I moved across the office to our 6 ft. slider to look outside and heard something move on the small stones we have as a natural walkway.We also have a security system and both my husband and a I were wondering, after the fact, why didn't we turn the system back and see if any images were captured that night. The next day, I went back down to the pasture where I had seen this being and noticed the shrubbery close to where he had been was bent down ( probably now about 1-2 feet tall. The area itself was probably 10 feet by 12 feet. I should also note, that same day while mowing I looked up at the sky and among the clouds was a huge shape that had the appearance of a cloud but was smoother and looked like a huge craft of some kind.Lastly the night before all of this when riding home late at night I saw 2 very bright lights in the sky ahead of us that were flying together and the suddenly separated with one flying left and the other to the right. I have to say I wasn't afraid of all of this but very interested and curious
