{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-11-28 07:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456825","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104760","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2698,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/825/mufon-5456825.json","updb_database_id":5456825}
I saw a bright thing as I saw the ISS this morning

I usually wake up at 7:15 am and go to work, but this morning I woke up at 6:55 am, just by accident. I felt like I had a good sleep and thought I would get a head start on the day. I am a Vandweller and was sleeping in North Vancouver. When I awoke I noticed that it is still fairly dark out, so I stepped out of my van while I was brushing my teeth to check if I can see any stars. When I stepped out I looked above and sure enough saw a few stars, which was great. I saw a bright moving thing in the sky and realized very fast that I was looking at the ISS! I stood there outside my van brushing my teeth looking up to the ISS and found it very inspiring to see first thing in the morning ! I was thinking about how amazing it is to have a station up there, and how I am off to do hard labour for the day! Ha! I then looked up to most bright stars and was thinking of which stars those would be. I figured they were some pretty big ones if they were that bright in morning dawn. I then went back to the ISS to gaze. I saw the bright thing (that I thought was ISS) appear to make a 90 degree change of direction, and then make another 90 degree direction, and I think it made three 90 degree changes altogether. It freaked me the heck out, and I noticed that that was not the ISS because the ISS was more to the right of this object. It really freaked me out. It only lasted 5-7 seconds and then I lost view of it. But this thing was also going west just as the ISS. It happened so fast, and I was so caught off guard by it. 

This thing was bright, but I also think it could have been a seagull. If the bird was in West and Sun coming into view in East, then it would have lit up the bird more so. Maybe the seagull took a dive and then turned and took another dive? It was bright because I thought the thing it was the ISS. 

I just want to post this, because maybe someone else out there saw something similar. It was probably a seagull being reflected by Sun. It did startle me to see something that bright change direction so fast.
