{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-28 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501825","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57205","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3362,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/825/mufon-5501825.json","updb_database_id":5501825}
{dr}3 red orange orbs hovering low over Southbound I71. After a moment, it was clear they were moving slowly north in a straight line.

On Thanksgiving night in 2013, my husband and I were driving on southbound I71 from Lebanon to Deerfield Township. We had decided to take advantage of some of Thursday night's Black Friday sales at the big shopping centers around Deerfield Township. It was around 8:30 pm that we were making the drive. We noticed the first orb as we came into view of Kings Island, a major amusement park in our area that is situated right next to the interstate. The orb became visible over the tree line south of us as we drove south on the interstate. 

At first we both thought that the red-orange light was perhaps a helicopter with its search light on. As we came closer it was obvious that the light was simply being emitted around the orb, it was not a steady beam pointed toward the ground like a helicopter's search light (which we were both familiar with, having lived in a questionable area of Columbus, Ohio for a couple years.) We were speculating that perhaps then it was a low flying plane, but couldn't justify such a low flight path considering how far we were from the major airports in Convington, KY and Dayton, OH. Then the second orb appeared behind the first, following it precisely in a straight line. Not long after that the third orb appeared behind the second. They were all spaced the same distance apart. From our vantage point on I71S it looked as though they were maybe 150-200 yards above the interstate and about 40-50 yards apart. 

These three orbs were red-orange in color. They were not blinking on and off in anyway. Every so often they would kind of brighten with a yellow tint, but in no way did they disappear and reappear. They remained visible the entire time. Because of the distance and the speed we were moving it was hard to judge the actual size of the orbs, but I would estimate they were at least as large as our car(Ford Focus), but no larger than your standard sized helicopter that say the police or local news agencies would use. They moved in a straight line above the interstate heading north. They did not waver from this line or change direction as far as we could see.

During the sighting we did not have any issues with our vehicle or other mechanical/electronic devices with us. There was no feelings of fright or unease, no nausea or headaches, just amazement at what we were seeing.

All told, by the time we reached the Fields Ertel exit on I71S and lost sight of the orbs, we had viewed them for about eight and a half minutes. I have kept a keen eye out ever since, hoping to catch a glimpse of something, anything similar to those three orbs, but I have not seen anything.
