{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-11-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497825","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61500","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3646,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/825/mufon-5497825.json","updb_database_id":5497825}
{rjl} after seeing the craft and exiting the car I do not remembergetting back in the car

few months ago my fiance and I will watching a movie, I'm not sure what it was but there was a scene in the movie with a UFO. we got into a conversation about it and she asked me if I had ever seen a UFO. I proceeded to tell her the same story that I'm about to tell you that I had never told anybody because to be quite honest... as I was telling her the story,memories were coming to me that I had completely put in the back of my mind. in 1995 I lived in a small town called Dover Missouri, it's a very small town about 60 miles east from Kansas City. I was living with a girlfriend at the time and her brother.My girlfriend worked the night shift so I would stay up late at night and wait for her to get home in the morning. for some reason we decided to go to Concordia Missouri to a truck stop for coffee. the truck stop was about 25 to 30 miles away from where we were. my girlfriend's brother was driving his car and I was riding in the passenger seat. we left the house about 1230 or 1 o'clock in the morning, and proceeded to drive east on Highway 24 leaving Dover towards the exit to go to Concordia. my girlfriend's brother had some god awful rap music playing in the car and I was looking out the window watching for deer. As I am looking out the window he is talking but I'm really not paying attention to what he is saying because I see a bright light about a mile ahead 200 feet off the ground ahead of us.I was able to gauge the distance because I could see beyond the water tower that I was familiar with at an orchard on 24 Highway. I could clearly make out the red light was flashing on top of the water tower, and this light appeared to be just off to the side of it and above it. I watched the light for about a minute or two and I asked him if he saw what I saw. i can only describe it as a ball of light that changed colors. As we got closer I noticed that it was not moving it was stationary side by side with the light on top of the water tower. keep in mind this water tower is in the middle of nowhere there are no buildings around for at least 15 to 20 miles besides the barn that was on the opposite side of the road and is about half the height of the water tower. I remember telling him its not moving its not moving, we stop the car to get out and look at it and it started to move. this is the point of the story where my fiance asked me what happened next... and to be honest until she asked me that question I never thought about it, and I do not remember what happened next. my next memory is turning south onto the side road off of 24. and I'm not sure but I believe that it was much later when we arrived at the truck stop around 3 a.m. but it seemed perfectly normal to us at the time and remained that way until the night I was with my fiance 19 years later. As I have thought about it more the last month or so I remember flashes of images but I do not trust the images are accurate because as I said, im not sure what happened.
