{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-04-01 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473825","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86553","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2611,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/825/mufon-5473825.json","updb_database_id":5473825}
{dr}First sighting early evening, second and third sighting the following night

On a night after work i was standing in the backyard smoking and i saw what appeared to be a slow moving satellite, typical white light moving slowing through the sky at extreme altitude. As it passed over the house it gave off a massive pulse of light with what i can only describe as flares leaving one side of the object, they did not dissipate rapidly and did not dim to no light. They shot off in a straight line and vanished.

The following evening i went back out numerous times to see if i could see anything again and sure enough about an hour in to staring at the sky i saw it again, this time moving at a rapid rate of speed heading west followed by an extreme turn to the north east again at extreme altitude. By this point i ran in the house and grabbed my roommate who to this day thinks im insane but later that night i saw what i am 100% positive was not a satellite and was nothing man made ive ever seen. 

I came back out in to the yard about an hour after seeing the high speed craft make the insane turn the complete opposite direction and watched the sky for about 45 more minutes. I noticed what appeared to be a large aircraft approaching at high altitude and i paid little notice thinking it was no more than a large commercial aircraft until it passed over the house. As it passed over the house i noticed 1, there was zero sound and 2 the object was blocking out the stars as it passed and it was no aircraft. It was a HUGE triangle shaped craft at very very high altitude, judging from the outline and shadow it created as it blocked out stars as well as the altitude it had to be ENORMOUS! I ran back in the house and grabbed my roommate again who once again thought i was crazy but i know what i saw, i know the gut feeling it gave me and i know it was not something anyone had ever seen before. Even now i have no idea what it could have been, but i know one thing. If it was military, we have never seen it.
