{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-04 23:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504935","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53943","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3198,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/935/mufon-5504935.json","updb_database_id":5504935}
{nd} Beautiful Cross with flashing lights that formed a diamond shape.

I had just gone upstairs to get ready for bed and was closing my blinds when I noticed a flying object with beautiful lights that flashed, pulsated and seemed to be sequential but then changed to random in the way they blinked/flashed. The object seemed to be a cross and had a sort of light beam that connected the points of this cross that reminded me of bridge cables. These light beams were white but the lights that flashed like a plane were different colors. At first, I thought it was a plane because I live close to an airport, but what made me realize it wasn't a plane, was how beautiful the lights were and that it hovered and did not move. It slowly moved at a pace that it didn't seem like it was moving. I ran downstairs to go outside as I thought perhaps my window was causing a reflection and that I might not be seeing this correctly. When I went outside it was still there and had barely moved. At times the flashing lights were just white. I kept trying to compare it to the other stars. I ran inside to get my binoculars but when I used my binoculars, it seemed a lot farther away and I could not see the colored lights? Which caused me to think, perhaps I'm just imagining things? It also seemed to wobble a bit and then dip and go back to where it was hovering. I even pulled out my Iphone to see if it was a star/planet. On my Iphone it showed to be in the Canis Major Constellation and seemed to be very close to Sirus, which I thought perhaps it's just Sirus, but stars don't move that fast in the sky. It was very cold so, I decided to go back to my bedroom and watch it from there. It slowly crept west but very slowly. I thought perhaps it's a satellite, but even satellites move faster than that? I watched it for a good hour and 1/2 hoping that it might just shoot away like I've heard. Eventually, clouds started moving towards it and I was able to see it in front of the cloud and then it get behind the cloud so I couldn't see it. It was much smaller as it was farther away. I then tried to find something on the internet about this and I haven't yet. I've since been looking at planes and stars to see how they compare to what I saw and they don't. This was something very different and unique. It had to be some sort of UFO. My feeling was that it was friendly? But, that is just my feeling. There are no stars, planets, or planes that have that pattern or are in that part of the sky at this time. I tend to look up at the night sky on a very consistence basis and have never seen anything like that.
