{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-12 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488935","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70702","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5934,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/935/mufon-5488935.json","updb_database_id":5488935}
{rjl} (djs, CI) black triangle; orange lights at corners, red light in middle, Orange Disc in Michigan

In October of last year (2014) me and my boyfriend were driving home from a friends house. We had just turned onto my road and had only about 5 minutes till we were at my house. It was about 1:30 am. I was driving down my road like I always do when all of a sudden something to the East caught my attention. To the east of the road there is a field that goes for about a mile then ends and turns into a long tree line. Above the tree line there was two orange lights hovering in the sky. They were bright lights, but also had a dimness to them. Both objects were disc shaped and about the same size. They were hovering about 20-30 feet above the tree line and about 10 feet apart from each other. Also they were exactly diagonal to each other. Once I noticed them I immediatly stopped my car and started asking my boyfriend if he noticed them. He did, so we decided to sit there and see what they did. For a couple minutes they were just hovering in the same spot, never moving. Then the two discs started moving closer to each other. It was all of a sudden like they just fused together. It went from being two disc like orange objects to being one big disc like orange object, almost like they connected together. At this point me and my boyfriend were extremely fascinated. I knew I had to get it on camera or tell someone what I was seeing. I decided to call my friend who's house we had just left. I was parked in the middle of the road, so I figured before I did all this I would pull my car over and turn my headlights off, so I did. After I pulled the car over and turned all the lights off I went to call my friend. This is when things started to get really really weird for us. My call started to go through, I heard one ring, and part of another ring, then my phone started making noises I've never heard before, and never heard since. The only description I have for it was it was making like a fax machine type noise. A lot of ringing and buzzing. Then my phone shut off. Which I still can't figure out because I still had at least 50% of my battery left. I looked up at my boyfriend and started freaking out and telling him my phone died. He looked up at me and at first was just listening to me. I remember he was looking somewhat past me, I knew he was looking at the strange object. All of a sudden, and I remember it happened within a matter of seconds, my boyfriends eyes got huge and his facial expression went from curious to terrified. Without even hesitation he started yelling at me to drive away. I turned to see what was causing such a reaction from him, and I remember just seeing it and having such a nightmarish feeling come over me. When I looked back the object was a lot closer than it had originally been, and it was heading right in our direction. When we were watching it before from my car when it was above the tree line it was about 2 miles from us. When I turned after my boyfriend started freaking out it was less than a mile from us. i remember it was coming so fast at us I almost didn't know what to do. I wanted to stay put and see what it did. But I remember this terrified feeling came over me. Something was telling me it wasn't friendly and that I need to drive away. I felt a scary very non friendly presence from it. I quickly turned my car on and started speeding away. I remember my boyfriend saying "it's coming, its right above us" and yelling at my to go faster. At this point I was going 90 MPH trying to desperately get away from it. But my boyfriend kept saying it was getting closer. I didn't wanna look at it because of how fast I was going but I knew I had to see what he was seeing. I pushed the brakes alittle bit to slow down and quickly turned my head to see what was going on. To this day, I still clear as day remember what I saw when I looked back and will never forget about it. When I turned around it was only about 30 feet from my car. It was about north east from my car. I remember seeing a large triangle. It had 3 whitish orange lights around the bottom and a big red light in the middle of the bottom. One odd thing I noticed was the red light was shaped like an orb. I could see it shaped as a perfect circle, almost like it was floating in the bottom of the triangle. The rest of the triangle was really dark, almost black. But weirdly kind of transparent. I remember it was kind of like wobbling while it was hovering towards us. Seeing that scared the life out of me, so I quickly turned back and speed faster away. But all of a sudden my boyfriend said it vanished. I turned again and he was right, it was just gone!! I stopped my car and looked all over the sky. We even got out of my car and looked all around to see if we seen it. But no there was nothing! We didn't know what to do so we just went home and never really talked about it much to anyone. Whenever I try to tell people they always just say it was a plane or helicopter. But we know what we saw!
