{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-01-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479935","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80141","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6588,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/935/mufon-5479935.json","updb_database_id":5479935}
{dr}scary... it startled me deeply BUT refreshing

I know for a fact Aliens are real! I had an encounter in 2005 of an alien counter and time loss and reported it to a ufo research team called MUFON for the first time in early 2016.. //((you know the truth!!)) .. many years later!

Video timeframe at 4:28 of a youtube video is what made me decide to set aside of all fears I recently discovered:
No more than a few weeks later after reporting to MUFON of my experience in 2005 I woke up where I sleep alone with no witnesses.. There were two alien greys at my bed side table and behind the two greys were definitely Three or more Aliens that looked nothing like the greys we commonly know. The Grey's were the larger Alien's slaves I believe. The larger Aliens were between 6 .5' to 7 foot tall.

The wall no more than 10 feet from my bed wasn't there no more.. All I could see was a bright light where the walls was.... as if the wall became transparent and you could walk through it.. I was having a nightmarish dream where I broke consciousness and felt strange vibrations where I was injured thats preventing me to currently work. And that's when I saw these Aliens...

I tried to get up from my bed to communicate with them with peaceful intentions, yet startled! However it was as if there was a gravitational f{dr}scary... it startled me deeply BUT refreshingorce keeping me strapped to my bed. The reason I was awaken was because my body felt it was vibrating at a rate where it felt I was slipping or being moved off my bed and a strange vibrating force applied to my hip and back where a tumor was removed from my spinal cord in 2009 - (I was laying on my belly at the time which is very strange because since I had the tumor removed from my spinal cord laying on my belly caused severe pain... but the pain during this encounter once I woke was gone temporary)! 

Once I broke consciousness and saw them... I managed to bench press my body about a foot off the bed when I ;noticed a gravitational force keeping me planted. All I could do was turn my neck and asked with keep sincere (Help Me !!!) - ( referring to my injuries that's keeping me from walking without having severe pain). As soon as I turned my neck and responded a light far brighter than any light I have ever seen before flashed and I was blacked out! 

When I woke up about 5 - 8 hours later or more I woke up in a very strange position as if I went head first into a pillow with my knees baring some weight of my body and a horrible pain in my neck from being in such an odd position. My neck hurt for at-least 3 days after this encounter. 

I had been praying to GOD right before this encounter to help me with my severe pain with my spinal cord. To stop the sharp shooting pains that occurred when I was walking and to help me to start to remember my old training in COMPUTER PROGRAMMING that I had 10 years prior to this encounter. About a week later I started to notice this programming in robotics and C++ was start to click and I started to recollect my training memories and was able to write my own scripts once again. Everything in programming before this encounter started to look like Greek writing and just a week later I was able to understand complex loops and write my own scripts in both via Arduino programming and raspberry pi programming. 

And after about 5 months after this encounter the sharp pains that occurred as soon as I stood up or during sitting started to decrease to now only starting after about 10 minutes of walking and is slowly getting better. And I have been dealing with this problem ever since the spinal cord surgery in 2009.

So call it what you will about these alien races but I see Aliens as a grace from GOD HIMSELF just as I see the human race can be. If I knew what their agenda was and I saw it being an ACT of GOOD I would follow them to the deepest parts of this GREAT UNIVERSE GOD HAS PROVIDED FOR US WITH NO QUESTIONS ASKED BUT TWO.. 1) CAN YOU KEEP ME SAFE FROM HARM?!! 

I do not believe for one minute that all Aliens are bad. Some may be deceptive just as the human race are! HOWEVER from my encounter with them I see some may mean well!! I am not afraid if they wish to communicate with me or thru me as I first was afraid... I may be at first but fear is something I can set aside. 

I welcome any and all communications with an Alien Race! And 2) Will you allow me my consciousness to communicate with any Alien Race! I wish to be somewhat in control of my actions and thoughts. I as a human will do everything I can humanly possible to serve you if that is what my GOD wishes of me! I LOVE LIFE and DESTRUCTION isn't really my FORTE! 

If the wish of the Alien race is to silence me and do not want the gospel of their existence here on earth then please tell me. And I will no longer speak about Aliens to the public over social media or to friends and family. I will go through every possible post of Alien existence I have posted in the past and erase it from history. Just give me the knowledge of hacking which is a skill I barely am experienced with or have the desire to really learn.

A MESSAGE TO WHATEVER VISITED ME:
I am writing this from my heart if you want to use a gentle soul to acknowledge of your existence to the media or defy it. I am reporting Anonymous for you know who I am. And to the Alien Race; if you want to use me; you have met me before and you know where I live. If I am startled at first don't be alarmed and freak out. Please DO NOT make me black out. 

PLEASE:
I will control my fears and you can trust me. I WILL NOT SCREAM FOR HELP!!
Use me as you wish
Tell me what you desire, I know your watching
I AM REPORTING THIS OCCURRENCE ANONYMOUSLY... 
I DO NOT WANT MY REAL NAME OR IDENTITY SPILLED ALL OVER SOCIAL MEDIA BECAUSE MANY DO NOT KNOW THE TRUTH ((YET)) OR FEAR THE TRUTH!!
i will not post this again on MUFON incase you do want to silence me...

THANK YOU !!

SINCERELY:

ANONYMOUS
