{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-09 21:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518935","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38046","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3616,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/935/mufon-5518935.json","updb_database_id":5518935}
Blinking star-like lights and orange balls in sky

Two events occurring on night of May 9, 2012:

1) At 9:55 pm EDT; driving North on M-65 between Twinning and Whitamore, noticed pressure changed in cab of truck, felt the engine noise was louder than normal and was looking at computer display when noticed lights in the sky around NNW (11:00 to due north on road). Three equally spaced white lights that seemed like big stars, oriented in a horizontal line just above treeline. Then a orange ball, 2-3 times the size of the white lights, appeared equally spaced to the left of the three white lights. The orange ball was darker at its center and brighter at the edges and was roughly the size of 1/2 my pinky finger nail held out in front of me. All of these lights glowed continuously without flickering and without moving. Then the white lights started to turn off, in sequence of left, right, then middle, leaving only the orange light on for a small amount of time before it too went out. No fading of lights, all just turned off like switches had been tripped. At this point, the pressure / sound difference in the cab of the truck stopped abruptly. Overall, I estimate the experience to last 5-10 seconds total. 

My travels continued after the first sighting with me going North on M-65, through Whitemore, until M-55 without noticing anything else. I turned East on M-55 and continued until Sand Lake Road, noticing that 3-4 cars of people were stopped at different points of M-55 along the sides of the road (going either direction). This leads to the second sighting:

2) At 10:25 pm EDT: turned North onto Sand Lake Road and immediately noticed a single orange ball above the tree line at NNE (about 1:00 oclock from due North on the road). This was identical in type to the orange ball from earlier, but about 1/2 the size. Roughly 2 seconds into seeing the ball it simply turned off, at which time I looked straight down Sand Lake Road and saw two orange balls of the same style appearing to be over Sand Lake itself. I believe there was actually 4-5 lights, as a leap-frog sequence of turning on and off started going horizontally across the sky (with numbers indicating position of lights going left to right). When I first saw them, lights 1 and 2 were on for about 2 seconds, after which light 1 went off and 3 went on; then two went off and 4 went on; then 3 went off and 5 went on; then both lights 4 and 5 remaining lit simply turned off in unison. This whole sequence of on and off lasted roughly 5-7 seconds, with each newly lit light remaining on for only about 1 second. 

After the second sighting I was able to make it to my cottage (around another 5 minutes of drive time) for the evening and am now creeped out and not wanting to go outside again. I told my daughter of both incidents just after each of them happened and she encouraged me to report this as she reported extremely similar lights and behavior in 2008 outside of West Lafayette IN where she went to grad school.
