{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-19 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529935","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25568","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3333,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/935/mufon-5529935.json","updb_database_id":5529935}
six amber colored fireball type lights flying in a semi-circular pattern

I'm writing you on behalf of a friend who witnessed this event, and is a person of unquestionable character, and sanity. At approximately 11:30 pm edt on 9/19/2010, while standing on his south west facing porch,( if you look at a map of Richmond, Va. his house is on the north side of the 2300 block of Grove Ave., in the middle of the block. while standing on the aforementioned porch, he witnessed the 6 amber lights moving slowly, in a westerly and upward, semi-circular pattern, as the lights moved up, and to the west, he saw a commercial jet that was in a landing pattern heading NE towards Richmond International Airport. He estimated the lights to be at an altitude comparable to that of a helicopter, yet moving in total silence. When the jet flew over, he heard it's approach, and also heard it moving away, but that was the only sound he heard. The event ended as the lights, still in an upward, westerly, symmetrical semi-circular pattern, moved higher, and further toward the west, and then disappeared one at a time. Of course he would be able to explain what he saw better than I. My friend is a very private person, and I told him I would get the ball rolling, so to speak, as to making an initial report, and find out if anyone else had reported the incident. Being a person who is open to the possibility of technology, whether black ops, or extraterrestrial, his story left me very intrigued. A. flares don't move in upward formation. B. No known aircraft,(other than gliders) move silently. C. My friend is very intelligent, very mechanically minded, and beyond reproach. If you choose to investigate any other possible sightings of this event, and do find that it was not just his sighting that was reported, please contact me, and I believe I'll be able to get him to speak with you directly, as I know second hand information is fairly useless. I would also like to add, that he said that the incoming passenger jet, seemed to be at an altitude which would have made it likely that the flight crew would have witnessed the event. I hope that this is of at least some help, and as I stated, if you choose to investigate this alleged sighting, I firmly believe that I can get my friend to come forward. Because this information is second hand, I see no purpose in signing a third party release. If the MUFON network decides to follow up with the actual witness, I give my permission for anything I have submitted to be used by representatives of MUFON, in order to arrange contact with the aforementioned witness. If I didn't think it was an actual sighting of something anomalous, I would not be wasting my time!

Sincerely,
[Name removed/cms/tg]
