{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1972-04-15 03:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490935","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68640","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3517,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/935/mufon-5490935.json","updb_database_id":5490935}
{jpg} 2AM-at work- forrested area with clearing-with witness-saw ufo treetop level appear right horizon to left horizon-saucer shaped-glowing orange with red dome

I'm a 63 year old white guy, high school, some college. In 1972-73 I worked at an open pit chalk mine near Huber, Ga. I was an oiler(helper) on a dragline. Part of my job was to operate the machine. Had a 2 man crew, 3 shifts, 24 hrs a day, 7 days a week. We were in a clearing surrounded by miles of forests. On the 11pm-7am shift, each person would would run the machine 4 hours and sleep 4 hours. One night about 2/3AM I was operating the machine and saw a large light appear at the edge of my vision to the right, just over the tree tops. It moved slowly into view. When I saw the shape I was shaken. It was a "flying saucer", with an orange body and red dome. I watched it for 2-3 minutes, stopped the machine and RAN to wake up the operator. (He was pretty sharp, [item removed/CMS/jpg] had been around, so he knew about lots of things). We got to the operators booth(about 30 ft off the ground). The UFO was was about in the center of our vision. We watched it slowly move across the treetops untill it was out of sight to the left. We guessed it was about 80 ft. long with a 20 ft. in diameter dome. The operator looked at me and said "Don't you say anything about this to anybody". So 2 people saw this for about 10 minutes and agreed it was a UFO. I never said anything untill years later when UFOs would come up in conversation. 

After watching some of your shows on Discovery, another aspect came to me. I had almost forgotten about it. Missing time.

The mine ran 24-7 365. We had a recording unit that kept a graph on a scroll.
Another worker showed me how to turn the machine off and said if I wanted to take a little nap while the other guy slept, just turn it off. I did this one night and told the operator about it the next night. He came un-glued. He stopped the clock, pulled the scroll out and showed me how the managers could plainly see the "short shift". I promised him I would never do it again. About a month later I took a break from work and went up to the operator booth. The operator was very mad. He said "you stopped the clock again". He pulled the scroll out and there was 45 minutes missing on our last shift. I don't remember stopping that clock. I didn't put this together till I saw your show. 

I came home from the Navy about 1982-83 era, went to the mine to see some old buddies and asked about my operator. They said right after I left the mine He found out he had cancer and was dead in a few months.

After moving around all those years, I now live about 5 miles from where We saw the UFO. Never saw another one or been abducted, that I know of. 

SO: UFO, missing time and your buddy died of cancer a few years after seeing the UFO.

There is so much We don't know about.

[name removed/CMS/jpg]
