{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487935","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71719","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2382,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/935/mufon-5487935.json","updb_database_id":5487935}
{rjl} hovering object took off at great rate of speed

My wife and I were driving home to Florida from New Jersey on I- 95 SB around Kingsland GA near the Florida GA border. It was about 1 AM when I saw a light in the sky a few hundred feet above the trees east of me in the woods a few hundred yards back on the other side of the road. At first I thought it was a tower with a light attached to it because of how high it was. As I got closer I could tell that it wasn't a tower because it was a lot brighter and the light was pulsating getting stronger and weaker but only slightly. I woke my wife up who was sleeping when I first saw it and asked her what she thought it was. We were both unsure and kept watching it as we were driving, because it was still visible to us in front of us. The object than started to change somewhat. I am not sure if it was because it was starting to move or because it changed shape. When we first observed the object it was oval in shape but than it started to move slowly and kind of turned into a tear drop shape horizontally with the whole object glowing. The color of the object the whole time was a pale yellow orange light. It started to clearly move horizontally now in a manner parallel to ground. It was hard to tell how fast because we were moving ourselves as I was still driving. It flew towards the east for a few seconds and than started to ascend higher at a rapid pace. It made a sharp turn to the right of the path it was taking and straight up at a rate that was faster than any object I have ever seen move. As fast as it was moving it was still visible as a light moving towards the stars until it was to far away to be seen. My wife and I felt that we had both seen something out of the ordinary and were more curious than anything else.
