{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-23 02:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519935","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36688","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3226,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/935/mufon-5519935.json","updb_database_id":5519935}
It was a very large, hazy, v-like craft that I saw make 3 seperate passes. It was very low and made no noise.

I live in Clifton Texas and step outside to smoke cigarettes. I went behind the house and at 11:30 pm on Mar. 22nd, I saw a flashing light in the sky. I looked up to realize there were about 5-6 flying in a group and flashing randomly. I am not exactly sure what this was but IF it were a craft in would have been huge and diamond-like in shape. My next cigarette was around 1:45 am on the 23rd and my girlfriend was also smoking. We were standing out back and she said "Oh my God, Look" and pointed directly overhead. I tried to see where she was pointing at and just missed it I guess because all I saw was a streak of light that seemed to shoot a short distance in the sky and burn out. It was apparent that what she saw had startled her and she kept saying I don't know if I can be out here and things of that manner. I told her it would be ok and we layed in the back of the truck looking at the sky. We continued our cigarette and then at 2:03 am, we both witnessed a large craft slowly moving in a straight line above us. It was apparent that the craft was solid because I could see a outline to it but the color was a blackish-grey haze. The craft was a "V" shape and I could see what appeared to be lights or circular markings on the bottom. If these were lights, the craft chose not to use them. It just seemed to fade out of sight after a few seconds. I couldnt believe what I just saw and the feeling it gave me. I understood why she seemed scared after seeing it. We continued to lay there and saw it once more, however it didn't maintain the "V" shape throughout the pass. It flew in the same general location and in the same direction as before, but at a faster rate of speed. It flew over and was clearly visible as a "V" shaped object but then it changed into a star-like shape and fade away. The first pass that I saw was fearful due to the size of the object and the way it just slowly glided by. I put that feeling aside though knowing that If it was something that wanted to hurt me, it already would have. Then I was just curious/excited about the sighting. After seeing the object change shape, I feel confused. I simply cant understand how a object that was visibly solid, can change form and continue on. I had a phone with me and attempted to take pictures of the object, knowing I had no chance because of its color against the night sky. I snapped some pictures anyway and will leave them on my phone. I don't know if enhancing them in anyway will show anything and I wouldnt know where to begin.
