{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1972-05-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287935","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115436","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2628,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/935/mufon-5287935.json","updb_database_id":5287935}
Abducted / taken studied as child

I was taken many times over a several year period. There were others but nobody else fought them. I was 6 to 10 years old. In the beginning, I would wake in the hospital and later in my fathers arms ... the doctors explored night terrors and epilepsy but I went undiagnosed. I couldn’t tell my parents the truth. I had an implant in the base of my skull just in my hair and my mother saw me scratch at it ... the doctor prescribed creams etc but the spot remained until the thing was removed. I always fought them when they took me and it seemed to pique their interest more. I remember a lot of it but to this day, have only told one person the whole story. My childhood dog was with me and effected on the first experience and he died of cancer 3 years later. His death was unusual and his body was sent to Texas A&M to find this cause of his death. He had some sort of system wide Cancer. My mothers prized brought from Germany bloodline could never have cancer, so she blamed my father because he dipped SKOAL and her must have tossed his Dip on the ground and my dog ate it. In my 30s I figured out why my dog died. He was also rendered unconscious on the first encounter. I signed up for the Vegas symposium and I’m coming to check things out. FYI, They don’t take your body when you’re abducted, they take your soul but you think and see your body there. Only reason I know that my body didn’t go, is due to my overbearing mother checking on me all night long and her discovering me unresponsive and thrashing about in bed. I was fighting them. I didn’t cooperate with any of their tests / commands and I was the ONLY one there that fought them. Everyone else was so calm and cooperative and eventually I was alone when taken. I’m 55. My guy friends still call me the queen of ice etc because nothing scares me or makes me emotional. Nothing on this earth could be as frightening or bad as that experience. Nothing. This is the first time I’ve ever talked about it and it’s weird to do so.
