{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-20 21:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524770","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31060","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2729,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/770/mufon-5524770.json","updb_database_id":5524770}
Looked like a red airplane light except way bigger and not blinking

This is my fist real UFO experience so I'm kind of excited/freaked out.

I just got off work at 9pm EST, by the time I got out side and crossed the street to wait at the bus stop 2 mins had passed. I did my normal routine: check to make sure I had bus money, keys and cell phone. Then I put my Ipod on. While waiting for the bus to come I always look up at the sky to see the stars. We had had a thunderstorm earlier that day so there were some clouds blocking the view. 
I happened to turn and face south (I think) so I was looking at Staples and the Brick (which are across the street) and about 45-50 degrees about the horizon there was a fireball coloured sphere in the sky. At first I thought it was the red light from an airplane, but then I realized that it was too big a fuzzy to be that. At this point I took out my ear-phones to listen to see if I could hear an engine. The answer is no, I couldn't hear a plane engine or the sound of helicopter blades.
I watched the object, trying to figure out what it was. When I noticed it, it was to the south of my location. It stayed there for a few seconds/minutes then casually (I use casually because it didn't "zip" across the sky nor did it take for ever for it to move) starting moving to my right (West) which took 30s for it to move 1 - 1.5 inches across the sky. After it had moved it stayed in that location for several seconds before changing direction again and moving to my left (North East) and as it moved about 2 - 2.5 inches to the left it also started to rise (not really rise across the sky but more getting smaller as it moved. So it looked like it was getting further away) As it was moving it went behind a cloud and I lost it.

I am not the only one to have seen it tonight. My friend on Facebook also mentioned seeing it in Point Edward (which is a little village town attached to Sarnia) And also on Twitter under the hashtag Sarnia ( #Sarnia ) someone stated that a friend saw cars on Lakeshore rd pulled over to watch the UFO's.

I hope more people saw it and are able to add to my story.
