{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-22 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287770","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115603","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2277,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/770/mufon-5287770.json","updb_database_id":5287770}
Ufo sighting in north California in the mountains at school

When I was 17 years old I was on the football team for a small town in northern California and we traveled around to the other small schools in the mountain area. There was one occasion in which, around 9- 10 p.m, I saw this huge structure that I hadn't noticed before but because of the light it emitted it was easy to spot. It had to be at least the size of a dinner plate at arms reach of how close it was from where i was standing. It was saucer shaped, metallic in color dark and a ring of windows that rotated around it but the structure itself didn't move, just the windows. Inside you could see like a huge pipe that ran down the middle of the structure with a bright bright orange red color light almost as if a lighthouse type movement spinning, not spinning crazy but every 2-3 seconds it would make a complete revolution. The inside of the structure looked like they had the light on, it was a warm orange color. My first reaction to it was that it was man made, it looked like a skybox where all the owners sit at football games. But we were on the field and it didn't look to be anyone inside of it, so i'm on the sidelines looking at it for like a couple seconds thinking wow thats cool, I walk over to my buddy to ask him what it was, 5-10 feet away and I look back and the structure was gone. It was dark dark all I remember is looking back to a mountain and thinking if i had completely lost my mind. There is no doubt in my mind that I wasn't the only one who saw that thing, it was massive and close to the school! I wouldn't be able to tell you what exact school it was because it was almost 10 years ago.
