{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488770","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70869","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3840,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/770/mufon-5488770.json","updb_database_id":5488770}
Daytime sighting of fast moving shiny oval craft

The events took place in summer of 1978, a Saturday or Sunday afternoon in June or July. I never recorded the date but it was a warm summer day with blue sky and a few low white cumulus clouds, so the exact date could probably be found from weather records. There was no wind.

I visited Speke Hall near Liverpool with the intention of doing a hand drawing of the hall, so I was lying on the grass west of the hall, looking towards it.

The hall is adjacent to Liverpool John Lennon Airport (then just known as Speke Airport as he was still living). There were aircraft coming and going throughout my visit. The runway is south of the hall, between the grounds and the River Mersey. The object I saw was obviously smaller and closer than any of the aircraft.

Because I was looking at the hall roof I was looking skywards and so noticed the sun glint off a shiny object then quite near. It was shiny in the sun and grey when shaded by cumulus cloud. It was silent.

The track of the object was from east to west, approximately parallel with the airport runway. The track was straight and I estimate that it must therefore have passed over the Wirral and Mersey estuary before flying over Speke Hall where I saw it, then the path would have taken it on over Hale towards Runcorn.

I estimate that from the time I saw the object almost overhead, to the point where it became too small to see was no more than 10-12 seconds. If I had taken my eyes off it in order to ask someone else if they saw it then I would not have found it again. In any case there was no-one within many feet of me. There were dozens of people around but I saw no sign that anyone else had looked up and seen it - as I say, I only saw it because I was looking up at the roof while doing my drawing.

I would describe the object as about the size of a rounded-off oil drum or dustbin, shiny and featureless, flying with long axis vertical. Shaped approximately like a capsule that you might get from the pharmacy. There was no obvious indication of how it was propelled at such speed.

It was NOT a balloon. There was negligible wind and the track of the object was straight direct and controlled.

At the time I thought little of it, but thought it must be some secret technology of USA or Russia (or perhaps British - it was after all flying over Liverpool) There were no drones in 1978! Since then I have come to realise that even today I know of no technology that could propel a craft in such a way.

Some time in the 1980s I sent a report of it to an author named Jenny Randles who wrote books on UFOs and gave an address in Wallasey, Merseyside - but she never replied. I did this because in one of her books she described an egg shaped object seen near Liverpool.

More recently, I have seen a TV program called 'Top Ten mysteries and conspiracies' and about 43 minutes into that program is a clip of an object exactly like I saw, but viewed from an aircraft. I have tried but been unable to find the source of this clip.

I make this report belatedly in case it matches with any other reported sightings. Since this was a daytime sighting in a populated area it must surely have been seen by others that day.
