{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-07 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469770","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90745","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2852,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/770/mufon-5469770.json","updb_database_id":5469770}
{cak} Looked up and saw floating black object, moving very slowly. Seemed like it was following me.

I was taking my normal walk at night, I have anxiety and the best way for me to calm down is to blare music in my ear and walk. I was by myself, walking on a dirt road, close to a building since I was still on my schools campus. I live in a very small town, only about 1000 people live here so there is very little light pollution. This makes the stars in the sky very visible, so when I happened to look into the sky I noticed a large chunk of it was solid black. 
  I stopped in my tracks and stared at the slowly moving black mass. My first thought was it was a giant bird of some sort, circling prey in the sky. But as I continued to stare I noticed the shape itself was not bird like but like a disc. The light from the building I was nearby reflected off the object just enough I could make out some features. The object itself was spinning very slowly while floating through the sky. I started to feel fear as my mind put the picture together. 
  I kind of always believed that there was other life in this world but I1m one of those people that I don1t truly let myself believe something unless I see it. I had no immediate explanation for what this object could be. And because of the way it was moving and the proximity of it, it felt almost predatory. My immediate thought was to get out of there and head indoors. My heart was racing and I kept looking up into the sky to see if it was following me. I never saw it again, I called my mother and told her exactly what I saw while I was walking. Being on the phone with someone made me feel better about the situation. I haven1t walked at night alone again since that night. 
 The sketch I submitted is obviously a very rough one. But you can get the idea of what I saw. The little bit of Outline and detail I could see was from The reflected light from the building I was near. 
  After reviewing the night in my head for awhile I don1t think the object was following me. I think it was heading somewhere and trying to keep a low profile. I just happened to be there to see it.
