{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-06-10 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500770","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58317","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3897,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/770/mufon-5500770.json","updb_database_id":5500770}
{rjl} While having dinner with friends and family we all saw this ufo at an incredible low view.

Well it all happened on June 10th or so 1990. We were celebrating my older brothers 8th grade graduation and my older sisters High school graduation as well. My mom had invited a few friends and family over for a dinner she prepared for them. My friend and I were sitting outside on the front porch eating and he then asked if we had some lemon and I went inside to get a few pieces, as I was heading back out my friend came back in running and shouting that we need to go outside to see this thing that was up above our neighbors house. Most of us ran out and shortly after everyone that was there eating inside were out in the front porch and yard in disbelief at what we were seing.  It was a pretty big circle like object that was hovering and turning in a circular motion clockwise at a very slow speed. It looked like how they show in the tv and movies. I know it sounds so typical but I swear on everything that we all saw it very clear cause it was so low and the size of it let us get a super clean look at it. My mom and our neighbors parents saw it as well along with a bunch of my friends too. While it was turning it made this low humming whistling sound. I can recreate the sound with my mouth and it sounds almost exactly the same way. After a few minutes it started moving east of us at a very slow speed the whole time turning and making that sound. My friends and I began following it and picking up rocks from a nearby field and tried hitting it. It went over the field and made its way across a lil canal so we couldn't continue to follow it. Then what we all saw is something I'll never forget . It paused for a few seconds as if taking a few more looks and then kinda like beamed away in a flash. It wasn't like it took off fast and or dissappear but it went so fast that you could barely see how it left. Till this day I wonder if anyone else has seen and described one like the one we saw that night. Also I wonder and think if they knew that at that time we didn't have any camera phones or camcorder to record them and that's why they got so close in plain sight. At first we thought it was some sort of government aircraft expirement or something. But after we saw how it took off we were all in a major state of aw and confusion. We all still bring it up here and there but it's not till now that I've been really looking more at your show that I wanted to really share my story with others that are out there. Regardless if you guys choose to share it or not I feel better letting professionals like yourselves know about it rather than just a cool story at gatherings or when ufo talks come up. I honestly believe in ufos after that incident but I can definitely see how some people think that's totally crazy. It's crazy cause some people , even pprofessionals spend there whole life trying to spot a glimpse of a ufo and here we are from a very tiny small town called Firebaugh in central California and came across a Very, Very , clear view of one !! At that time we had a population. Of around 6,000 people. Lately I've been thinking of it alot and I'm getting more and more interested in knowing what it really was. I hope we soon Find out more about these things very soon.
