{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518770","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38231","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2287,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/770/mufon-5518770.json","updb_database_id":5518770}
Two large bright lights, one red, one white, hover across sky and disappear

Sorry, I accidentally submitted the wrong date for it the first time!! Im just going to copy and paste what I said before.

My mom and I had gotten off the bus from church and started walking down the hill to our house. I looked up into the sky, and noticed a large, red, glowing circle slowly moving to the left. I told my mom and we stood there to watch it for about 30 seconds. Then I said, "Oh my gosh I need to take a picture!". When I reached down to grab my phone, there was a huge flash that made me jump, and the large red glow of the star disappeared. But, then star continued to move slowly to the left until I lost track of it. Then we continued walking down the hill, and still freaked out, I kept looking at the sky. I then noticed a large white ball, the same size as the red, in the sky moving to the left. I was only able to look at it for about 5 seconds because the bright light suddenly died out and turned into a normal looking star and continued moving left, 2 seconds later completely dying out. After that we didn't see anything else. When I first noticed the object, I thought it was a comet or something. It made me feel excited, happy, or in aw because Ive always wanted to see something like that, and it was so large. I lost sight of the object because I was looking around for other moving stars in the sky. (Im including an image I drew out in paint of the size of the object compared to the surrounding stars, and an arrow to show the direction it moved from where we were standing).
