{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495770","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63663","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4462,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/770/mufon-5495770.json","updb_database_id":5495770}
{dr}Never saw craft

Below is a section of what I wrote in my blog. I will likely turn in a few other things I wrote about. Though these almost seemed like dreams I'm pretty I am believe these strange things happened. I have woke up with strange bruises and scratches but in this event I didn't wake up with anything.

****

...I wake up and I1m once again on my back in a very spacious room. I1m suddenly scared because I remember my last dream in this dream and I1m not wanting to feel pain again. Thats when I realize I1m not laying next to my husband. Once again to my right is another being (he's laying next to me). It1s a very tall gray alien. Which I can1t figure out. I thought they were suppose to be small and short?

He1s very tall. His arms are kinda stretched out and my head is below it, so he1s not even touching my head with his arm at the moment. Were laying side by side and there are others around us. Though I know they are there I can1t really remember what they looked like. I1m not really moving and I am once again completely naked like a Jay Bird. I don1t think I1ve ever really had naked dreams. Can1t say I like them at all.

I take the Alien is male and at first I think maybe he1s being subjected to what I had to earlier but he1s not. Though he1s not moving he1s deciding something. I can1t understand what it is or I don1t know what it is. In my dream I feel he1s suppose to pick five women for something and right now I1m on his personal trial. Apparently the beings around us are just waiting to find out what he decides before doing what they need to do with me. I1m horror-struck. Though my husband and I are having issues, I still care what my husband thinks1and I1m thinking he would not like this idea at all. I don1t think I would like this idea at all. Heck, I don1t know what their being picked for. Food? I don1t want to be eaten! I kept thinking 1don1t pick me, don1t pick me11suddenly I felt the selection1.he did not pick me. I1m not one of the five he1s choosing.

I don1t know why1whether good or bad I was not picked. Relieve washes over me. Though he, the large alien, he never moves on my side I suddenly think of how alone I feel and how cold I feel and how grateful I am for not being picked for what ever horror he had in store. I had the urge to cuddle so I did just that. I turned on my side and kinda cuddled up to his side. It made me feel better and I had a sense of love for this very tall gray. That1s when all hades broke loose. Everything happened in a flash.

I turned cuddled next to him (though I don't think I actually touch him, just moved close to him) and he1..well I don1t know. He moved. He went from a mummy like stance the entire time to moving so quick it was like being struck by a rattle snake. He moved so very fast. Which was a surprise. I always pictures aliens as slow-moving except with their electronics. This one was faster than any human I ever saw.

Even though this was a dream I still don1t know what he did to me. I know I felt and though I even heard his group that was watching us even gasp in surprise (I thought they never felt suprise)1which surprised me. I felt as if they were reaching out for me because even they could not believe he moved that quickly towards me.

So what did he do? I don1t know but he moved his head and his left shoulders quickly at me and it looked as if he was attacking my neck. I woke up almost to my feet because the movement scared me so bad..and now I1m confused. Was he angry with me? Was he going to eat me? Why were the others in shock? It seemed like they were trying to move to protect me1does that mean he was gonna kill me?  The last two weeks the dream seemed so read I can1t bear the left side of my neck when sleeping without covering it up.

So was I bite? 

(the ironic thing is I feel like I miss this large scary gray)
