{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-10-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485714","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74012","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5922,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/714/mufon-5485714.json","updb_database_id":5485714}
{rjl} My best friend and I had Trick or treated. I looked up, saw giant object above tree hovering, my friend looked up. beam shot out, lifted me off ground

My 1st encounter with a UFO was 1980. Natchez, Mississippi. My best friend and I had been Trick or Treating for about an hour and a half. We went inside my mothers home, got out of our costumes and went back outside in my back yard. We were standing in front of a giant pecan tree when I looked up and saw a giant rectangle object hovering about a hundred feet over the pecan tree. My friend saw me staring at the object and he looked up. We found ourselves unable to speak. I remember trying to look away but I could not. A bluish white beam shot out of this object as it changed colors with blinking lights. My body went limp and I firmly believe I was lifted off of the ground. I lost all track of time and motion. Then, the object seemed to change shape and shot off into the sky like a bolt of lightening. I collapsed on the grass. My best friend and I did not say a word (not sure if we were even able to communicate at that point). We were both in shock. I stood up trying to catch my breath and without saying a word, we both ran inside to my bedroom. We were scared to death. My friend said "What the hell just happened"? I replied "I don't know man but something serious just happened". My mother came into the room, looked at us and said "What in the world is wrong with you two"? We looked at each other, looked back and mom and said "nothing". Then I made up a story about some older teenagers trying to hit us with eggs in a speeding car. Then, I found my mothers pistol and my friend and I went back out in the back yard and waited to see if the object would return. It did not. 

In 2009, I was standing with a group of people in my neighborhood in Booneville, Mississippi when a giant object appeared in the sky. I was the 1st to see this object. It was shaped like a diamond. There were 5 of us all watching the exact same happening. All of a sudden, another object appeared next to the diamond shaped object. A long arm began to expand out of the 2nd object and attached itself to the larger diamond shaped object as if it were fueling up or transferring something. I pointed my camera at the object and got several photos of this object before calling my ex wife and telling her to go outside and look up into the sky (she lived a few miles away) 

I made duplicates of the photos and hid them in different places as some strange things began to happen to me. On April 17, 2013, I was framed in a Presidential Assassination Plot via Ricen Letters. Men in black had already showed up at my home and took my computers "before" I was framed in Ricen Letter attacks. These men took my computers. Right after that, the most powerful attorney's in our state were arrested and put in prison on obstruction of Justice charges. I had been getting emails from one of those high profile attorneys. 

As I stated, many strange things began to happen to me. Once I was cleared in Presidential assassination Plot, flown to New York and back for talk shows...I was forced to meet with a Federal Government appointed Psychologist to sit down and answer questions. I demanded my attorney be present as I had lost all confidence in our Federal Government by this time. She attended meeting with me after words were exchanged between my attorney and the Government therapist. He was agitated that she attended. The very 1st question I was asked is "Mr. Curtis, do you believe in UFO's and life on other planets other than Earth"? 

My attorney looked away, picked up her digital ipad and began typing (maybe recording meeting. I was secretly recording the meeting as I always do on my iPhone. 

After this meeting, my attorney gave me a T shirt she had bought for me while out of town and everything changed between my attorney and myself. To this day, she won't speak to me in private and if/when she has, it's been VERY HOSTILE. She seems to HATE me now with a deep passion. 

My life is completely turned upside down. Nothing is normal now. I keep to myself and have very little communication with the outside world. I have been harassed by Police and security officers for years. I have filed countless police reports on Harasser's and have been to a half dozen kangaroo court trials where the judge treated me like a trouble making rebel nutjob. Nothing to date has been done to protect me. 

I fully understand WHY so many people either LIE about sightings or simply keep their mouths shut. We are living in a world where to speak out on what you know can get you killed and/or change your life for the worse so yes..I FULLY GET IT. 

This is my story and I am sticking to it. Thank you.
