{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-01-07 06:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547714","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"14848","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2918,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/714/mufon-5547714.json","updb_database_id":5547714}
Circular/Disk shaped object directly observed in the upper atmoshere, very large, very fast.

I waited until I could confirm that the international space station was not possibly seen this morning (Jan.7th 2009) at 6:23am. What I saw was very comparable to the 2 times that I intentionally planned and viewed the station over the last two years. The object was within the edge or just above the atmosphere and it glowed appx. 5 times more brightly than the space station making it very, very large in mass. It travelled North to South at tens of thousands of miles per hour as any object would at such altitude. It was easy for me to tell that it was within or just outside the atmosphere by the familiar glowing, hazy yellow/amber glow as apposed to a typical light emission in the troposphere. It moved in a line, steady and in pace with an object that would reside or travel many miles above the Earth's surface. This craft was HUGE! I say craft because of it's intentional pace and direction unlike a meteor. I walked out to my car, eyes to the skies as usual1and there it was. I live on the south side of our town. The predawn starlight was brilliant and aside from a lot of atmosphere turbulence (twinkling stars are a good way to tell), it was clear to slightly hazy. The object was visible for about 30+ seconds. I ran and grabbed my binoculars and got a good glimpse of its circular shape. Spherical or Disk, I couldn1t tell for sure, circular for certain. I tried to work our expensive, zoom able camera and I could not take the shot. The camera turned on but it wouldn1t snap the photo. The object faded from sight drastically. I was about 20 degrees from being directly below it and when it came to a certain spot in the sky, it seemed to continue on horizontally as apposed to continuing on with the Earth's curvature. I need to learn how to set it quickly for night shooting1it was operator error; I don't believe it was due to any other "interference". This is not my first report. I have reported to The National UFO Reporting Agency once before and have reported a sighting to my local news paper which lead to an investigation. I have seen many unexplainable things in this area over the course of 20 years here. I keep my eyes to the skies and will make a larger effort to report them...and record them.
