{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287714","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115659","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3566,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/714/mufon-5287714.json","updb_database_id":5287714}
UFO observation relayed by my grandmother

Around the Fourth of July in 1956, in Belle Fourche, South Dakota, my grandmother and grandfather we’re parking north of town off of Highway 212 near the truck stop at Colony, WY. My grandmother said it was an extremely dark evening but very clear. They were looking at the stars and listening to music and making out like teenagers do. My grandmother said they saw lights coming up behind them and thought a police officer was coming and they were in trouble. When they looked back they realize the lights were coming from above them. There was no sound like an airplane or helicopter, no sound at all. The disc shaped object hovered above the vehicle about 25 feet above them. My grandfather got scared and they decided to takeoff down the highway back towards town. The disc shaped object stayed in perfect alignment with their vehicle for a couple miles down the highway. Then it ascended straight up and out of sight. My grandma said they never talked about it again. My grandmother is deceased now. But I always hold onto that story because things have happened throughout our family since that incident. My mom when she was a little girl used to have dreams of what she thought were called the monkey men. She said she used to line her stuffed animals up around her bed because the monkey men would come through her window at night. My mom re-counted the time she first saw a show about aliens and she started shaking in fear because those were what we’re coming through her window when she was a little girl. I myself have had many very realistic alien encounter dreams my whole life. They seem to have been getting more intense as I get older. My last one really surprised me. In my dream the aliens kept repeating the initials SCICR. And every time they said that they would laugh. They then told me it was so funny it was my new last name. I immediately woke up and wrote down those initials and searched online what they could mean. I immediately came up with some thing about nuclear propulsion, some kind of study and there were things about space travel in the report as well. My sister then looked up the government agency that had conducted the SCICR report and there were articles about aliens on the homepage. One of my latest more realistic dreams! The one previous to that there were many spacecraft in the sky and there was a sort of war going on, an intergalactic war. There were aliens of all types having an airstrike war all around in the sky. There were laser beams of all different colors. When they descended from the sky they looked like constellations! My oldest son also has realistic alien dreams. I think our family had been touched starting with my grandparents. My mom was the oldest child, I am the oldest child, and my son is also the oldest. We seem to be the only ones affected. I just thought I should let somebody know in case there is something meaningful that it may help in the future.
