{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497714","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61627","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4740,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/714/mufon-5497714.json","updb_database_id":5497714}
Persecution by a flying light in the darkness of the night

As I was riding home on my bike from friends, who had invited me to go out with them that evening. It was very dark outside and the dynamo of my bike's lamp had been broken for some time. This caused that I sometimes was not even able to see the road I was riding on and had to ride by my intuition of where it should be, when the road was not lit up by street lights.

After a while and some crossroads I started seeing a white light in the black sky in front of me. It looked as if a child was holding a flashlight to the sky because it moved around from place to place without any pattern. At first it took a little bit of my interest when I thought for a second of the harmless joy of a child playing with a flashlight in the night. Then when I rode further it just didn't fall behind me, which was when I really started to wonder about it. It just kept on being in front of me in the sky and often a bit more to my right side. I just couldn't figure out how a child would be able to follow me while riding on a bike in the middle of the night. So I started to look around if I somehow was followed by someone and to my dissapointment and fear I had not been followed by anyone and of course I had only seen very few cars on my entire way, because it was very late and dark outside.

I was orbitted, observed and followed by this light while my road ran along fields and forests in the darkness of the night and I was scared to death. I rode as fast as I could into the darkness without seeing any light at the end of the road. My heartbeat was as fast as someone playing drums in a kind of ''heavy metal breakdown''. I felt as if the darkness around me pressed on to me where ever I looked and when I looked to long straight at this light in the sky it made me feel so sick from inside that I almost had to vomit. In my fear, I tried to focus only on the road an blend it out of my vision but it didn't work for long, because it soon came into my vision again. I forced my self to not give up and fought for my life by getting to the lights of streets I saw in the distance. I knew I couldn't get away from it but I was ready to give everything I could before I would fall down on my knees in front of it.

When I arrived at the street lights I found a place to sit and got of my bike. I thought rather to embrace my fear in the light instead of the darkness. I constantly looked around into the sky but the light didn't show itself. My fear didn't dissapear because I still had a long way to go and I cept asking myself, what it would want from me and why it was following me. As I sat and talked my thoughts out for it to hear me, I tried to calm down but every single noise of a leaf blown by the wind on the street attracted my attention. When I moved on later, it sometimes appeared again when I looked if it was still there, but the more I came into the city, the less it showed itself to me.
When I came home, I didn't see it anymore and I watched from my window into the sky for a long time.

Now, the next day where I am writing this report at a website I never knew before, my mindset somehow has changed.
I am happy without any plausible reason.
It is as if I finally understood that life itself is the only thing worthy.
I am somehow able to obtain happiness from everything that surrounds me and purely out of my own existance.
I don't quite know how to discribe my mental state more detailed then with inner peace.

I have never realy believed in UFO's before but I also did not deny their possible exsistance. I always thought that everything there is, has to exist in some way, even if supernatural things like gods or ghosts would only have deep psychological reasons in human nature, because it has always existed in every single ancient culture of the human race just like our still not understood mind.

Please take in consideration that I have never used any psychedelic drugs in my life and everything I wrote is exactly as I experienced it.
Please excuse the mistakes in my writing, because I have only learned English in school.

Yours sincerely,

Joshua
