{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-04 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525714","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30011","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4755,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/714/mufon-5525714.json","updb_database_id":5525714}
I saw 2 blurry orange dots that disappeared and reappeared over the course of an hour .

The weather was clear but hazy due to high humidity - temp was approx 70 and the air was calm/still. I arrived home just before 9.30 PM after   spending the afternoon in my canoe on the river. I was disconnecting the trailer off my truck when a firework went off in the sky which I glanced up at. Two dots caught my attention and I thought they were part of the firework "burst" but then I realized they were not fading nor moving. They appeared almost to the due East of my location and were approx 45 degrees inclination to the horizon. I have quite a wide experiance with aviation and amatuer astronomy and expected the dots to eventually turn like a plane would if it was heading straight towards or away from you but they remained in the same position. The dots were about the same brightness as the brighest star but larger than a star and not a clear white "dot" but fuzzy and an orange color - maybe 3 or 4 times the diameter of a star - perhaps the size of a matchstick head held at arms length. The dots were not a clear white light like navigation lights and there was no strobe affect that you would see from nav lights - during the whole sighting several different aircraft traversed the sky and this was unlike any of them. I continued to watch them for perhaps a minute and realized that this was different from anything I have ever seen and went to my truck to get my cell phone to video it. By the time I got back (maybe 20 seconds) they had both disappeared. I figured it was something "strange" and went back to taking the trailer off my truck. I looked up again after a couple of minutes and there was one dot - the same size, intensity and color as before in approximately the same location. This I captured on tape. You will see in the video 2 bright lights at the bottom of the frame - those are deck lights on houses approx 50 yards from where I was standing - the unexplained dots are in the mid frame. While I was taping the lights two of my neighbors walked by going to watch the fireworks and I asked them if they could see the lights (you can hear part of our conversation on the tape). They said they could see the same thing and they had been watching them for about the same time as I had. They also said they had both never seen anything like it. After a few minutes the dot blinked out again. My neighbors walked off to watch the fireworks which started and lasted for about 25 minutes. After the fireworks were over for 5 minutes or so I again saw 2 dots the same size, color etc as before in the same location which I captured on the second video - they moved a small amount towards the North East but I only realized that after reviewing the video and seeing their position in relationship to the 2 lights on my neighbors houses. After a few minutes they blinked out again seperately within approximately 15 seconds of each other. Again after a few minutes one appeared the same size, brightness, location which was also witnessed by my same neighbors returning home who I had talked to earlier and again they agreed it was very unusual and they have "never seen anything like it" after a few minutes it "blinked" out meaning it disappered and reappeared and disappeared again over the course of 5 to 10 seconds. I continued to watch the sky for 15 minutes or so and then went into the house. During the whole episode I felt excited about what I was seeing and at no time did I feel fear or apprehension - the lights seemed very distant although I cannot give an altitude - I would say they were in our atmosphere but that is just a guess. These lights were many times brighter than satellites which I have seen crossing the sky before. I consider myself to be level headed, practical, logical and not prone to the dramatic or speculation. I have no idea what the lights were but I have never seen anything like it before.
