{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-04 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506714","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52042","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2574,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/714/mufon-5506714.json","updb_database_id":5506714}
{cak} 1st sighting 1 group of 3 orbs, one single orb, 2nd sighting 3 orbs

On the evening of 11.4.13 at approximately 19:30 hours, we were in our barn, taking care of our animals; feeding and watering. I was outside the barn filling the water tank. I turned around just to look at the sky like I always do and in the southwestern sky I saw 3 orange orbs clustered together light up then a forth orb that was by itself light up just as the 3 orbs began to fade then disappear, the fourth orb then disappeared. It was a little further south than the cluster. The total length of time they were visable was at a count of 2 at most. It was when I saw the first three orbs that I called for my husband who was inside the barn tending to one of our horses, but by the time he made it outside, they were gone. We waited approximately 3 - 5 minutes just to see if they came back which the 3 orb cluster did. It was only visable for a count of 2 again but it was further north than were I had originally found them. Trees blocked our view from where we were at that time so I don't know if they came back. I checked in the front of our house but didn't see them again. They were orange in color. They gradually lit up reached what I thought to be the brightest then faded away. This was for both sightings. There was no movement noticable while they were lit and the only movement I can say I noticed is when the second set of 3 orbs appeared further north.

My first thought was flares but that would have left more of a noticable trail or noted movement. There was none. I knew it wasnt headlights as it was to far up in the sky for that. The sky was clear so there was no reflection on the clouds. I don't know what it was and really don't have any sort of explanation other than they were orange orbs.

I have never seen anything unusal that I couldnt explain as something normal or ordinary. I am always on the look out for these events but this was the first for both my husband and myself.
