{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1976-09-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5181337","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"i1obfa","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5181337,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Iranian F-4 Phantom Jet Chase, Radar/VisualFran Ridge:
Updated 30 Nov 2016
Sept. 19, 1976; Tehran, Iran
After midnight. This radar/visual incident is
particularly notable for the electromagnetic
interference effects on aircraft near the UFO. Two F-4
jet interceptors independently lost instrumentation and
communications as they approached, only to have these
restored when they left. One F-4 also lost its weapons
systems when it was about to fire on the object. The
incident is well-documented in a U.S. Defense
Intelligence Agency (DIA) report with a distribution
list that included the White House, Secretary of State,
Joint Chiefs of Staff, National Security Agency (NSA),
and Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). Various high
ranking Iranian military officers directly involved with
the events have also gone on public record stating their
belief the object was an extraterrestrial craft. As a
result of conflicting publicity on this case, UFO
researchers sprang into action. According to Barry
Greenwood and Lawrence Fawcett, "one individual, Charles
Huffer, a teacher at the Berlin American High School in
Germany, attempted to locate information from the files
of the Secretary of Defense relating to the Iranian
report. They denied this request in a July 5, 1977,
letter. Huffer appealed the decision and finally
obtained the release of a three-page message about the
report on August 31, 1977, via the Defense Intelligence
Agency (DIA)." The details are fascinating. Case
also involves IAD signal (International Air Distress).

Brad Sparks:
NICAP broke the original story in
its UFO Investigator newsletter in Nov. 1976.
This was based on the leak of the teletype message by
then Major Roland B. Evans who later wrote the DIA
Evaluation of the incident. These were followed up by
Huffer and others (myself included) by FOIA. The

leaked DSP satellite data printout that I discovered has
the exact times of events to the second -- and the entry
here is not at the time of the Iranian jet case--- so it
has nothing to do with it, is not confirmation of the
incident.

Bruce Maccabee:
CONCLUSIONS *
The object which was seen and detected on airplane radar
has not been identified. It must have been a
source of considerable optical power because of the
bright lights. Of more importance, it appeared to
react to the activities of the jets and it appears to
have taken defensive measures against the jet by
seriously affecting the jet electronics
(avionics). Although the American government
claims that there was no investigation following the
initial interviews of the pilots, the Iranians indicated
that there was further investigation.  It
seems reasonable there that there would have been more
investigation by the USAF to try to determine the nature
of the failure of the electronics. What could have
affected the avionics at a distance of many miles from
each jet? Would intense electromagnetic radiation
beamed at a jet cause temporary electronics
failure? How about a beamed 1electromagnetic
pulse1 (EMP)? (EMP is a high strength, very short
pulse of electromagnetic field that can cause temporary
or permanent failure of some types of electronics and
computer systems.)

Detailed reports and
documents
Iranian Air Force Jets Scrambled
(NICAP UFOI, pdf file)
Jet
Interceptors Disarmed by UFO (FUFOR, pdf file)
Iranian

Jet Chase Sept 19, 1976 (Bruce Maccabee) *
Report,
Defense

Intelligence Agency Documents (Clear Intent,
Greenwood/Fawcett)
Joint
Chiefs of Staff Report (NSA site) - pdf file
Text

file for above JC/S Report (CUFON)
Defense
Intelligence

Agency (DIA) - Routing, Transmittal, Summary - pdf
file
"Now
You See It; Now You Don't" Capt. Henry Shields, Hq
USAFE/INOMP (NSA site) - pdf file
DSP Story
reports/NARCAP_Iran_Klass.pd
(Martin Shough/NARCAP)
DSP

Claims & the Iranian Jet Chase 1976
(CohenUFO.org)
Tracking
UFOs

By Satellite (Simon Harvey)

The

F-4 Phantom
