{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490013","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69585","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2979,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/013/mufon-5490013.json","updb_database_id":5490013}
{rjl} Saucer with rotating multiple lights floats over Comac Rd and over schoolyard that friends and I are cutting through and scans us with blue beam right over heads

While hanging out with my girlfriend at my family home, a buddy of mine stops by and we all decide to walk to the deli for a six-pack. It had been a hot sunny Sat. afternoon and the sun was going down. We would always cut across the local school field and did that evening. Night had just fallen and as we were passing the backstop of the ball field I noticed a plane approach from E/NE. This was a common flight path for jets going southwest to JFK, so I glanced, but...it caught my eye because it moved slowly like a jet at a far distance yet was as low as a Cesna type single engine private plane which we were used to because of Deer Park Airport being blocks away. I did a double take because it was so slow and low it would have fallen into Pilgrim State woods, and it made no sound. I said,"Look at that!"
 A round disc craft with multi-colored lights flashing in a circular but erratic manner comes right toward us. It reminded me of the saucers in "The Invaders" TV show of the sixties; lights revolving on the bottom outer edge. This was erratically flashing; hypnotically. We all felt that it was a self-aware machine; we could feel it looking at us. It was so close to us I later told others I could have hit it with a wrist-rocket(illegal slingshot)but not with a rock by hand; approx.200 ft. While passing directly overhead it turned a bright blue light on us. We felt it 'awarely' scan us with an intense static charge;our hair stood on end and the smell of electricity was powerful(reminded me of my H O train set when a boy). It scanned my thoughts and being, not just our bodies! I remember looking at "F"'s hair standing up. The next thing I knew it was moving away or had it never slowed over us I don't know; strangely disorienting for all of us I later learned.
 "What was that?!" I exclaimed. "F" calmly says "The Gardeners" and points toward the neighborhood sky which was filled with about 7-9 more moving in a grid pattern(monitoring/mapping?)over the town. He had just read "The Hermit'by Lobsang Rampa which explained the phenomena for him and defined them thus. He's amazed but calm, I'm excited, and "S" was terrified. She cried and wanted to go home. We never got our beer.
