{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-02-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485013","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74782","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5729,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/013/mufon-5485013.json","updb_database_id":5485013}
{rjl} came out of the water and it looks like a octopus like creature but I realize that the arms hanging from the body was landing gear and strted to spin to dry it self and when spin it looks like a disc.

I was cleaning my car out side when I hear a helicopter with stelth gear I can tell because I was in desert storm and I have seen many of them. This take me back to the war memories and made me look at the water. I can see the halo well so I strted to walk across the street to a house the is eamty. I walk as much that I can and when I look at the Belo I see the it had a ligth beam in the water and as soon as I look I know test that something was moving in the water. The object came out of the water and the halo move to a tack mode fort down like if was ready to open fire. Now I am a church pastor and I am very trouble with what I am seen and thinking lots in how to tell this that comflict with my believe and religion. This thing came out of water and it looks like an octopus like creature with the arms hanging down. The thing or ufo started to spin like if drying of the water lIke when you dry an umbrela when raining. Spin and I was able to see that was not arms but landing gear and every time that spin it ligth up, did it few times until I did not see any more water dripping down from it. The last time that spin the landing gear was Turing with the body and it was looking like disc and brightest every time it spin faster. It stop and started to spin and stopping like it was letting the helicopter known that if it cam closer something bad was going to hapened. Spin 3 or 4 times again and I felt my body being charge like with electricity or something like my hair was sticking up. Then the helicopter turn the ligth on no longer hiding but making shore to let the ufo that they was not afraid of it. I know test that everytime the thing spin the helicopter was being pulled tours the ufo. This thing was going on in front of my eyes I cud not tell any one about it. I know battle and this was seconds of something mayor was about to hapened. I am a a church pastor and I am having trouble how to tell this to my wife and my family. I was thinking that this will be just my secrete until my older Daugther walked in my house soon after that maybe 1 or 2 days screaming that her and her boyfriend have seen a ufo when driving to our house. I have to make a record of this with some one because if something bad and strange hapened in this area or if people get hurt or my family get hurt I need some one to know what I have witnessed in the waters around Hilton Head Island. Please I don't want to be rediculize like many people have. I did not believe any of this as I say I am a church Pastor and I preach and teach against this that I am telling you. I am a Christian believer and I know God protect us from eveil, but was not evil this was a figth about to happen. Since the time of service in Desert storm I was a specialist contractor working for the DOD and I always carry weapon on me especially at night when I am out side in this area because it is very dark and the reason that I am telling you about my weapon is because when all this was going true I had pulled my weapon out of my holster and I found my self fearing for my life and after desert storm conflict and the things I have seen there not to many things that will scare me and that night I was for the first time in my years I was really afraid of what I was witnessing that nigth. Please I really want to keep things quiet as much as posible.I contacted some of my war bodies and they told me to contact police and it was a police man that told me to contact you, because he wants nothing to do with our conversation. But if you need to talk to me about anything fell free to send me an email at pastoroscarh@yahoo.com or my work email ohernandez@rendina.com. I don't know what good this can do by me telling you about it but like I said just in case something happens I wanted to make a record about my experence. You can also write to my a dress 4 Aiken Place Hilton Head Island. This experience ended when the object strted to spinning very fast it got really bright and the helicopter was kind of pull down by the spinning power of this thing puching the helicopter pointing in the direction down to the water and the flying thing takes of in the same path were the helo was hovering but a bit higher than the helicopter. When this thing fly past by the helicopter the helicopter was push out of the way by the energy of the spinning power of this thing. I believe by what I witnessed the helicopter had no chance what so ever to win against this thing bieng so close to it. From a distance the Corbra helicopter may have a chance I seen apache and cobra helicopters in action that is why I was so afraid that a weapon that I consider an guardian angel in Desert Storm was bieng bullied by this thing. We was saved many time by the pilots in Cobras and I know what this machine can do but not against the ufo or what ever it was. Sorry about typos I am writing in my phone because I don't want to write in my computer.
