{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-08-10 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503013","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55959","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2211,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/013/mufon-5503013.json","updb_database_id":5503013}
Very Bright like Jupiter but Much Larger

I love viewing the night sky with my telescope during the last hours before the sunrise since the sky is clear and the weather is cool and chilly. One night I woke up at around 4 or 4:30 am and I was going to the bathroom to wash my face with the cold water. The corridor that leads to the bath room has 3 glass windows so you can see the outside sky litil bit. While am walking in the corridor heading to the bath rooom I saw a very bright light and when I turned my head it was like a star or maybe a planet like Jupiter when observed but much Larger and Brighter and Biger. I thought it cant be that huge cause it even look so near. So I rushed to open the house door to see it more clearly and I went out and I was standing just looking to it trying to understand what is it I didnt even think about getung my telescope cause I didnt want to take of my eyes from it. After like 2 mints or 3 mints watching it Started to get smaler. It was quit confusing since it looked as if it was getting farther away and geting smaller at the same time. and it lasted a couple of seconds maybe 9 to 10 sec after it vnished like there was nothing. 

I was sure after that that it was a UFO it could never be a star or a planet. The sky was very clear no clouds nothing and it was very larg and looked like 30 to 50 m away lage like I could cover it with a coin or a pingpong ball when placed infront of it. At that time I already new about the UFO things but never thought I would witness such an event. It wasnt mouving or anything it was like it got consumed or teleported. Such a great experience.
