{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-23 11:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526013","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29696","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3378,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/013/mufon-5526013.json","updb_database_id":5526013}
UFO's over Woodside, CA

I am a delivery driver in the Bay Area. After completing a deliver in Woodside, CA I was headed towards Redwood City, CA. I was on Woodside Road in the direction of Central Ave. when I saw a cluster of silver or blackish sphere/circular objects. It reminded me of the cluster UFO videos you find online, but these were dark.

I immediately said "Holy ****" out loud in the van. I pulled into the parking lot of Karakade Thai Cuisine in the Woodside Road/Central Ave. area. All though there were plenty of people around, including people talking in the driveway nobody looked up to notice. I had my camera phone out and all. 

These objects were hovering in formation for several minutes. At first, they were headed towards me (South-ish, not exactly sure on the coordination) but when I parked they were headed back north where they were coming from (from SF, Redwood City area) and upward. I thought for a minute that maybe they were a group of balloons, but that quickly changed.

As I watched and tried to record one of the balls came down semi-low. It was the strangest looking thing. It kept reflecting light from the sun but it looked red-ish in color but also looked like a sheet flapping in the air but in a ball. It was a solid object but it looked like it had waves in it. Does that make sense? It was visibly not a balloon.

Once again, all of these objects stayed in standard formations. Triangle, Orion's belt-like, etc. If they were balloons, would there be this many? There were over 10-20 of them at first. The reflections on them were intense at times. 

While filming, many of them disappeared over time. The final three were lined up in an "Orion's belt" shape across the sky. They never strayed away from each other all though they were very distant a part. You could tell they were connected somehow. These objects I could no longer see the object, they were now just white lights. As the white lights hovered and looked star like, they just got higher and higher into the atmosphere until I could not see them. 

When reviewing my videos/photos only ONE of the out of 20 objects showed up on one photo. NONE of them showed up on video. Even while filming I noticed they would not appear on camera.

Here's the interesting thing... while reviewing my videos I noticed white balls fly across the sky at very high speeds. 

The video I uploaded consists of two videos combined. This video is at 0.25x speed. Which means it is much slower than the original footage. I have the original footage available upon MUFON's request. 

The photo uploaded has one UFO in the bottom center. You can zoom in to see it.
