{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290013","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113337","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3478,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/013/mufon-5290013.json","updb_database_id":5290013}
typical around 4 feet tall gray alien

(Note: my windows are diffused. If an object comes the closer something comes to the window, I can see it clearly. But anything farther than 1 feet is just a blob , and much further is total blur. All the windows were closed at that time,). 

I was doing some activity on my phone (may be surfing/chatting/watching videos - definitely not alien related, etc. I have a personal policy of not watching any horror, alien stuff as I need peace of mind to concentrate on work. Its mostly humour / tech related) . 

I sensed something move in the window. It is not unusual for cats to sit on our window sill, though it is very rare. I usually play with the cat from inside my making noises on the window sill. I was surprised as it does not happen during rains. And it had just stopped raining heavily. 

But when I looked up, it was a face that looked like typical gray alien in movies. My first reaction was "short thief wearing a n alien mask to hide identity". I was reluctant to go out and shoo the alien as our house is heavily locked and it would take too much time to do it and by then the thief would be away anyway. It did not occur to me at that night that it could be a real alien. 

The face was there for 2 seconds, then it drew its face back, and kept moving forward in the narrow path towards the front of our house (I could see the face a little blur). 

In the entire incident, there was no sound at all. 

The next day, early in the morning, I went to check for footprints and found that there were none! The soil was soft from rains and there was no rain after the incident. So there had to be footprints it was a human, That is when I got some idea it could be a real alien. As I did not believe much that there could be real ETs on earth, (I believe life could be on some far away in the galaxy, but it would not look like us at all. On our own planet life looks so different, even among humans) 

This incident did change my thoughts a little though. I did find UFO stalker back then, but did not have the inclination to report as I did not have any evidence. I was also still not sure it was a real alien.

So I planned to report it only If I come across again, and If I had pics. I still had it in my mind that it could still just be a thief and there could be a simple reason for the lack of footprints.

All this changes recently when I came across an article from 2015 on a local news website describing a similar incident. (They report a weird childlike animal causing fear in local residents) . When I got more serious, I scoured the Internet and came across the incident reported by India's famous UFO researcher Hitesh Yadav, when he was 5. The details given by his mother and the behavior matched exactly to my incident, and explained the lack of footprints. It had some hovering tech!

Hence I am here reporting it.
