{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1966-07-20 11:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492013","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67539","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3480,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/013/mufon-5492013.json","updb_database_id":5492013}
{jpg} late night on the farm playing tag with cousins, looked in the sky say very large star

The star was brighter than the other stars. We were in the country and so there were not lights sources to interfer with the star light, but this one was big. I told my cousins and we all began to look up. My cousins paid some attention then went back to playing, but I continued to look. Then four to five smaller stars came out of the large star which was remained stationary and then thess smaller stars became stationary and then smaller stars came out of them. Then all of the stars except the main star started zig zagging around the big star like maybe if you had a large glass jar with bb's in it and you started shaking it as fast as you could, but one that was not a bb or a marble but a ping pong ball remained suspended in the middle not moving. I couldn't stop looking. I was mesmerized. We went in to get our parents but they were taling and sent us back out. Later my cousins left an i went to bed. That week during bed time, my bed is right next to the window. I had an urge to look out. I say a face, angular, it looked like flakes where on it. It had yellow or green eyes. I jumped out of bed and ran out of the room to my parents. That same year until I started experiencing obe's. First i would hear a tone in my ear like a persistent note. I would focus on the sound and my brain would fell like it was vibrating faster and faster until there was an explosion of light and then i was over my body and i could will myself to go where i wanted in the house and did. I also was able to see events in different locations miles and miles away in a trance like state, which often siezed me nightly. I could see and hear every thing but could not move. I say my fathers car plung into a river and the police and emergency vihicles, at the same time i say my mother scream out and arise from the bed hearing the radio of the wreck. All three events were tens of miles from each other. My uncle and mother are still alive and remember this, although i don't know if this started that night, because when I was an infant in a crib at my grandmothers house, may 5 or 6 months, I had a fever and I was above my body. I remember the conversation my mother and grandmother spoke to each other. When i told this to my mother for the first time when I was in my twenties she was stunned. My mother and I have a special communication between us. We call each other out of intuition or she will speak to me in a dream to contact her, sometimes she is in the form of someone in my immmediate environment. One time she was my college dean who came to my seat in a vision and said you need to call your mother. When my mother and I speak in instance such as these we do not even mention the means of contact. I also have premonitions of upcoming events. Anyway I am glad your organization exist.
