{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-02 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291013","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112325","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2862,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/013/mufon-5291013.json","updb_database_id":5291013}
Very large triangular ship traveling in 1 direction at a very slow speed, like a tugboat in water

It was about 10:30 pm and I was sitting in my living room and there was a very low rumble, enough to shake some objects in the house. We have train tracks down the road and the rumbling was similar to when the train comes, but it has never shook the house before. So I decided to go outside to see what it was. The night was pitch black, no moon, no stars. But as I still heard the rumbling I knew it wasn't the train because it didn't fluctuate. So I looked in the sky expecting to see a military jet or something. All I noticed were 3 tiny stars....then as I kept looking I noticed these stars were moving together in the same direction. Then I thought it was a formation of military planes, but knew that they would have blinking lights, not stationary tiny white ones. As my eyes adjusted I couldn't believe what I saw. It was a HUGE triangular object, probably the size of a football field, if not bigger. It was moving so slowly I could not fathom what I was seeing. I didn't want to take my eyes off of it because it took a good minute for my eyes to adjust to see it. It was as if it was a boat trolling in the water. Logically it didn't make sense and it seemed impossible that it was in the air. At this point I could barely hear the rumbling and I could fully see it was a solid triangle because it was directly in front of me traveling over my neighbor's houses. It was very low to the ground, much lower than our airplanes fly at. As it passed and went to the left of me I could see the 3 lights for only a short while, then I could not see the ship or the lights, but still could hear the low rumbling.  I was confused because I have never believed there was alien life. I didn't believe in UFO's or aliens but I could not deny what I witnessed. I know beyond a shadow of a doubt that the government could not make something so huge slowly troll the air. It was impossible. I am now a believer. I have told very few people what I have witnessed. And after doing some research I found others have seen the same thing. That night I didn't even think of getting video or my camera because I was afraid if I left to get them, I would return and it would be gone.
