{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5461013","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100120","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3037,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/013/mufon-5461013.json","updb_database_id":5461013}
Transparent, more white near the centre. The edges pulsating. Hovering for several seconds before moving with incredible speeds.

It was a clear night with no clouds in the sky, the wind was calm. Before the sighting we witnessed several flashes coming from the direction of the Cassiopeia constellation, roughly 10-20 minutes apart with each flash, sometimes longer. I have seen these flashes before and they have always come from where the Cassiopeia constellation is positioned in the night sky through the summer months.

I have observed stars emitting pulses of light before, have seen satellites, planes, helicopters, drones, flashing across the sky and I can be sure it was none of those. I have only seen one helicopter around here in my lifetime, it's a small town 15Km off the main highway. Anyway. We were outside for 2 hours watching the night sky, looking in the general direction of the cassiopeia after we spotted another flash. 

(Also many years ago, I spotted the same type of flashing in the sky…which was also in this general direction. Except this flash was followed by a UFO sighting that appeared to be the size of starlight in the night sky, moving in a figure eight motion, it's turn too agile for anything humans are known to fly.)

It was about 15 minutes later when I spotted the object hovering slightly above us, probably 20 - 40 Meters above us. I looked at it for several seconds, watching it hover. White closer to the centre, oval in shape. To compare the UFO to something around me at the moment I would say it was probably the size of my 48' screen tv. Width and hight. 

Years of observing the night sky, studying astronomy, research all I can shove into my brain, it took mere seconds for me to realize it was unlike anything I have seen before. When i realized it was an unidentified foreign object I couldn't help myself, i immediately stood up and pointed in it's direction to alert the person that was with me, raising my voice. 

It was that moment the object shifted into motion, moving swiftly from it's hovering state, heading in the direction of Crescent lake and Hazelnut hill, which is the end of a walking trail high enough to overlook the town. Whatever it was, it was alerted by my reaction and it was only when i stood up, spoke up and pointed at it when it did leave. I have no evidence considering the timeframe of the sighting which lasted about 5-15 seconds.
