{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1945-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5176970","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"18loylo","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5176970,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
UFO over AEC plant tracked by radar, F84's scrambledFrancis
Ridge
Mid July of 1945; Hanford Washington
Noon & a clear sky. This is one of the earliest UFO sightings
supporting a
"nuclear connection", but this report was not listed in the Blue Book
Unknowns. Radar detected a fast-moving object that was
in a holding pattern directly above the Hanford plant. It was extremely
high and the pilots couldn't see it at first. As they rapidly increased
altitude the pilots all spotted it at about the same time and headed
directly for its position. None of them could recognize it, but they
could see it well from their vantage point. It had a saucer-like
appearance, was bright, extremely fast, and very high. The F6F had an
operating ceiling of 37,000 feet, but on this day they exceeded that
considerably and still couldn't get close enough. It didn't make any
overt moves, gave no signals, just hovered there as if observing,
staying well enough out of reach. When some of the engines began to
fail, and fuel consumption got critical, the planes returned to base
one by one, and the strange craft disappeared as quickly as it came.
The six F6F "Hellcats" made visual contact with the object described as
the size of three aircraft carriers side by side, oval shaped, very
streamlined like a stretched-out egg and pinkish in color. The witness
who filed this report said that some kind of vapor was being emitted
around the outside edges from portholes or vents. The object was
observed at noon in a clear sky at an estimated altitude of 65,000
feet. After hovering in a fixed position above the Hanford Nuclear
Reactor for an additional twenty minutes, the object disappeared going
straight-up as the six Hellcats limped back to the Pasco Naval Air
Station.

Detailed reports and documents
UFO
Sighting Over Nuclear
Reactor,
Hanford, Washington In 1945 (MUJ-344,13)
Grumman F6F
Hellcat
