{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-16 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521965","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34238","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4098,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/965/mufon-5521965.json","updb_database_id":5521965}
Observation of huge, slightly curved, band of bright, oblong, wave-like pulsating lights

On November 16th, 2011, at approximately 6:30 PM, I was driving my regular route home on a Wednesday after work on Rt 45 West toward State College, PA. 
As I was driving along a particularly dark and sparsely populated stretch of the two lane country road a few miles past Woodward, I suddenly noticed this band of very bright lights, seemingly sitting up on a hill, a couple miles off the road to my left. The slightly curved downward band was approximately 80 feet long and made up of adjoining rectangular lights of graduating colors that ranged from a very light peach to deeper orange tones. While all lights remained brightly lit, they were further illuminated by a pulse-like, fluid, wave motion proceeding and repeating from my left to right. The lights, and one tea-rose/melon one in particular, struck me as utterly beautiful and it took a concerted effort to refocus on the dark, windy country road.
My initial response was oh, they must be doing some road work over there and wondering why theyd be still working so late. It took a second or two to realize that there was no road but only a wooded ridge over there, and the lights were not like anything in terms of colors or formation, I had ever seen at a road construction site, or anywhere else for that matter. I did a double take and looked back at the lights with my rational mind shifting into overdrive in an attempt to make sense out what I was seeing.
The road, now curving downward toward one of the Amish Farms along the way on the right, again demanded my attention and a rather high bank on my left, temporarily, obscured my view of the lights. When I emerged out of the dip in the road on the other side, apx 10 seconds later, and looked back again, I saw a vastly smaller version of the light formation I had seen way back in the distance. I saw no trace of the large formation but did not know if that was due to obstructing features in the terrain, or if that formation had receded quite a distance back within the 10 seconds out of my sight. The small formation in the distance disappeared from my view with the next turn in the road.
Again, my rational mind raced to make sense out of this but none of the data wanted to compute. Was there one or two formations, and were they communicating with their pulsating light waves? Or was there only one that receded in an incredibly short time span? I felt rather confused and increasingly scared ... and called a friend to inquire what shed make out of this chain of events. I was never so glad to reach the town of Aaronsburg a short time later and felt much relief in the perceived protection of civilization. 
I have engaged in reality testing ever since whenever I travel along that spot in the road once or twice a week. I verified in day time that there is absolutely nothing but a wooded ridge where I had seen the lights , and came to realize that, based on their location, they must have hovered over the trees. When returning in the evening, I have ruled out other potential sources of lights. There are absolutely none along that stretch.
I have not seen the lights again ... but find myself strangely yearning to see them again ... and especially the one color that appealed to me in particular. When I think or speak about that light, I find myself getting goose bumps along my left forearm. Other than that ... there is no noticeable effect of the events.
