{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-02 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496965","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62412","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2590,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/965/mufon-5496965.json","updb_database_id":5496965}
{nd} Two bright star-like lights, one under the other; lower one descended, quickly shooting and fading away. Remaining one gradually disappeared.

My love and I were taking our almost-nightly walk. It was around 10:30 p.m. We were talking, engrossed in a word rhyming game which we always play on our walks. He was taking longer than usual trying to find a word and was looking down. I was ho-humming, looking around at the houses which we were walking by when my upper-right peripheral vision caught site of two very bright amber-colored lights. I couldn't believe it! He looked up right away. We saw two orb-like lights (I think in the southwestern sky), one light over the other, with generous space between them. I pointed to them, and he quickly pushed my arm down, telling me that my action might not be a good idea in case we might be seen by them/it. We started walking a little faster, as if somehow we might catch up with it. Unfortunately, I need eye-glasses for distance; I don't bring them on our walks, as I can't see him as clearly as I can without them. So the amber orbs, to me, looked as if rays were completely encircling a more solid center portion. He has great distance vision and, to him, the two lights appeared round and solid. Inside of a minute's time, we saw the lower light descend a bit, though noticeably, from the top light. The lower light then moved to the left. And here is where we differ a bit in our observation: I saw this lower light continue to move laterally to the left, at a kind of "walking pace", and completely fade away, all the while not getting any smaller; he saw this lower light shoot off to the left at amazingly high speed. Then, the remaining light gradually faded into nothingness.

We were both awestruck! We've been talking about it throughout all day yesterday. Last night, I made sure I brought along my glasses in my pocket - just in case our amber lights might do an encore performance - but, no luck. At least, not yet............
