{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-15 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501965","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57059","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4139,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/965/mufon-5501965.json","updb_database_id":5501965}
orange glowing globes moving slowly across the sky. witnessed by myself and a coworker.

this is the third time i have witnessed these orange glowing globes, twice including this event i was able to call my coworker and have them come outside and have a look. the coworker i called tonight actually witnessed the same sighting i had last fall, in a diferent part of the small city we're in. the event in the fall happened pretty much like tonight.
I work as a nightwatchman at a facility that is more or less on the edge of town. residential area on three sides, a hospital and beyond the hospital are fields. 
the area is sparsely lit but ther are street lights and the buildinds are fairly well lit. 
so im doing my rounds in vehicle. i come off the the city street onto the property. my vehicle is now pointed east, i notice the light in the sky. and think briefly" oh the globes again" still not sure till i see the other three. this time there are four of them and not in the same formation.
i stop and call my coworker on the work phone and ask if he wants to see these things. he obliges. i had been feeling a little sickly earlier. sweats/chills. the adrenalin made the feeling go away briefly. 
I start heading toward the office were my coworker is at. i drive a little ways stop and decide to try take a video with my iphone 4. got out of the vehicle . again ,no such luck. too much light from the building and light standard nearby. about 2 minutes have pass at this point. also one of the objects. are north of me at this point. the lead one .they are skimming beneath the clouds . one seems to be changing to a white color as it disappears into the cloud. the others trailing do not change color as they also disappear into the clouds at different points. i go back to the office were my coworker is at to find him out behind the building watching the northern sky. he says he saw three. about four or five minutes had passed at this point. I was feeling like i had earlier. 
they moved east to northwest. hard to tell how fast the were moving maybe a little faster than a small plane or a helicopter. i dont really understand why i felt the way i did i figured i would be more excited to witness such a thing. i do get a little intriuged. been a sci fan fan for as long as i can remember, discovered coast to coast , the radio show, a few summers back and have heard one of your associate on the program. recently i had heard him discussing the orange globes on the eastern seaboard somwhere. 
after i talked with my coworker i told him i was also feeling a bit sickly and would be going home if the feeling didnt pass. i left work at midnight and have been thinking about it since. i texted my brother and cousin to tell them what i saw.
back in the fall(2013) i had witnessed pretty much the same thing the same way except i was at the office , or about to go into it, looking north. northeast, five globes in a W formation headed southeast , called my coworker outside to have a look. sighting had taken place over a space of four to 5 minutes. happend about the same time 10:30 ish . a few weeks before the snow came. tried to take a pic or vid, too much light around me
the first time. i had seen just one. and as i recall that one seemed to be flying too slow to be a plane , plus no blinking lights. and no sound or trail of any sort. this was about a year and a half ago.
i googled "orange globes". the event from belgium dated dec 24 2013 seems to be what i saw, except not as many or that long.thank you.
