{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-11 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457965","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103587","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2470,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/965/mufon-5457965.json","updb_database_id":5457965}
{rjl} Two orb lights shoot up to the sky.

In a hot and clear evening I was riding my bike in a dark and lonely road outside Brawley CA. The date and time are approximate but it was between 9pm and 10pm as I wait for the day to cool off a little for my bike rides as daytime temperatures reach 115 or more in the summer here in the imperial valley. As I was heading east on this dark and lonely road , I stopped to take a breath and I reached down to the bottle holder on my bike. While I uncapped the bottle of water I stared up and front of me, to the beautiful dark but full of stars sky. I then proceeded to take a drink of water and In the corner of my left eye I noticed a very bright "star" that caught my attention. When my eyes focused at what I thought was a star , the "star" suddenly just took off shooting up at approximate 30 to 35 degree angle at an unbelievable speed from where it was , and just vanished. I stood there looking and was amazed at what I just had observed. That does not end there. While I stood there mesmerized and still staring at that direction , another "star" follows the same path and speed as the first one and that one too vanishes to the sky. This incident lasted about 10 to 15 seconds. Let me add that on that direction where those two objects were stationary , is the Chocolate Mountain Aerial Gunnery Range which is used by the Navy and Marines for aerial bombing and live fire aerial gunnery practice . When the military does their practice bombing and aerial gunnery they shoot down to the mountain and ground not up to the sky. Those two objects were not military jets or helicopters. I had been riding my bike for minutes and no jets or helicopters were flying in that direction or any direction at all. Those two objects were there but I had not noticed, for I don't how long observing and checking out that military base.
