{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-11-15 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524965","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30837","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2664,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/965/mufon-5524965.json","updb_database_id":5524965}
Dusk sky, very dark triangle, no lights, went in a straight line.

It was sometime in 2002, in the fall or early winter since it was mostly dark around 5:30-6pm mountain time.

I was walking my bike home from work, did not own a car at the time, it was uphill on a bike path in Boulder, Colorado. It was fairly dark or just after dusk. 

I like to stargaze, so when I was walking I was looking up every now and then. I have done this since childhood.

I noticed a really dark spot against the sky moving from north to south. I know it was N to S because I was facing the mountains, they are to the west. 

At first I looked away, I don't know why. I didn't really think it was anything I guess. I looked back up and at this point it was almost directly above me. I could definitely make out a triangle shape with very defined edges. There were no lights. There was no sound. No detail could be seen, just a plain very black triangle shape. It moved quickly at a constant rate of speed, but not that much faster than a normal airplane I guess. It seemed like it was only a few thousand feet above me, but I really couldnt determine the distance. 

It kept going in a straight line and I lost sight as it continued to the South, behind tress, houses, etc. 

I felt nothing when I saw it or right after the "event". I almost convinced myself I didn't see anything and I didn't tell anyone for a few weeks. It seemed like a non-event to me at first, like it was just supposed to be flying by, like theres nothing unusual about it at all.
It was flying over Boulder, a decent size city in Colorado, so I figured it might be military. 

Also, I was in a dark area on the bike path looking up at the sky. If I was in a normally well-lit area theres almost no way I couldve seen it. Under a street light you cant see very far into the night sky and wouldnt have been able to see the stars either, and especially not a black object passing in front of them. 

Thats it. No idea what it was, not convinced it wasnt military since it didn't do anything weird. Who knows.
