{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-09-01 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468965","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91584","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2955,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/965/mufon-5468965.json","updb_database_id":5468965}
{rjl} Approached intersection as passenger, car stalled, humming orbed object passed, traveled down the road, hovered over trees and disappeared.

it was the fall of '98, the sky was clear with a crisp breeze. we were driving down paintersville new jasper road, me and my friend, in a t-bird with the top off. we had left a friends house in jamestown and the radio was blaring some kind of hip-hop music at the time; we were just enjoying the night. we approached the stop sign at paintersville new jasper and waynesville jamestown road. as the car came to a stop, a second or two later, the vehicle completely stalled and the radio cut out. we tried to start the vehicle several times but it would not start, and off in the distance we began to hear a faint low hum that was getting closer. as we began to look about, a somewhat large orb began to approach, and seemed to be draining the lights from the surrounding area, or seemed to be absorbing in light. the objects size was large but i have nothing to compare the size to and the object had a faint sliver-ish glow about it as it passed over in front of us in the sky. as the object proceeded to head down waynesville jamestown road the vehicle started back up on its own. we sat there staring in complete silence and then i said "go after it!" my friend made a left onto waynesville jamestown road and sped on after the object. the object was on the left hand side of the road and above the tree line. the object stopped and was hovering above a small patch of woods and i kept telling my friend "faster", and he kept yelling out "do you see that?" as we were reaching a speed of 80+ mph on the straight stretch. we came to a stop on a curve, beside a drive-way leading back to a house where the wood patch was at and the object was hovering over. the vehicle was still running, and we sat staring, i was saying to my friend as well "dude, do you see that? he was acknowledging he could see the object as well. we were both excited about the whole event at the time. my friend was bouncing up and down in his seat, we were talking back and forth. as the object hovered over the trees for sometime the object just then disappeared, it didn't sit there long. we sat there talking for a few minutes about what just happened, turned around in the drive-way and then headed to his mom's house just down the road.
