{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-01 21:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455965","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105637","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2538,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/965/mufon-5455965.json","updb_database_id":5455965}
{cak} Black descending shadow blotting out stars, descending. Paralyzed.

Hi, where to start. I'm someone who has loved to go hiking my entire life, and this incident happened while hiking alone around 9pm going up sycamore creek, about 1.5m from the trailhead 20 miles up on the highway towards Payson from fountain hills Arizona.

I'm a father of 6 kids, a rational person and hope this report never gets picked up by future employers.

I'd noticed a large boulder (2m by 1m) recently dragged across the creek 400m from the event site, judging by new plant growth, maybe 10 days ago. At sunset. I looked for tire tracks but found none. No footprints either, just some lizard and beetle tracks. Have Pictures.

The event: it was getting dark and I kept hiking after examined the strange dragged boulder. 

It was dark then, and I heard a strange buzz. It sounded like a large cricket in some riparian brush, which it was.

Resting there It suddenly felt like an alien presence was over me, I looked up, and stars might or might not have blinked out. It's a painful memory. What is still clear after so many years is the feeling of something descending, absolutely pitch black dark, maybe watermelon sized Or a bit bigger, coming right above me, and changing positions almost instantly. I Couldn't move.

I felt let go after some time, and ram away. After 200 yards feeling the presence behind me at that spot, it almost instantly flew off towards the west. So abruptly it was gone I almost fell. This was felt, not seen.

Decided not to go back then, though I haven't been able to forget it. And I've seen a lot in my life. This was different. I went back to the site 2 weeks later and even caught that cricket, mounted it on my post it board. All normal.

Just recently I saw a phenomena (took pictures) but there was no paralysis or lost time or feeling invaded. Just like a visual reminder. That's why I've written this now.
