{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-26 20:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458965","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102554","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4239,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/965/mufon-5458965.json","updb_database_id":5458965}
{jpg} 50 to a 100 drone like vessels roughly 13 to 20 feet across endlessly traveling North above and around high rises visible at a short distance.

50 to a 100 drone like vessels roughly 13 to 20 feet across endlessly traveling South to North above and around high rises visible at a short distance. They all flew entirely different paths seemingly exploring. Several hoovered outside residential balconies of a building 'The Portofino' less than a half mile from my bedroom balcony. Once we noticed several traveling North than many more appeared from the South moving North. 
They became more and more in number to the point they were countless. It is was very quiet out and they admitted no sound whatsoever. Some moved straight in a direct path South to North, some up and down, laterally, hoovering. It varied so much. They emitted light as you can see in the video but that did not distinguish their shape. If there is any technology of video enhancement perhaps it could be seen. Over the years here I have been in some of the residences in 'The Portofino' and know the size of their balconies which I have stood on in the past. Most are 15 to 20 feet across. It is a very upscale high rise. We both witnessed some of the vessels hoovering right in front of some of these balconies for a short amount of time. You can hear us mentioning that on the audio in the video. I kept thinking if anyone were inside at the time and saw this they must have been in absolute terror. They kept coming and when the first wave of them began traveling North and slightly to the East of my condo building I was concerned for my daughter and her mother's safety. I even considered getting off my back balcony and into the front of the condo in the chance one of them spotting me filming and might move toward my balcony. I believe these were VERY large drones but moving at those speeds and silently was eye opening. The smallest of drones you see around here at the South Pointe Park that they partially flew over are noisy even at the same levels these UFOs were flying. They Also flew directly through a main flight route for MIA airport. You can see passenger planes daily and nightly but a many miles higher. The vessels we saw were moving over, in and around the numerous high raises so visible from my balcony. 
I not a emotional person, I think pragmatically & critically. I was surprised when rewatching the video at how much I was effected and shocked. It was evident in my voice and commentary while filming. My regret is all I had was an iPhone came taking the video.
* I cannot tell you why it took four years for me to take any action on this experience. I often joke that these were alien beings and somehow controlled my inaction afterward through telepathy or something. I never heard a single news blurb about it. I never called in city institutions. It shocks and mystifies me no one else did not witness this. I hope you have software that can make the video more clear and definable. Undoubtedly at the least you can see how numerous they are seemingly never ending. You can also gauge their size relative to the balconies some of them hoovered in front of. I do not believe Homestead Air Force is active in any capacity since Hurricane Andrew. I'm unsure. I highly doubt The Military would do or approve their flight path if they are in fact property of our U.S. Government. 
Thank you for your time. You may contact me at any time for questions. This mystery became a huge question mark that I carry with me since that night.
