{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-28 08:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453249","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108380","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2495,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/249/mufon-5453249.json","updb_database_id":5453249}
14 separate reflecting objects moving across the sky at the same speed.. fallowing each other at the same distance from each other in a straight line.

My wife and I enjoy sitting in our hot tub almost every night.. our eyes are constantly up at the sky.. looking at the stars.. we always see space debris shining like stars moving across the sky.. last night I seen something that was very different.. I look over to see what I thought was just reflective space debris moving across the sky when I noticed another one was following shortly behind it and then I look again and another, and another till I counted 14 separate objects moving across the sky in a straight line following each other with the same amount of distance between each other.. this was intelligence and cannot be replicated naturally.. moving from north to south.. only about an hour after sunset.. this was no airplanes.. no helicopters.. it couldn't be just space debris.. I do believe it was up above our atmosphere though.. I didn't see lights.. I saw the reflection from sunlight on it.. like space debris but definitely not because they had a intelligent trajectory.. if it was two or three objects.. I would have wrote it off as just space debris.. 14 separate objects!! There is intelligence there.. I've always paid attention to the sky and stars my whole life.. always knowing there is something out there bigger then us.. for me.. last night proved it.. I'll never forget what I saw.. I just wish I had my phone out there with us.. I wanted to run in the house to get it but I knew that by the time I got back they would be to far for my phone camera to pick up and I would have missed witnessing the phenomenon for myself.. I couldn't take my eyes off of it even if I tried.. hell I couldn't take my eyes off the sky an hour after they were gone.. I don't have any proof other then me and my wife's recollection.. sorry
