{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-01 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494249","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65237","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3500,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/249/mufon-5494249.json","updb_database_id":5494249}
{nd} Massive bright white light in windows, doors, followed by movement over the roof.

The most recent event of several this past year occurred last month (April 2015), and again it occurred around 3 am. The event began with me asleep in my bedroom, and we were awoken by the sound of three distinct bell-like tones. There were no cell phones in the room, and nothing we own made a sound like that. It was loud enough to wake us from a sound sleep. When we woke up, right after the bell sounds, a brilliant white light shone in the 4 small windows high up on the wall in our 3rd floor bedroom, and at the same time a massive white light shone through the 4 patio doors that make up the bedroom wall- they open out on a deck and the deck looks out on a canal behind our house. The light seemed to be as large as the house was wide- I estimate 60 feet. As I ran to the doors to look, the light seemed to move over the roof of the house, and as it did, a deep black shadow followed in its wake. As I watched, I saw what appeared to be a police car moving up the street- what was odd is that, this being a summer community, the homes are mostly empty until the season starts in June. You never see a police car just cruising- only when summer parties get out of hand and someone calls them. This police car was silent, and the lights on top were unlike any I have seen. Police cars always have a light bar on top, with red and blue lights on the ends and white in the middle. THIS car had a circular flat disc of white lights on top, that rotated in a circular motion, and I thought how unusual it was- I have never seen flat circular white lights on top of a police car. The other unusual thing was that the "street" the police car was driving along....was WATER. The canal. 
This is the most recent in a series of various sightings over the past year, beginning with the sighting of a large. black wedge=shaped craft with 5 huge round white lights-moving silently and slowly over the ocean's edge about 20 feet over the waves. I made a report on that not long ago. I really wanted to get out of the car and flag it down, but I was unable to walk easily over the dunes. I seemed to be uncharacteristically uninterested in getting out of the car, however, and after we got home I was very disappointed that I just simply...left- without staying to watch what it did- whether it went under the water etc. Since then, there have been several events where brilliant white lights shine in our bedroom windows, usually between 3 and 5 am. These range from just the brilliant light to orbs which "thin out" into bluish discs before simple disappearing. They do not ascend. They do not "leave" - they simply disappear. 
The event at the beginning of the report is the most recent, having occurred just 2 weeks ago and the only one where the craft/light seemed to actually move over the house and leave.
