{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-01 21:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502249","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56763","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4130,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/249/mufon-5502249.json","updb_database_id":5502249}
{dr}Two planes were flying staggered and a black pill shape was following them with no con trail and gained speed catching up to the furthest plane and they then disappeared behind the trees.

I was outside on my back deck smoking a cigarette around 9:20 pm. I looked to the northern sky and had seen two planes flying side by side staggered going west to east. They were really far up and I can't tell you how far they were. But with my frame of reference holding my fingers up in the air and looking at them they were about a quarter of an inch apart. I have no idea actually how many miles that could even calculate to. I thought to myself that those planes seem to look close together. The plane that was furthest north was ahead of the other using my frame of reference with my fingers again about a half of an inch. I then realized that there was a black pill shape object following behind them. What I thought was strange was both planes had con trails but the pill shape had no trail. The planes were both the silver/white color but the third object was so dark. All three objects were flying west to east. I live in Branch County MI. I see many planes flying over my area every day and night. I am pretty sure they are coming/going from the Detroit and Chicago airports. We also have the small Kalamazoo airport about 45 minutes n/w from my home. But these planes were in my opinion were way too high to have just left the Kalamazoo airport. The plane furthest north was ahead of the other plane. I noticed the black object following behind them was larger than both of the planes. I then watched the black pill shape object gain speed catching up to the plane that was furthest ahead. It was with my frame of reference using my fingers about an inch and a half behind the plane that was ahead. In about 10-20 seconds It was catching up and passing the slowest plane it appeared to be going in between the air spaces of the two planes. Everything I was watching was approaching a huge 100 yr old maple tree that was obstructing my view. I stood on the deck waiting for them to pass the tree line so that I could continue following them but they never reappeared. In my opinion of what I viewed the plane that was going slower and was the furthest behind possibly could have seen this black pill shape object. 
The only reason I took notice was I thought the two planes seemed close together and then I noticed the black object following that had no con trail. The entire elapsed time I witnessed this event was about 30 seconds. 
This may have nothing to do with what I witnessed but I called one of my close friends about 9:30 pm to tell her about this and there was no answer so I left her a message to what I had just seen. I then called my other close friend and my home phone started really bad static while I was dialing her. There was a lot of static and interference that I have not encountered like that before. I asked her if she could hear it but it was not as bad on her end as it was on mine. I then went to switch my cordless phone to another one. The other phone that I picked up could not find signal, I assumed the other phone I picked up would work so I had already hung up the bad connection phone. In turn I ended up hanging up on my friend. She then had to call me back. Who knows this may have been purely coincidence with the bad phone line connection and have nothing to do with this. Any way to make a really, really long story short I am not sure what I witnessed I am not crazy just a normal wife and mom.
