{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-02-24 06:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455249","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106362","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2539,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/249/mufon-5455249.json","updb_database_id":5455249}
Witnessed a large number of white lights, similar to distant stars in appearance, move from my left (NW) to my right (E).

I had arrived home from working the night shift at around 0550 hrs on Monday, February 24, 2020. I normally have a cigarette on my back porch when I first arrive home and look up at the night sky to observe the constellations at that time of the morning, whether I am working day shift (I am up at 0330 hrs) or on night shift (normally home around 0545 hrs). This morning, it was a clear, cloudless sky ideal for stargazing and I noticed that our back security light was not on so I went to the east side of the garage to investigate. It was totally dark in the back yard, and I had a perfect vantage point for viewing the early morning sky to the north of my property. I looked up to view the stars from there, and was startled to see what looked like a "moving star" cross my field of vision from left (NW) to right (E). That would have been fantastic enough, but then I saw another one following it close behind, and then another one, until it seemed that there were almost 2 dozen following a straight line flight path behind each other. It seemed the flight path, from where I was positioned, originated to the northwest over Lake Huron and headed east towards London, Ontario. Now the straight line path was odd enough, but trailing these were several lights of the same brightness and luminosity traveling in a "V" formation, at least 2 groups of 3 lights each, which were not in a tight formation but spread out quite a bit but traveling at the same velocity. In all, I believe I saw approximately 30 to 40 of these lights traveling from the northwest going directly east in a time span of 4 minutes. I now wish that I had the presence of mind to take video/photos with my cell phone camera, which was on my person, but I was so spellbound and in awe of what I was seeing that I was completely caught up in the moment.
