{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-09-05 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458249","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103294","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3270,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/249/mufon-5458249.json","updb_database_id":5458249}
{jpg} While with my dog at 2330 hours, I observed a UFO descending behind the forest treeline. It was huge and glowing a bright yellow.

My UFO sighting occurred on September 5 at 11:30 PM and lasted about five to ten minutes. It occurred when I let me dog out for the last time of the night. I live in a rural area and I always accompany him due to the various predators known to inhabit the area. 

Immediately upon exiting my front porch area, I saw an immense yellow light coming through the trees from the forest area to the west of my house. It was very bright. I immediately thought the forest must be on fire. I moved to the edge of my fence to get a better look. 

Upon achieving a better point of view, I saw it was not a fire but huge, edgewise, half disk decending behind the trees. The flat side was on the left. I saw no details on the object, it was simply a bright yellow glowing half disk. At the time, I thought it was the moon setting. I phoned my roomate to come out and see the strange occurrence, but she declined because she had already changed for bed. My phone record indicates I called her at 11:31 PM on September 5, 2019. The disk continued its decent until it disappeared from view, leaving behind a bright yellow glow. The object appeared to land, but my view was blocked from the forest trees.

However, during my observation of the moon's shape, size, and placement in the days immediately following the event, I have determined what I saw was definitely not the moon because:
1. The shape of the actual moon and the half disk I saw did not match. 
2. The following night at the same time of the evening, the moon was approximately 50 degrees above the horizon. I checked for several days following the event and while the moon's position changed relevant to the time and date, it was never close to the horizon at the time I saw the disk.
3. When the moon set the following evening, it was only 1/8 the size of the object I saw and its color did not match the disk. 
4. The moon shows details of valleys and craters. The yellow object showed nothing on its surface and left a bright glow behind it.

I would estimate the size of the object as several hundred yards long. 

The UFO likely landed, but it might take an exhaustive ground search to locate the site. However, with the use of a drone with a camera, the landing site (if it actually occurred) might be quickly found. Unfortunately, I do not own a drone with or without a camera. 

If there is a nearby investigator that has a drone with a camera that would be interested in investigating this, please have them contact me. I am only 30 miles across the Arizona border.
