{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-07-10 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508249","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50245","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2870,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/249/mufon-5508249.json","updb_database_id":5508249}
{nd} it was sighted the same night

all of the children was on waldorf mother worked part-time at patton street sundry predominantly black community store closes at 10pm. we were at the house of "B" and "J" white watching three as company at their home behind sundry another show came on for some reason we all went outside we saw "M" go down waldorf heard loud boom he ran back up the street not knowing that he had just shot and killed a woman because he was not invited to party and was not allowed to attend while this was going on we all looked up and there it was hovering over the sundry the duplex where the crime had happen was just across the street its no longer there and I do not know if the whites home is still there on waldorf .no sound and no lights. the sundry had two german shepherds that were barking like crazy. I ran down the hill and one of the shepherds got out of the fence biting at my heel but suddenly turned away went in store to tell mother what we all saw, she stated boy u did not see a ufo it was probably the blip I told her it was no blip it had no lights. you do not argue with mother ran back up hill and it was gone. do not know date if u can research the murder that "M" committed that night in Memphis it will probably be the same night the cops in Memphis saw it over pine hill golf course thats also in south Memphis. "M" won cruiser weight championship after prison sentence I believe he eventually fought Muhammad kwquwi( excuse my spelling of the boxers name ). the majority of the witnesses are dead start dying young "J" white was the first two guys drag racing down third ,marshall ship killed by thirteen gangster disciples, "K" found shot in head ruled suicide weapon never found in apartment on "J" st (lol) and others I have lost contact with other than "E" and his brother "Ja" may have seen it but never talked about it. I said something about it while working for the sheriffs office(jail div) many years later was probably the worst mistake of my life being ridiculed by my superior officers ( I SHOULD HAVE BEEN TEN OR ELEVEN YEARS OLD AT THE TIME ). I want to know what happened that night and if that ship in the sky had to do with "M" doing what he did and the deaths that seem to happen right after.
