{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-10 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504249","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54647","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3697,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/249/mufon-5504249.json","updb_database_id":5504249}
{cak} Saw 3 very large bright red-orange lights in SE sky that disappeared and then reappeared over a 15-20 minute period

At approximately 9:00 pm on the night of March 10, 2014, I stepped outside of my driveway to take my dog for his nightly walk. I immediately noticed a large, bright red-orange light in the southeastern sky, well above the treeline on the opposite side of the open hay field that is across the road from my driveway. It was definitely unusual and bright and caught my attention right away. At first I thought it must be an airplane (small craft judging by the size, brightness, and proximity to the tree line), but the light did not blink or flash, nor move in any direction. It just sat there. I was checking it out for about 30 seconds, trying to figure out what it could be, when all of a sudden, it disappeared, sort of blinked off. I thought it must be a plane banking and taking a turn and that the light just became temporarily indiscernible. Within seconds of it disappearing, a second large, bright red-orange light suddenly appeared in the southeastern sky, but way more north of the original light. I was checking out that second light just 1hanging1 there for a few seconds before the first light reappeared in the direction I had originally seen it in. So I was watching both of those lights when a third large, bright red-orange light appeared in close proximity to the first light, but appeared to be a little more westerly (i.e. more my direction) than the first two lights. Now there were three large, bright, red-orange lights hanging, unmoving, not blinking or flashing, in the sky all at the same time. I watched them for approximately 15 seconds or so before all three of them disappeared all at once at the same time. Even from the first moment I saw the first light in the sky, I wanted to go get my boyfriend, who was in the house, so that he could see what I was seeing. But I didn1t want to miss anything. After the lights disappeared, I continued searching that part of the sky, but no lights reappeared, so I continued on my way with walking my dog. During the entire walk (about 15-20 minutes), I kept my eye on that part of the sky where I saw the lights because I was so fascinated by what I had just seen! After walking about 10 minutes, I was heading back to my house when I saw the lights reappear in that same part of the southeastern sky. This time, however, I saw only two of them, but they were side by side, and appeared to be either attached to the same craft, or flying in formation. I saw them for only about 3-5 seconds that time, they disappeared, and then I never saw them again. To clarify: The lights were very large (about the size of a dime? from my vantage point, guess more of an orb than simply a point of light); appeared above the treeline, but apparently further distant than the treeline; were a clear, bright red-orange color; did not blink, flash, or change position other than to disappear and then reappear over moments of time; and were silent (i.e. I heard no aircraft at anytime during the entire time I was outside that night).
