{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-04 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460249","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101046","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3776,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/249/mufon-5460249.json","updb_database_id":5460249}
{cak} Lights out over Lake Michigan very unusual at night. Perfect storm of circumstances brought about this event.

I live in Port Washington, WI., in a condo overlooking Lake Michigan. Port is a small fishing village with several parks, one of which I can see from my deck. The date was Jul 4, 2016, and the town always has a large fire works display, set off from this park and in my full view. I had intended to watch but was reading and forgot the time until heard the first boom. The park is located to me southeast but as I went out on the deck I was attracted to a small bright, unblinking light directly east out over the lake, moving north. This was strange because there is never a light out over the lake at night but I decided it was a helicopter,moving at about that speed, headed toward Green Bay.  Then things changed. As I watched, the light suddenly made a sharp left turn and started in my direction(and the direction of the fire works).I keep a pair of binoculars on the deck door and at this point wanted to get them but was concerned I would lose the light, orange and getting brighter as it came nearer, but finally hurried in to pick them up. Sure enough, as I went back, the orange light was gone. I'd lost it. So it was back to the fire works with some disappointment - until I realized the object was not gone but had become stationary and the light had changed from the very bright orange to small, blinking white lights obviously on the bottom of something quite large. By now the object was much closer, just offshore and slightly to the northeast of my position and of the fire works. Although it was too dark to see anything but the blinking white lights, and there were no lights on the sides, I had the strong impression that I was looking at a very large triangle. It held its position, motionless and totally silent, for about 8 to 10 minutes, just as though the occupants were curious about he fire works. I had my glasses on the lights all this time and after hanging motionless and unchanging for the 10 minutes someone on board flipped a switch, the white lights went out and two veery large orange ones came back on, their ambient light illuminating the entire "power" end of the craft and giving me an excellent opportunity to study if for another couple of minutes. There were no side lights o it was impossible to determine actual size or shape, only from the size of the lights, that it was triangular and BIG.The occupants seemed to satisfy themselves about the fire works and then mover leisurely to the southeast, finally disappearing seemingly over the horizon.. My hobby is art and I made a rendering of the rear of the ship in which an anomaly shows up. The ambient light from the "power" units exposed a strange, small, rectangular boxlike structure tucked up in the right hand corner of the recessed back of the vessel. It seems totally out of place on a craft so advanced. Note also its use of two sources of power. one for motion and one for hovering. Lets talk. I am a 98 year old WW2 vet with no eskills beyond email. Where can I mail you the rendering of the craft? Don't know how to "attach". Ground mail only. Lou
