{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-10 19:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507249","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51461","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2695,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/249/mufon-5507249.json","updb_database_id":5507249}
3 Lights hovering ,seemingly aligned , eventually the light furtheset away made a right turn, and I had to catch my bus

I was on my way to meet some friends for our usual thursday night beer(s). 
 
I left my place at roughly 7:15 and arrived at the bus stop about 2 minutes later. The bus was scheduled to stop there at 7:22
As I crossed the street I noticed there were 3 people waiting for the bus, 1 to the south of the stop and 2 inside the shelter, even though the sky was clear that evening. What first caught my attention were 3 lights which initially I thought were spotlights for the tennis stadium.
The lights seemed to be hovering, still, and very much aligned. 
For a second I pondered maybe some celestial alignment, but these were no planets, in my humble opinion. 
I knew I had a dilemma on my hands, as more people gathered at the bustop;
do I miss my bus to stare at these odd lights which could end up to just be planes or helicopters? I watched for a minute or two and eventually the light furthest away turned to the right. The other 2 lights seemed to be flickering a bit more at this point, although their flickers all throughout were very subtle. I could see the bus approaching and decided to hop on. I gazed back at the lights as long as I could. They were still there as the bus took me downtown.
I should also note that I could see other planes flying, one seemingly behind them ( seemed far away and had a blinking (blue) light, going the same direction from south to north as the furthest light also did. I live just below the flight path so constant planes flying overhead not far from the bus stop. 
I regret not taking any photos or videos, I don't know why It didn't occur to me to do so at the time. Maybe it's because don't have a fancy I phone.
