{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-08-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549249","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5248","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2679,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/249/mufon-5549249.json","updb_database_id":5549249}
see below .

I was sleeping . And about 2:30. am I was awakend by a low humming or a buzzing noise . When I looked around my bed room I had seen a bright light that filled my room . And I noticed that a yellow flashing beacon ( rotating type .) type light was going across the walls of my room . I got up out of my bed and I looked out through the blinds and and window I saw that the yard to the west was lit up . I went to the front room and something caught my attention to look out the kitchen window . ( this is to the east ) and being that we had a good moon , All I saw that it was not not as bright as the window from my bedroom . Then I looked to the front of the house where the front room is and I saw our drawblinds swinging left to right with a brightness of daylight . ( Note  our air conditioner was on and running . ) For some reason I started laughing . I knew what has happend . My wife and grandson was sleeping in the front room and our dog was there . He had growled earlier and I had heard him and thought he was having a dream . But when I started to go to the front door , Something was telling me that it was ok . Go back to sleep I did not see anybody I wanted to see the UFO . or object that made the light . 
I started to go to the door again and it seemed that something took my hand and led me back to my bed . I did not see anybody there . I went back to sleep and the next morning I woke up and felt like I had a good nights sleep I felt refreshed . I then got me a cup of coffee and sat down to watch the today show . When I started to take a sip of my coffee I noticed that the hair on my right arm was standing up on ends . I thought it was wierd Then I looked at my left arm and it was the same way . After a while my hairs on my arms settled down . 
The only thing I regret is I did not get to see what the object was . 
Thank you 
   Ronald Donoval
