{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-13 21:19:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460894","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100267","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3832,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/894/mufon-5460894.json","updb_database_id":5460894}
{cak} Orange orb hovered in western sky before disappearing, possible dark entity/object

I was driving west on highway 34 at 9:18 PM CDT when I noticed a bright orange light in the western sky 6 degrees above the horizon. I turned west and drove toward it, hoping to get a better view. I saw it for about 20 - 30 seconds.

The reason I noticed it was because it was unusually bright. It was the brightest object in the sky at the time, other than the moon. It was not a star, nor a planet. I've had an intense interest in astronomy since early childhood. I know what planets and stars look like, and this was neither.

It appeared to flicker or pulsate just before abruptly disappearing. It seemed like it was more than a mile away, possibly several miles or more. I could not hear any sound coming from it, but from the distance, it's not surprising.

I saw several aircraft in the general direction of the orange light.

I wondered if sunlight was reflecting off a plane in my direction, so I came home and looked up any planes in the area that were in that general direction at the time, and I did discover that there were four that were in that general direction around that time. I found the information on 

After I pulled over, I noticed something dark off to the right of the road in front of me. When I pulled over, I kept the vehicle running, but I turned off my headlights. I saw what I thought at the time was the head of someone walking parallel to the road in my general direction. It appeared to be a dark silhouette up against the dim sky. I turned the headlights back on to see who it was, but no one was there.

After I got home, I uploaded the video to my computer and watched it. Toward the end of the video, right before I stopped recording, it looks like there is something dark moving around right in the exact area I saw the dark figure. I do not know if there was any correlation between the orange orb and the dark figure, but I wanted to mention it in case.

At the time I was recording the video, I could not see the orb on my phone screen. But after playing the video on my computer, I found out that it is visible. It's the object that looks like a bright star just to the left of the road in the distance. I apologize for the low quality, but my phone camera is not very good. I thought the only way it might show up was if I increased the exposure in order to take in more light, but the drawback to that is that the video is not smooth.

That's all the information I can think of.

I've seen more than a few orange lights like this in the last few years in this area. Several years ago, an orange orb passed over the trees in my backyard at a low altitude, possibly less than 300 feet above the ground. There were multiple witnesses to that sighting - at least two other people I know saw it. I can give more information about it if any researcher would like. I want to keep this report mostly on-topic about the object I saw a few hours ago, but I did want to at least mention the UFO that passed over my yard, since the color of these orange orbs is almost always the same color.
