{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-05-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504894","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53985","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4043,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/894/mufon-5504894.json","updb_database_id":5504894}
{cak} direct communication

well where do i start. I will be detailed but brief since I could practically write a book regarding what I have experienced since the year 1995. There were incidents before, one being an experience with a ufo in the late 70's at Mt rainier national park.. I actually reported this incident to this same website a few years ago. Now i realize their were situations prior to this that started in the 60's but in the state of Maine. 
But let me get back to the 1995 incident. There were actually two incidents within a few months of each other but it is the 2nd incident which forever changed how I see what we define as reality. 
It began as any other day but changed approximately around 10 pm. I was in my bedroom just talking with my now husband. I was sitting on the bed and my husband was sitting in raised closed, (a closet with large drawers underneath so that you can sit on the bottom of the closet when opened). All of a sudden everything seemed to freeze in time and I experienced what i considered to be a direct communication with some type of entity of unknown origin. The communication was all consuming yet I could see my husband sitting slightly slumped over with his hands now covering his face yet seemingly outside of my experience. The communication came hard and very fast, I remember saying over and over again "wow and slow down" The communication was so overwhelming fast, similar to like a computer download. I have no memory of how much time transpired, nor what happened afterwards. My next clear memory was awakening in the morning. My first statement was "everything looks the same but something is different". Then i was overcome by my senses to the point of anxiety and fear. I saw how everything is connected, patterns in nature, representations, etc. I was physically shaking and so overwhelmed, this is when I asked my husband what he remembered about what i thought was last night. He remembers hearing me say wow and slow down over and over again but nothing else except awakening in the morning next to me. 
I wont go into all the details as to other unexplained events, but here is just one sample. There was a brand new large projection tv in the living room which my stepfather had received for Christmas. One evening i awoke and was compelled to go into the living room to see the tv on close caption with a blue screen it had a 4 line mathematical equation with some symbols that I have never seen before. I remember just standing there studying it trying to memorize it. I thought write it down but before i made my first step to do so my stepfather entered the room and asked me what I was doing and when he saw what was on the tv he promptly turned it off. I again saw the equation at a friends house conveyed in the same way. Both televisions were on cable at the time. weird stuff just happens, so lets fast forward. mathematics is the language of the universe. I have been working on what we currently refer to as the theory of everything but from a totally unconventional direction. having some success but my problem is i need a physicist, i have been self teaching myself with varying degrees of success but i can see it reflected in language, patterns and connections. so i need a physicist to help convert it to a actual equation. also i would like to know if anyone else had ever experienced anything similar. well thanks for your time hope to hear from you, Susan
