{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-10 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452894","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108738","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3259,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/894/mufon-5452894.json","updb_database_id":5452894}
Star-like object with instant acceleration, extreme velocity, and instant deceleration.

The personal viewing of a ‘UFO’. Sunday 10 May 2020 at approx. 8:15 PM CST my wife and I were seated outside our house in Baton Rouge, La. The area is relatively free of much ambient light and we had no outside lights on. She was facing west and I was facing east when a very bright, very white, ball of light streaked across the southern sky approx. 20° above the skyline. It covered the almost 150° of visible sky through the trees in less than 2 seconds and it was a little smaller than a pencil eraser, I assumed that it was a meteor. But something about it didn’t seem right to me, it appeared to be too low and too close.  Our interest was peeked though, so we began to look at the sky more closely. Our southern sky is partially obscured by a number of trees, so we then focused our attention on the north and western sky. There were three ‘stars’ readily visible and a few others if you stared intently. One of them to our left (west) I assumed to be Venus, the other two were stars and were farther to the north. They appeared to be separated by an angle of approx. 2°-3° and were maybe 40° above the horizon. All three were clearly visible, there were essentially no clouds, but still faint. As we focused on them and that area of the sky, we saw a VERY faint ‘dot’ of light near the most northerly star. I could not estimate it’s distance (elevation), but had it been daylight and had a contrail, it might have been a plane at 20,000+ ft. We had been looking at it for about 30 sec because it seemed to change color (whereas the two stars near it did not), when SUDDENLY (instant acceleration) it darted to the north at an incredible speed. It covered an angular distance of at least 25° (which at an altitude of 20,000 ft. would be linear distance of 1.6 miles) in less than 1 sec – which yields an approx. speed of 5700 mi/hr. More incredible is that it stopped for about 2 sec (with out visibly slowing down – instant deceleration) and then returned to its original position, near the northern most star, at the same rate of speed. Then after 1-2 min. it began to slowly move in what seemed to be a rather random manner near that star, for 2-3 min, in a path that had an apparent size of roughly a half-dollar coin. It was still very dim, but still noticeable when we focused on it. It then gradually became so faint that we could no longer see it. My wife, who is not technical in any sense, was astounded at what she saw. Since I am an engineer and physicist, and believer in UFOs, I had no problem with it, but was amazed nonetheless.
