{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-02-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501894","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57133","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5424,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/894/mufon-5501894.json","updb_database_id":5501894}
{dr}Sighted disc shape object at Rocket Propulsion Laboratory, Edwards AFB, California

In 1977, I was stationed at Edwards AFB, California. Worked in security police, law enforcement. Training a newly assigned airman: area familiarization, patrol zone, procedures. At approximately 0200 hours we drove up too the RPL, Rocket Propulsion Laboratory, in our security police vehicle. I drove up a ridge line, so I could show him, a complete view of area. While observing the area,we spotted a black large disc shaped object, appearing to be sitting on top of one of the laboratory buildings. My trainee asked me, "what is that,". I said, "I have no idea." The object started to slowly rise up, a couple hundred feet from building, than slowly started moving in a circular motion, toward our position. I raised the microphone, to our vehicle radio, tried to transmit, when realized our radio, was dead. We both attempted to use our portable walkie talkie radios, both were also dead. All our radio's had been checked, before and after guard mount. Next I turned on our light bar, as a signal device, although we were in a desolated area, many miles from main base. The lights on the light bar rotated for 10 seconds, than they went dead. Could not get them to come back on. We had no emergency flares. When the disc was approximately 100 feet away, our vehicle engine died. I could not re start it. I took out a Remington 870 shotgun, from its mount. I opened my vehicle door, gripping the shotgun, in a death grip. The disc shaped object, a glassy black color about the size, of two C5a aircraft, wingtip to wingtip. It made no sound, totally silent. Saw no lights. I looked for any type of markings, insignia saw none. The disc stopped, right above our vehicle. We both just stared up at it. It seemed to stay their for just a few minutes. It started moving again. I could not see any type of propulsion system. Again, no sound, no lights. It rose up, too approximately 2,000 feet. It stopped. It started rotating from a horizontal position, to a complete vertical position. Stopped, when completely vertical. Than the disc started spinning, rotating very rapidly and shot almost straight up into the air, was gone from visible sight within seconds. All our systems started working. The engine was on, light bar was rotating and our vehicle radio was working. Desk Sergeant was calling us, I answered said they had sent patrols out looking for us. We had missed our radio check. Evidently two hours of time, was missing. I looked at my watch, was 0430 in morning.
We both filled out 1569 incident/complaint reports. Both would be read, that morning by the base commander. The desk sergeant said object had been reported by are radar, when it shot into the sky.
Two days later we both were told to report to base commander. When we were outside his office we were met by a full bird colonel, wearing no name tag. He was very tall, at least 6'4, gray hair, and sparking deep blue eyes. I went into a office with him. He told me to draw a sketch on chalk board, of the object. I did. Then I described exactly what had happen. He said nothing, had no recording device. He asked not one question. I got the strange feeling, he already knew, what had happen. I told him I would take a polygraph tests. He said, that was not necessary. He said he believed I had seen something. He told me, to never tell anyone what I had seen. Ever. I left. My trainee went in next.
A week later I was called back to see base commander. Outside his office were two very large men, in suits. Looked like linebackers. I knocked than entered his office. It was the real base commander. He told me to sit down. He told me to sign these papers. I asked to read them, he said that was not necessary. I said I will read them first. It was a nondisclosure agreement. It stated I actually had saw a helicopter, on a training mission, with all lights out. I looked at the Colonel. "Sir, this was not a helicopter: it had no rotors, no blades, no sound. Sir, this is a lie. This is not what I saw." When I started to tell him, he told me immediately to shut up. He looked scared. He told me, he did not want to know what I had saw. This is a national security issue. He said, "please sign these papers, for both of us."
"If you do not sign these papers, you will go with those people, outside my office." "You really don't want to go with those people." I asked if I could get a copy, of these papers, he shook his head. I told him, I am signing these papers under duress and protest. I signed them. Several weeks later I got a remote assignment, to go overseas. I have no reason to make up a story, like this. I am a highly decorated veteran, that held some very high security clearances. I never believed in UFO's until I had this strange encounter.
