{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-18 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495894","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63526","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2760,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/894/mufon-5495894.json","updb_database_id":5495894}
Blinking multi coloured lights on orb close to airport

I live close to the airport and very near one of the runways. We see planes take off and land all the time. Seeing lights in the sky is nothing new in this area because of the airport. At about 8:15 pm on February 18, 2015 I just happened to look out my back window and saw a very bright blinking orb in the sky which was very different from the lights of the planes. It was about 300 meters away from my position, directly in front of me and about a mile up in the sky. I watched this object fly very slowly toward the northeast. It stopped in place and then turned right but only traveled in a southeast direction for a couple of seconds then turned back northeast. It travelled northeast very slowly for a couple of minutes then turned left toward the northwest. It travelled northwest for a few seconds then back northeast. It was either moving very slowly or it was stopped all together, but never moved quickly. After watching this for about 10 minutes it only moved maybe 200 or 300 meters. As I was watching it I noticed that the planes were circling around to the east instead of coming in for a landing, as if they were in a holding pattern. There were 4 planes in the sky around the edge of the city that I could see from my position and they were all following each other from west to east. Then I saw the police helicopter with its green light fly towards the object from the direction of the airport. When the helicopter got within 100 meters from the object all of a sudden the lights went out and the object was gone. I didn't see it leave, like there was no streak of light and I couldn't see the orb fly away. It just disappeared. The police helicopter flew right by where the orb was last seen. It flew around in the general area for a few minutes then I didn't see it anymore. A few minutes later the planes started landing again. I was surprised to see all the social media hype about a crashed u.f.o. on an Indian Reserve in northern Manitoba. My husband said I should report what I saw to someone because it occurred on the same night as the alleged crash up north with heavy military presence.
