{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-09-12 02:36:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465894","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94855","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3091,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/894/mufon-5465894.json","updb_database_id":5465894}
i saw UFO not just one but 12 ships everything was take 1 hour and 30 min

good afternoon , last night i wake up beacouse of the noise outside . I saw some light not one but 2 it was so noisy . The light was red change it for a green , they waiting for something they flying and make it like a circul all and around then one of them stop another one was came he make a huge light from red to green and it was looks like a white one very storng , when this was flight another one came still that 2 was waiting . when i thing everything was finish i still can hear the noise but i couldn't see nothing then from other side left side i saw againe a light it was looks so fare away but it wasn't the light going againe so strong a this time it was looks like a cigar the privious one the shape was triangle some of them was looks like a disc . You can saw them very close they flight on lower hight . Evrything was looks like they waiting for someone special . When realy one big ship was arrive evrything was change . It was looks like they comunicated using the lights one of them turn realy strong red colour another was was flashing with green one . when both flight but in diffrente directiones just 4th more arrive and go to the same directiones but one go to diffrent way .
everything start at 2;36 in night time and finish around 4 oclock .

this is not the first time when i saw ship . but this is first time when i saw something like this , please you maybe thing people are crazy writing something like this but the point is how ever was there was special this 2 first ship was make it like a patrol and stop in some point in the air flashing using lighs , make it a huge noise . i hope iam not just the only person who see that . for some reason this was looks spectacular show . clear sky and 12 ships with diffrent sizes and looking .
