{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-01 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514382","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43841","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2299,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/382/mufon-5514382.json","updb_database_id":5514382}
(GS) I we lay in bed I looked out the window towards the south east sky and saw this weird flickering color changing lighted orb. It was not a star, planet, satellite or the Space Station according to my phone app that allows you to detect these things.

My wife had just washed our drapes and since they were not completely dry she didn1t put them up yet. Our bedroom is a second floor bedroom so didn1t really matter as far as our privacy goes. So when we went to bed that night with no drapes on the window we were able to look out the window with no obstruction of view. It was a clear night that evening and it was around 11:00pm. As I we lay in bed I looked out the window towards the south east sky and saw this weird flickering color changing lighted orb. It was not a star, planet, satellite or the Space Station according to my phone app that allows you to detect these things. I found this object very interesting so I hopped out of bed and fire up my video camera. And this is the 3 minute video I shot of the weird lighted object in the sky. This thing morphed into weird shapes and disappeared and reappeared and went on for a couple hours it always stayed in the same general area but it did jump around making it tricky to video tape. I wish I would have used a tripod instead of free handing it. At times it reminds me of those electrified glass globs at radio shack that when you touch them a electrical splash of lighting hits the glass where you fingers our touching. This video is compressed for the internet but the quality is still good and I have the untouched original.
