{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-21 19:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498382","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60809","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2876,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/382/mufon-5498382.json","updb_database_id":5498382}
{rjl} Saw 3 weird lights flashing in a pattern, forming triangle The second they disappeared 2 sets of 3 huge orange lights appeared, ea. in a boomerang pattern. They hovered, zoomed, showed up behind us, then disappeared. This is the 2nd. sighting here.

We were headed home from a friends house, around 7:50pm. The sky was very clear, and you could see many stars. I noticed what appeared to be 3 planes, flying oddly close to each other. Two were blinking rapidly in a bluish/green color, and the 3rd. in bright white. After observing for about a minute I realized that they were all moving together, and formed a triangle pattern. The blinking of the lights went from one to the next, to the next. As I was pointing it out to my 9 year old daughter, they vanished. A moment later they were replaced by two sets of huge orange lights. Each set had 3 lights in it, in a straight line. They hovered, and then moved independently from each other. My husband was driving in a vehicle ahead of me, and as my daughter and I were remarking about the lights and trying to figure out what they may be, my husband started backing down the road toward us. It was apparent that he'd seen them as well and was trying to get a better look. About that time they descended rapidly toward the tree line, and then disappeared. My husband began to drive off, and I looked all around for the lights. They were now directly behind my in my review mirror. I floored the car in fear and when I looked in the review mirror again they had disappeared. This is the second time we've seen lights like this in this area. The first was a few months ago, and about a mile west of this sighting. The lights that time were also huge and orange, but moved in a "leapfrog" type pattern, with no more than two lights visable at a time. Then they sped off faster than any plane could ever go. Directly after that, to the southeast, I saw a blue light shoot up from the ground, or possibly one of our many lakes in the area (there are like 60 of them), and then disappear. This was back at the end of June or beginning of July, so we've blamed it on odd fireworks this whole time, but I've never seen any sort of fireworks like that, and there are woods where we saw the orange lights, so there shouldn't have been fireworks.
