{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-18 06:51:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508382","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50106","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3172,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/382/mufon-5508382.json","updb_database_id":5508382}
Taking a picture of clouds in the morning as a thunderstorm had fizzled out.

8-18-2013 at 6:51 AM, I was taking pictures of the sunrise and the clouds of a thunderstorm which was traveling down the San Joaquin valleys east side along the foothills towards our area Clovis Ca earlier in the morning that was dissipating. When I downloaded the pictures to the computer I noticed I had caught 3 objects in the sky. My first thought was I had caught something that I couldnt explain but looked to me that I had captured 3 UFOS but of what? Since its a still picture you have to look at it to see what I am talking about. Then after looking at the second picture which I took like 5-10 seconds later, just to the right of the objects in the first photo, I noticed 4 faint black dots in the second picture. When I was taking the pictures I didn't see or hear any birds,jets, airplanes, helicopters, nothing. After I had seen the photos I contacted and showed the picture to a Sanger California paranormal radio talk show host Jeffery Gonzales, showed him the pictures and he didn't know what they were? I was really excited that I might have captured real UFOS but without the proper photo enhancing equipment I cant sit here honestly and say what they are. All I know is that I would like to know what I had captured in these 2 pictures and if they are explained to be something else then what I feel, thats fine with me. Thats why I am contacting Mufon. If Mufon has there doubts then I assume I will hear from you. I feel that before you come to a conclusion you make sure what you say has to be supported and proved before saying anything. The camera I used is a Olympus fe-230 7.1 digital camera and I did not use the zoom when taking these shots. My daughter tried to enhance the first picture so there will be 2 pictures of the first shot I took. The second picture I only have the picture without enhancement. The second photo if you look above the 3rd tree on the right side of the picture, right above it you can faintly see 4 black dots? I assume then these objects were moving North to South from where I was standing. I have no idea what I caught but do I believe in UFOs? Yes I do and love to investigate all stories, photos and video people show.
