{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-06-05 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512382","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45939","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4930,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/382/mufon-5512382.json","updb_database_id":5512382}
{nd} Fluid/Teardrop like object, hovered over mine and a friends heads.

I was about 11 or 12 years old and it was late afternoon in the summer. Nava and I had been playing hide and seek in her parents1 home when her mother told us we were making to much noise and that we had to go outside to play. So we ran out the front door, to the drive way where we had been drawing with chalk. We must have sat there at least an hour because about now the drive was full of pictures we had made, and we were nearly sitting on the street drawing. 

A shadow came over us and the drive way, so we looked at each other and then looked up. What we saw was; a large nearly car sized, teardrop, metallic, reflective, solid/but fluid like object hovering on feet above our head. It wasn1t scary just confusing, curiosity was high, and I actually felt comforted. Like it wanted us to touch it, the bottom seemed to pulse like when you shake a glass of water and it gets ripples. We both stood up, and I am sure my mouth was wide open, I had chalk in my hand that I dropped. As I dropped the chalk the object went straight up in the air now it was just above the trees and it was no longer pulsing. 

Nava and I looked at each other and the object turned with the smaller side of the tear drop pointing like SE, then we looked back up at it. And it took off moving faster, with the blue sky wrapping around it and the white clouds in the sky the reflection made it nearly invisible. We could just make out the metallic outline as it flew behind a cloud. And Nava said 1Where1d it go?1 and then it reappeared only for a moment above the cloud like it was looking back at us. Then it did a turn to the south and was off again. 

We then began screaming, me at the top of my lungs and Nava for her Mom. Her parents, her mom and dad came out and asked 1What1s wrong what1s wrong.1 Which I could barely hear over my own screaming, Nava was crying and pointing to the sky. And finally it was like I just stopped and said it flew over there and we tried desperately to explain what we had just saw. 

Her Mother said 1I think you all have played enough today1 and her dad told me to go right home. And I took off running home I didn1t even wipe the chalk from my hands and I ran in the door and was telling my mom in a panic what had happened and what we had saw. She had me go was my hands and sit in the living room. I could hear her calling Nava1s parents. Mom came back in the room and said that Nava1s dad said they might be testing weather balloons or something at the University and that we shouldn1t worry about it.  

Nava and I played together after that but things were different it1s like we wanted to talk about it and what had happened but couldn1t. Things just felt weird between us and we both became or like loners, studying more, practicing instruments, and more serious children.  

----
 
1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? 
	Playing with sidewalk chalk at a friend1s home.

2. What made you first notice the object?
	A shadow was casted across us on a pretty clear day.

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?
    I didn1t really think about the object other then I wanted to touch it and was curious. It wasn1t threatening or scary. I actually felt confused, comforted, and curious.

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.
    Teardrop, metallic, reflective, smooth, (solid yet fluid like), no visible lights or hard body shape. Just a smooth tear form. It seemed like the point of the tear was the front and it got thicker and rounder in the back. It seems like they could see us but we couldn1t really see them through the pulsing bottom. Also the front of the tear drop seemed to be more liquid and clear like. 

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.
	While it was there: we had no fear, calm, curious, shocked, and confused.
    When it left: really confused, shocked, and scared just because we couldn1t explain it and make anyone understand.

6. How did you lose sight of the object?
    First lost sight because it seemed to fly under a cloud and then up through it. It then peeked out above the cloud.
    Second time we lost sight because of the trees and houses across the street.
