{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1956-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485382","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74357","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2914,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/382/mufon-5485382.json","updb_database_id":5485382}
Flight path of Circular object

During the 1050's the towns paper of where I lived often reported UFO activity info. supplied by a USAAF base not far from town. If anyone who lives in that area now can access the archives of the Warrington Guardian Lancashire (now Cheshire) it may be possible to check them out, As a teen in those days I was highly interested in aircraft and as we often saw many remaining war time types and the American ones based at the base I came to be quite proficient in Identifying all types. The area was awash with many aspects of aircraft as a land base naval air stations with Woodford, Manchester 18 miles away where the Vulcan bomber was produced and we often saw the different Marks cruising low over head, a thing they could do in those times.As a 16 yr old I often rode my bicycle and one day as I left home and passing through a North facing gap between the lines of terraced homes, which afforded me an extended Northern aspect I watched astride my cycle as it flew by. As it passed to the North at around 1000ft some way below the widely spaced cotton ball clouds on a calm summer day an object appeared from behind an easterly placed cloud. This object passed over me at around 2000ft just above or level with the clouds as if it was observing the Vulcan.. It silently, though the remaining rumble of the Vulcan's engines in the distance could reflect in this, moved at a speed of around 200mph giving me enough time to study its details. Its circular approx. 80ft dia was pearl like in texture translucent, and slightly shaded to the center as if it was convex or concave..It them passed behind another cloud from which it never emerged though I waited for some mins. During the 1970's at my then Sydney, Australian home, I would lay back on the porch during the evenings and after a while my eyes would focus on points of light seemingly high in the stratosphere passing too and fro, some stopping and reversing their path, a continuous curious strange activity. I recall the the when on the top deck of a ship passing through the Mediterranean at dusk seeing mans first space ship put up by the Russians low over the horizon. Since the early days I have met many people who have told me of their experiences which I know have never been reported and passed into the sands of time without recognition.
