{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-07-04 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472382","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88039","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2532,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/382/mufon-5472382.json","updb_database_id":5472382}
{cak} They came in from the east, the west, the north and the south to line up with a stationary red sphere and depart at a break neck speed into the future using

Me and my wife and our family friend were coming back from a bad day fishing at the Wilmington Jetty in North Carolina when on interstate 40 going west when we saw five spherical orb's white in color at first come in from all directions with what I call sparklers coming out of the back side of them as they moved. It looked like the 4th of July but with now red non-sparkling exhaust admitting from they rear direction. They came from the east, the west, the north and the south to line up with a stationary red sphere that had been there the whole time and depart at a break neck speed into the future using exponential propulsion on a parabolic curve.
before they lined up it looked like they were children play tag or something as they showed intelligence and happiness playing in the air.
once they slowed down and locked in on the invisible deck, it was all business from there for within 5 seconds they began a trip into a worm hole of time created by their 5 ships being locked together and projecting themselves forward. "Swish" is the best word to verbally explain how fast they were gone down a projected parabolic path. each time-frame-step meeting the other at a faster exponential speed until they were a thought in the future and disappeared. 
the Hog Truck that was doing about 75mph was now beside me doing about 30mph with our mouths wide opened. I knew they were not Helicopters because I saw the Fort Bragg inventory daily so I said "What for make them lights do like that? and Macie, our family friend said I wasn't going to say nothing!" I stopped by a Burger stand and ask a Sheriff if anyone had reported any lights in the sky in Clinton NC, he asked me had I been drinking? We were in shock for about 3 months before we could even talk about it.
