{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-06-01 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491526","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68040","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2707,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/526/mufon-5491526.json","updb_database_id":5491526}
{cak} Hovered over the valley for a few minutes moved away then dissapeared

I was sitting on my bed looking out at the sky and valley seen from our home on a hill when I was 11 years old. My bedroom window over looked thousands of trees that surrounded our home that was located in a country neighborhood. I did this almost every evening before bed. My eyes were up at the stars then I caught a site out of the corner of my eye. When I saw this the giant SHIP hovering silently which seemed just a few feet away from our house I froze unable to take my eye's away. It was not a smooth surface or anything like the silver pictures most see on tv or in tabloids. It was of a copper/brown tone with things poking upward from the top and round and somewhat flat. I could not see the bottom as it was hovering just a few feet over the tree's that I looked down onto from our hill. It was like we were starring at each other face to face. It began flashing lights in a calming and beautiful pattern. I did not hear a single thing with my ears, but in my mind I heard a tone with the lights. A song. And not sure if this was a smart or stupid thing I did next, but out of reflex I wanted my brothers and parents to see this amazing thing. I turned my head and screamed, "Mom, a spaceship!!!" I turned back to look at it again, this time it was drifting away (still close to tree tops). I heard the stomping feet of my excited little brother racing to see and turned saying, "Hurry!". When I turned back it flew extremely fast at an up and over angle in the Southwest direction then disappeared right as my family all came rushing in at once. Everyone was excited, but sadly no one else saw this event. They all groaned and turned out mumbling things. I still remember the details, however, after about 10 years the song faded from memory. There was a repeated pattern of lights with a hum of calming tones that I wish I could still remember. Spiritually, I am touched because that was my time of night where I prayed to be free from that small town, to travel, to explore. What better visit then from another planet.
