{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-09-01 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456526","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105063","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5474,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/526/mufon-5456526.json","updb_database_id":5456526}
{cak} 2 nights, same time, same TR3B each night but different number

Its hard to give a detailed description of an even that took place years ago only as far as time and dates. But I have ways of finding out. This is what I remember. I remember it was in the early 90s. My parents were getting central air conditioning installed within our house for the first time. This was the last night the people installing it would be there as they were almost finished. I remember it was late summer because the fields surrounding our house had just been harvested and it was just cool enough that I wanted to go outside at night and stare at the stars in my Garfield sleeping bag. So that's what I did. I went out front and laid back against the brick walls of our house beside the attached garage looking out at the glow of the lights from the next town over "Edenton". As I stared out at the stars, I suddenly noticed 6 lights coming from the direction of Edenton, towards our house. I watched thinking it was probably some military helicopters going to one of the bases nearby. I kept watching till they got close.....and I noticed nothing. No noise, dead silence. At this point I knew this was not Helicopters or a plane because with as low as they were...there would have to be SOME noise. So I ran to the back yard where my mothers art studio was because I knew my parents and the air condition installers were because they were also my parents friends and they were just chillin. I ran up and told them what I was seeing and that they had to see it. So we all ran out to the front of the house and watched them fly over. There were 2 of them and we could make out they were triangle in shape because you could see the stars disappear behind them and because the hulls were darker than the night sky.;They could only have been going maybe 3 or 4 mph. Very very low, around 50 feet, and they had to be bigger than a football field in size. There was absolutely no noise. We all stood there in disbelief. One was in front and the other trailing behind just a bit and off to the right "but to my left from ground view". I remember I ran inside to get some binocs thinking I would be able to see something, but when I did I also took note of what time it was. I remembered that time for years but have lately forgotten. I believe it was around 9 or 10pm EST. Anyway I ran back outside to try and see anything with the binocs, but I just couldn't focus on them. I gave up and just watched them with my parents and their friends.

The next night I told my dad that just for shits n giggles that I was gonna go back outside at the same exact time I saw them last night and just see if I see them again. He said okay and to let him know if I did. So I went back outside with my sleeping bag and did exactly what I had done the night before. Low and behold, at the -exact- same time, they reappeared. Same exact path....with one exception. There were now 3. Two were in the same formation as before, but a third was waaaay off to the right "my left from ground" And I say formation because by this time I was deep into anything that had to do with flying, the Navy, Jets, models of Jets, Top Gun...if it flew then I knew all about it, thus I knew about formations. And what was odd is that it seemed they were in a formation. But these craft made no sound, flew very slow, were very low, and absolutely huge. And...both times even though I was completely amazed....I felt....dread. Horrified. Just absolute.....I dont even know how to describe it fully. Just complete darkness in every sense of the word. And I want to say this, these were not the only times I have seen UFOs on East Bear Swamp rd where I used to live. There were 2 other times as well. But this was the only time I had multiple witnesses that I can still get a hold of. And by all means, if you want more detail, or you want to hear the other encounters, just ask. I will be glad to talk to anyone. I have been trying to get a hold of someone to investigate my sightings for years. This is my last ditch hope to get a response from someone. After this I just can't bare to type the encounter again. lol I even went as far as to get drone footage of where it took place. I am a licensed drone pilot with a 4k camera drone. The house we lived in is still there so I can recreate exactly what happened. The only reason I am here making one last effort is because I learned of Mufon through the show Ancient Aliens and Hanger 1. I actually hope this time someone will ask me something or interview me about it. I dont care about being on tv or anything, just want to give as much information as I can and help any way I can. That night I saw the ufos, I swore I would name my daughter Orion if I ever had a daughter. And I did just that. So that way something good, and something to remind me would come out of it all.
