{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-08-17 10:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519526","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37372","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4404,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/526/mufon-5519526.json","updb_database_id":5519526}
round or near round silver but non reflective even in bright sunny cloudless sky

I saw something during the day, maybe in 1998, on opening day of PNE. Weather was clear blue sky with no clouds in sight. In the distance a float plane could be heard and seen flying over Burrard inlet at my 12 oclock with the North shore in the background.The plane would be approximately 45 degrees off the horizon.We were all waiting for the rope to drop and let us into the PNE Playland,and I was watching the Hell a Vator ride being tested by staff.

While looking up, way up, with solar tinted prescription eyeglasses on, I watched a silver but non reflective orb hover near motionless for about twenty minutes. for a split second it just looked like a lost balloon..but it didn't take but a few seconds to figure out it was way too high to be a balloon..at the height it appeared to be at...the size of it would have to been closer to a Volkswagen than a balloon..this orb at my 10 oclock was maybe twice the altitude as the float plane? The orb was practically right over top of us.I could tell the orb was near motionless as I used the top of the Hell a Vator ride as my compass needle.The orb just hung there.not really moving up or down or varying much in attitude from left to right.

I think if I didn't have solar tinted lenses on that day the shear brightness of the blue sky that day would have obscured it , and I hadn't had about a 20 story high reference point(hella vator is 200ft high at least) to take a bearing off of I wouldn't have been able to track it.I t only took about ten seconds to realize I was watching something very very different.

Weirdest part of this story is I really believe it became aware of me watching it, watching the thousands of PNE fun goers waiting to get into the park.It acknowledged me..telepathically?..knew I was watching...and was actually pretty casual about my watching it.Ok, now hang on..listen to this..almost immediately after I sensed it was aware of me, it was like I was being, not scanned, but identified,( maybe like the facial identification technology we have now?). 

It knew who I was, by my name!! and seemed happy it was me that spotted them (I got the sense there was at least two distinct independent beings or whatever they were either in the orb or connecting through the orb, or even both..I know sounding weirder by the moment right. (kind of makes me think of the drone planes we use now) 

I was in amazement that no one around me saw it..but I was so passive and mellow from my connection to this thing I didn't want to 'betray' it by pointing it out to others around me.It was like the orb was saying to me ;SHHH, don't tell anybody, its all good, were just here to document and observe'...

All I can say is that wave of euphoria ran through me, I was calm,like I would imagine a person would feel like if in the presence of an Angel.The orb was also calm and while aware of me and acknowledging me, not concerned with me...and there was no mistaking that it was not only aware of me...it(they) was glad to connect.

I should have been scared @#$%e less..but it was one of the most spiritual like moments I have had in my life. it clear that it was there to observe and was no threat...I lost sight of it after the gates opened and the large crowd swept me and my three small children into the park.

I was never panicked, was ok with moving along and not maintaining a watch on it, and was happy all day long, with no need or desire to tell anyone what I had just experienced. I didn't speak of this for about a year afterwards, and have only mentioned it to a few friends and family in the years since.Im still cool with it, it doesn't upset, excite or worry me, and I look at the experience with some detachment.True story.
