{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-07-10 06:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482526","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77430","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2803,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/526/mufon-5482526.json","updb_database_id":5482526}
object 1-3 ft diameter hovering over empty house next-door with greenish light display with no sound. ascended straight up at incredible rate.

Between 5:55-6:30 a.m. My mother, brother (age 7 at the time), and myself (age 3 at the time). We were walking out our back door in the morning. (downtown lincolnton, NC. at the time these neighborhoods were and still are very populated, although peppered with trees and shrubs from one house to the next.) 
Object seemed to be waiting for us as we walked out our screen door from back porch area. As we stopped my mother said "what is that!?." We all three stopped in silence (my mother holding me in her arms.) No sounds, only the shining lights that seemed to pulsate around the mid-section of the object. We were not frightened and as for myself only felt curiosity at its presence. Its hard for me to remember what exactly set it in motion to leave us. As it left it made a slight movement upward with one end of the object followed by an ascension of impossible speed (I do not know of any vehicles/objects that could reach such speeds to current date.) The object left us so quickly that it seemed to completely disappear in the blink of an eye (leaving a trail in my eye leading upward). I felt curious afterwards still, I have always been intrigued by such activities and phenomenon. I notice that most people fail to simply look up and its a shame that people do not have more experiences like this-maybe they would think and see life differently. I suppose I was fortunate enough to have such a close interaction, and yet I ask myself...."why were we so special?" I have been more recently intrigued by witnessing more distant phenomenon in our upper atmosphere by continuing observing our skies. As a result I have turned to do more studying on the subject and have also began taking pointers from certain individuals in the "Disclosure" field and have been working on my meditation techniques-with results significant enough for me to continue this path. I encourage any and everyone to get out there and find your own truth-God Bless!

And for the record I am formally educated having attained an associates, bachelor, and masters degree ;-)
