{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-05 03:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530526","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24952","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2520,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/526/mufon-5530526.json","updb_database_id":5530526}
Gigantic compared to a plane in the sky, absolutely silent, flew extremely low and kept going until I couldn't see it anymore.

The aircraft was triangular, with a triangular light at each of the tips. It flew in from the south, heading north and made a slight banking maneuver but continued on it's course. It flew sooooo low, I really didn't even believe what i was seeing. It was absolutely silent but was very bright, but plain as day. I was standing In my driveway smoking a cigarette as I usually do about this time of night before bed, I like seeing shooting stars and lately, have noticed a lot of what appeared to be stars or satellites so I was just out watching like normal. The thing appeared out of nowhere and really almost gave me a heart attack. This thing was much faster than a plane flying overhead. It was so fast it appeared to leave tracers in its path. My heart about jumped out of my chest and I really don't even know what to think anymore, about anything! I called the FAA because that's the only thing I could think of, and the guy said he would get in touch with the local FAA or whoever and see what was going on. I am so freaked out right now, I really think I need to talk to someone or something, I just think they would think I was crazy for what I saw. I 100% know that I saw it. I have never beem more sure about anything before in my life. I even ran along the tree line so I could watch it for as long as I could. It just happened so fast, I had no time to do anything except for yell "OH MY GOD! PLEASE TELL ME THIS ISNT HAPPENING AND THIS IS FAKE" but I know it wasn't and infact, within a few short minutes, I saw an airplane flying in the vacinity of the craft almost as if they were up there looking for something, Please get back to me and tell me I wasn't the only one who saw that. There is no possible way that I was the only person in this whole state that was looking up at that time.
