{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-17 09:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508526","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49950","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3090,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/526/mufon-5508526.json","updb_database_id":5508526}
{kt}Silver, reflective object with a red light sitting in the road. Thought it was a police car but disappeared.

I was driving west on a hilly road north of Ionia heading toward M66. At the top of a hill I saw a silver, reflective object sitting in the road maybe 1,000 ft ahead. I thought it looked like it was sitting off the north side of the road. It appeared to have a red light flashing on the top, however the reflecting light was very bright and made it difficult to tell. I thought it was a police car. I lost sight going down hill and saw it again maybe 30 secs later when I crested the next hill. This time I saw it for a longer period of time and it appeared to be sitting stationary in the middle of the road. I was closer but having a harder time telling if it had a flashing red light. I still thought it was a police car and wondering if it was blocking the road. It was between me and 66. There was no road to turn off on between me and 66. I went down the hill again and when I came up it was gone. Then I came up the next hill and I was where it had been sitting. Id guess it was roughly a minute between where I lost sight of it and when I reached where it was sitting. I saw nothing a police car would be blocking the road for and I had a straight, clear view down the rest of the road (about 2,000-2,500 ft), all the way to 66 and saw no cars. If it turned off, it would have to be in someones driveway and I didn't see it in anyones driveway. I suppose it is possible it could have reached the end of the road and turned by then. I was still trying to figure out where the police car went when I saw a big metal pole barn on the south side of the road with all its doors open. In it was a big black truck with red tail lights (I thought they were glowing) sitting in the barn. I thought "Oh, I must have seen that truck". Within a few seconds a tree blocked my view and when I saw the barn again, it was full of green farm machinery and a man was standing out front who I didn't see before. No black truck, nothing that looked like a black truck, or even looked like red tail lights. At this point, I was a little freaked and started thinking about the police car. The state police vehicles are dark blue and I was not close enough to any city that it was likely to be their car. Also the light I saw only flashed red and not blue. I would hate to report a police car sighting but this seemed odd to me. I can give a more accurate location, but I don't want to submit it publicly.
