{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1963-02-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5179268","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"8myfsi","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5179268,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
UFO Hovers Over Missile BatteryFran Ridge:
Feb. 5, 1963; near Charlottesville, Virginia
11:45 p.m. Returning to Pennsylvania from Danville, Virginia (near
Charlottesville, Virginia, about 95 miles SW of Washington, D.C.) Carl
Chambers noticed a star like light, and soon realize it was moving
toward his plane. After noting that its altitude and position changed
rapidly, he radioed the Washington FAA and reported the incident. For
nearly an hour after,
they stayed in contact with Washington. During that time, the object
hovered off the right wing [easterly] and moved toward, under, and
above
the aircraft. Then it dropped off and a few minutes later appeared
about 35 miles south of Washington, where it seemingly hovered over a
missile defense base. From that position and less than a half-minute
later it reappeared some 10 or 15 miles north of the capital. FAA
tower personnel confirmed to Chambers that they had received a similar
report from another pilot in the area at the same time (after
midnight). The object had
an intermittent yellow-white glow, and at its closest point appeared to
be about three feet in diameter. Sighting not listed by Blue Book, but
theday prior there is a report of someone mistaking "Vega" for a UFO
over
Montebello, VA - see BB doc below. (Signed report in NICAP files; UFO
Evidence, Section 5, page 43)

Dan Wilson:
There was a Nike site (W-64) at Lorton, Virginia which is
approximately 17 miles SSW of Washington DC. This site contained
missiles armed with nuclear warheads. Lorton Nike Missile Site Marker
Inscription: "Located north of here was one of three Nike anti-aircraft
missile complexes in Fairfax County operated by the U.S. Army and the
Army National Guard between 1954 and 1974. The sites were established
during the Cold War to defend Washington from Soviet air attack. This
complex, along with those at Great Falls and Fairfax, was among
thirteen Nike sites that surrounded Washington and Baltimore. The ring
of Nike sites was reminiscent of the perimeter of forts that protected
the capital during the Civil War. This was the only Nike complex in
Fairfax County containing missiles armed with nuclear warheads. It
served as a model site for visits by foreign dignitaries. Erected 1994
by Department of Historic Resources. (Marker Number E 97.)"

Detailed reports and documents
bb/NARA-PBB1-284 (BB doc, Fran Ridge)
articles/630206charlottesville_article.htm (Dan
Wilson)
reports/630206charlottesville_report.htm (Dan Wilson)
