{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-10-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524939","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30869","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3555,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/939/mufon-5524939.json","updb_database_id":5524939}
a round ball of bright light flying very low on house roof, came towards me, stopped and fly off very fast.

This event took place in clear sky night in Granada, Nicaragua in the year '94. I was in my junior year of high school.
It was late at night around 11-12pm, because I never went to bed before midnight. The house was dark because everyone had gone to bed, but it was a clear sky night with some moon light ( I cant remember if it was full, or new, etc).As It is typical for houses in this city to have a spanish architectural style. Therefore the house had four corridors around a center courtyard, So, you could observe a perfect beautiful clear sky night from the conform from one of the corridors, where I was sitting talking to one of my girlfriends on the phone.
There I was sitting in a rocking chair facing the sky and watching the stars, as my friend and I where talking just trivial stuff. All of the sudden this light comes out from the left side of the roof as it came from the east, in a random zig zag flying movement. My friend was telling me some story while I cant believe my eyes, all i remember is a frozen momentum, i couldn't hear anything, I all my senses where concentrated in what i was looking at, it was so surreal!!. After I was out of breath for a long second, I started saying my friends name, over and over, and over....with a bit of pauses in between.
while I go out of breath and call her name, this light comes out flying from the east into my courtyard and makes a quick stop under the rooftop of the corridor where I'm sitting. Yeah, that makes the distance of this strange object to where I was about 20 feet away.!!! This light was white and very bright, you couldn't see a edge, just light. This light was the size of a softball, and it seem as if was light in weight, but gave the impression that it had some type of a dense texture, even though you couldn't see it because it was so bright.
Thing strange light made a pause right in front of me, as if it had been cruising and when saw me flew faster towards me and made an abrupt stop, 20 feet away, for a few seconds and took off so fast that all i saw was the flash of the light it left behind. My friend by this time was asking me what, what's going on, and calling me name, while I just said her name. As I was coming out of shock, my thoughts came back to me, as I had gone blank during this time, I told her very quick what happened but I think she though i was joking around, I didn't give it much importance either if she believed me or not at the moment, because I all wanted was to hang up the phone and go to my room.!! It didn't even give me time to panic, after or before, I was just to shocked to believe what had just happened. I think if my friend hadn't confirmed with me next day that I talked to her and I kept calling her name and told her some crazy story about a ball of light. I probably would be thinking It was a dream so real, i though it was real.
