{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-08 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290939","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112399","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4761,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/939/mufon-5290939.json","updb_database_id":5290939}
Valentine 1 Radar detector remote wilderness road indicated 1 then 2 then 3, and 4 objects.

(Exact location and occupation details have been moved to Investigators report section/cms/LLL) to check waters. On the way in, the last 12 miles of road off the highway 77, my radar detector indicated completely out of place detected signals.    On the drive in there was one registered signal.  I stopped and backed up to see if I was receiving a neighbors motion detector signal. I was 1/4 of a mile from 1st neighbor. Nothing was detected from backing up to re-align with potential source of signal. 

There were no other signals after the first one.  I completed my tasks and drove home. The detector was still on. Its remote display is low on the center console plugged into the 12v. Cig. Accessory.  As I drove home along the narrow dirt canyon road with the Aravaipa stream on my left, I began to get radar targets again.

This time there were multiple radar signatures according to the display of the V1.Gen1. First 1 in front of my vehicle, then behind, then 2 behind then 1 on the side, then one in front, 1 on the side and 2 on the back. A total of four  It was really interesting. The signals occurred for about 3 miles and I was probably traveling 30 miles per hour. I stopped on the dirt road just to get my iPhone to record my radar detectors display and the signals stopped being displayed immediately. .  I continued to drive home and there was one additional audio beep tone 1/4 of a mile further, but nothing displayed on the Valentine one remote display. The time of the recording, when the detector stopped was  I did not read what frequency.\, K, X, etc, or strength the detector was registering.  The canyon is very narrow and it was impressive how the indicator on the V1 was jumping around and lighting up 3 of its direction arrow indicators. 

I have considered transmission options including home security systems, vehicles with low quality "leaking" radar detectors, a vehicle with blind spot monitoring, or a radar jammer. I know vehicles with CD players can trigger the V1's laser detection. The laser detection has a different sound and doesn't count the number of radar signatures,There were no other vehicle at all on the road. There were multiple signals continuously over several miles of road.  This area is extremely remote.  I was surprised and impressed the source of the signals disappeared almost as soon as I turned my phone on to record. 

I have seen this a few times before, maybe 3 times in 15 years. But only 1 signal.  I had assumed it was a neighbor in the extremely rural neighborhoods home security or maybe a military training drone.

There are two nearby AFBs, Davis Monthan in Tucson and Luke in Phoenix, as well as the Army's Fort Huachuca. Wild guess, they are flying / training drone pilots. I know we are in a region of air space that includes military training corridors towards the Goldwater proving grounds. If our technology is that good and going dark, that is awesome.   I have a video on my iPhone of nothing, just the vehicle driving and the display doing nothing and I am not going to waist your time attaching that.  However I'm am going to assemble a rechargeable backpack with a V1 Gen 2 & the JBV1 app on android with a screen record /DVR to capture potential future frequency data.   

My radar detector beeped again a final time on the way home alerting me to the highway patrol's parked suv next to the Oracle Ford dealership.

I highly suspect is is local technology as I would be surprised if the microwave bands utilization is that wide spread and utilized over other detection systems? Mw.do travel fast at 186,000 miles per second,

Region History :Aravaipa canyon is a remote wilderness area with a running stream year round. The topography is very uneven, with the main canyon and side canyons and adjacent mountains. The area geologically is the western edge of a caldera with aqueous springs 11 miles upstream supplying the water. The elevation ranges from 2600 feet to 4500 feet. Our grazing land has numerous dirt water tanks and storage tanks providing waters to livestock.
