{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493939","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65562","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2535,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/939/mufon-5493939.json","updb_database_id":5493939}
{cak} Trajectory was NW to SE, sharp turn W and crashed into a mountain. Half the mountain was gone

I was a long haul driver for a company in Anchorage Alaska. My job required early days and late nights.

I am also a Veteran and trained observer, but to this day I am not sure what I saw.

I was on the road heading out and just pasted Portage glacier when over my left should was a bright light. I kept driving but also watching it at the same time. It was just a giant fireball, red and yellow flames, but no smoke, no trailing at all. It didnt seem to be moving all that fast but was in an obvious descent. As I was entering the mountains is where I saw it take a sharp turn Westward and crashed into a mountain. 

The crashed occurred appx 30 minutes West of Summit Lake Lodge. From where I was, it took me 40 mins to get close enough on the highway to Actually see the mountain kinda close up, and half the mountain was gone. Im not talking a small hill, this was a mountain at least 3 or 4 thousand feet high, and the entire east side of the mountain was basically gone.

There was debris of all kinds, trees, rocks, boulders, scatter everywhere.

By the time I got there, the US Army was on site, Helicopters were everywhere, armed soldiers everywhere.There was also non military present. 

Traffic was at a standstill till the bull dozers were brought in, clearing the highway seemed to be a priority for the Army. 

At around 10 AM the roads were cleared and at this point alot of traffic was backed up. They made a point of telling people to keep moving and do not get out the their vehicles, or be subject to arrest.

At around noon I arrived in Seward Alaska, where I was supposed to deliver the linen I was carrying to the Princess Cruise lines. I missed the ship, it left 2 hours before.

What really strikes me about this incident is that it never made the news, not local, not newspapers, not anything that I saw,
