{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-03-13 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457939","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103613","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4843,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/939/mufon-5457939.json","updb_database_id":5457939}
{rjl} Phoenix Lights, and two other very strange sightings in the daytime in 1997.

Thank you for taking the time to read this story, I am now 39 years, and when this took place, I was only 17 years old. However, I've been compelled to tell this story publicly. Only close friends, family and eyewitnesses who have heard my story or were personally there understand what I am about to confess. Phoenix Arizona between March 13th and May 23rd of 1997 In that time I experienced three UFO sightings, two of which were in daylight in downtown Phoenix hovering above skyscrapers and moving sporadically and in the early morning hours a month after the Phoenix LIghts, but let me start with the beginning.

On March 13th of 1997 I was on a Greyhound bus coming from Ohio, I was absolutely intrigued by the Palm trees. It was night time after I entered the city, I remember being on a commercial road where there were lots of businesses, and shops, mall like atmosphere, or strip plazas if you will. Looking up at the palm trees I noticed a light, at first I thought maybe it was one of those helicopters, something like a police or news helicopter, afterall coming from Ohio what else would it have been? I thought to myself well that's just the kind of thing that happens out west until after about two minutes of staying in the exact spot with the brightest white light that I've ever seen in my life still to this day, it ascended into outer space at a speed of which you would only experience after watching a star wars movie. I looked around on the bus and I wanted to say " did anyone see that?" but I didn't. I smiled and said to myself "nobody's going to believe this, but this is ls like some Area 51 [language removed/cms/rjl]." and my plan was to keep it private and keep this to my own self, afterall who would really believe this? considering looking back I had no idea what was really going on that night. It wasn't that incident that compelled me to tell people my experience between March, April and May of 1997.

April 3rd of 1997, It was an early wake up at a place called Teen Challenge on 1515 West Grand Avenue. I walked down out of my room into a large parking lot that was on the facility. I noticed two or three people standing out in front of the gate looking down at what is called the "old downtown Phoenix," When I asked "what's going on?" two friends of mine;[names removed/cms/rjl] pointed to the buildings. I looked towards the skylines, looking at the left building which was quite tall. I seen a metallic chrome object, which looked to be about one story wide and half the story of the building long hovering 75% of the height of the building about a little more than halfway or so. At that point in time there were 40 of us standing outside looking at the same object, almost the whole facility was looking at the same thing at this point in time. The pastor told us to stop looking and go inside for bible study, as I went into the school building I could see out the window, the metallic object floating by the skyscraper was still there through the window I was looking out. I seen it make over about an hour and a half of time several sharp movements to the left and right faster than my eyes could almost comprehend. After schooling was done I couldn't look again because we had other things to do in the daytime however, the very next day the object was in the sky in the same place again and I watched it do several movements that I can't explain or understand, I wanted to say something to the people that witnessed the sighting with me the first time but I knew in this kind of place no one would allow me to do so. In conclusion, with everything that I had seen and experienced and there is much more that I can say as far as how I felt emotionally or physically may be too difficult to explain in text or writing. I hope that even though I was a young man many years ago you would consider documenting my story. I have had zero outside influences, I have never talked to anyone in the press or anybody else about this story other than my mother, my wife, and my oldest two daughters which at no point did any of them ever suggest any other explanation.

Thank you,

sincerely,
[name removed/cms/rjl]
