{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-21 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285939","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117458","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4121,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/939/mufon-5285939.json","updb_database_id":5285939}
Three oscillating lights above southwest Washington fair - possibly helicopter or drone?

I want to prefix my statement by saying I didn't take a photo, my hands are naturally very shaky so I didn't think I would be able to yet a good shot of it anyhow. 

Secondly I would describe myself as a believer of extraterrestrial intelligence, but beyond that I try not to concern myself with the details of specific claims; the universe is just too vast and expansive to not have something ELSE out there. 

Finally I am of sound mind. I did have three beers that evening, as it was an outdoor festival (southwest Washington fair). I was at the beer garden watching Hell's Belles (an all female AC/DC tribute band) with my friend Rob. I don't partake in mind altering substance. I don't drink often. I don't even smoke cigarettes. I take sinus medication for allergies, a thyroid pill for my hashimotos thyroiditis and wellbutrin for depression. Otherwise I don't subject myself to anything mind or conscious altering and I never have in my 35 years.

What I saw last night was not necessary "extraordinary", as I very well could have seen a drone or a helicopter. I see drones and helicopters often. It was around 8:30pm when I looked up and saw a stationary craft with three lights blinking in succession. It seemed eerily still. It didn't seem to act in the way I would expect a helicopter to. It very well could have been a drone but it seemed too high up and too far away to be a commercial drone. If it was a standard drone anyone could purchase I don't think I would even notice it, let alone be able to follow it until it was no longer in my line of sight. 

I continued to watch it a bit. It stayed still so I sort of shrugged it off and continued watching the band, figuring it was just a drone. A few moments later I looked back up and saw it go into the north and stayed stationary for a short while. It then changed direction and deviated to my left and flew out of my line of sight. It did pop up once more briefly above where the [south] stage was to the horizon, but went back out of my line of sight. I asked my friend Rob if he saw it after it went off into the horizon but he did not see it. He started glance in the distance periodically after but did not see it. At the time of the sighting it was still light out. Enough natural light that the lights were bright enough to get my attention. If it had been completely dark I probably wouldn't have paid attention.

It very well could have been a drone. I would really like to know what air traffic was like in Lewis County last night. It just seemed too still, too high and too bright to be a helicopter or commercial drone. 

There probably is a rational explanation for it, but there just seemed to be something kind of uncanny and eery about it. I grew up on an island in Alaska and I've been in a helicopter myself about three times. I've seen helicopters my whole life and this just didn't seem to act in a way a helicopter would. It seems much more like a drone. But again it seemed too large, bright and high up to be a commercial drone.

I would love to know if there was a drone in the area last night. It stayed stationary and changed direction so it's obviously not a satellite or some sort of natural phenomenon. Since the fair was going on, i wouldn't be surprised if others saw this. However people were probably too distracted to look up to see what was literally right over their heads.

Thank you for your time and consideration.
