{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-26 01:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474939","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85370","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2545,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/939/mufon-5474939.json","updb_database_id":5474939}
UFO Shot through the horizon

I was outside on a clear summer night @ 1:00am Wednesday, July 26th, 2017 on my driveway in Newmarket, Ontario, Canada, when I saw what looked to be either a bright helicopter or plane in the far distance NW @75 DEGREE angle. It's common for police helictopers to fly at night around my area so at first I didn't pay much attention thinking it ws going to jut fly over head in the distance as I was having a smoke......Needless to say as I was smoking I could see it get brighter through the trees. At this point I walked to get a better look thinking it was just the helicopter but I was wrong. Instead this bright light wasn't flashing as the police choppers do in the air, or have the pulsing such as planes to but it was instead growing brighter and brighter in almost a heated way. I thought at first it was just coming closer because of how bright it got but actually it was because the object was starting to move fast. This is when I knew I had just see a UFO. Almost like a scene out of a movie this constant straight pathed light shot off into the sky at a speed that I've never seen before. Because it was so bright initially the streak and distance you saw it travel was imminent that it went to a very far distance in a very short periond of time. I would say once a huge beam of extremely bright orange, yellow, white, and even a weird purle shot out of the back of this thing, it took 3 seconds for it to look like helicopter in the far distance to now being further then the brightest of stars NE @ a 85 degree angle. I still can't get over how fast it went but yet was still visible until it flew past the stars to where you couldn't see it anymore.  This isn't the first time I've experienced UFO'S or encounters. I have many more stories that are true. I even feel I may have been abducted and or have an implant in my skull.

Thanks for your time, I hope this research helps. From Canada God Bless.

Matt
