{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-05 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284126","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119303","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2915,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/126/mufon-5284126.json","updb_database_id":5284126}
Bright white light traveling extremely fast made abrupt but smooth trajectory change

I was in my car waiting to make a right turn onto a street from a parking lot I was at, it was around 7:30 or 8:00pm, so full night time. As I'm waiting for a gap in traffic, towards the top of my windshield I saw this bright, solid white light go streaking across my field of vision in a slightly downward angle. I'm looking NE and it's moving NW to SE, and then it made an abrupt but smooth turn, like a tightly rounded corner, almost 90 degrees away from me so it was heading NE, and went behind some trees that were across the road. It didn't seem to lose much if any speed when turning.

The speed was extreme, it was there and gone in probably 1-2 seconds, and weirdly the light's intensity didn't change at all as it turned, it was just as bright going away from me as it was moving perpendicular to me. It was hard to tell how far away it was but the speed of it made me think it was relatively near. It would have been going a truly insane speed if it was far away. I saw planes in the distance with flashing lights that were barely moving in comparison.

It definitely caught my attention and I said something out loud to myself in surprise. I tried looking for it again as I was driving home, had a fairly clear line of sight in its direction, but didn't see anything, so it either turned again or was just going super fast.

I wasn't scared or anything, I actually felt calm. So I started rationalizing it on my way.

Was it a shooting star? It was on a slight downward path but it made a rather abrupt and obvious turn so that didn't make sense.

Was it a reflection on my windshield from headlights? Possibly, but it very clearly continued behind some trees which didn't line up with that idea.

Was it a plane? It had no blinking lights and was moving at a great speed.

Was it a helicopter? It would have had to be very close, going very fast, and would have been super loud, with a spotlight pointed right at me the whole time, so that didn't make sense.

Was it a drone? This seems like the most possible answer, but it had no flashing or colored lights, it was very dark to be flying one, and it made no obvious sound. Again, it would have had to be pretty close to me to be a drone going as fast as it was.
