{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-09-16 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493126","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66393","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4396,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/126/mufon-5493126.json","updb_database_id":5493126}
Saw no UFO. Saw humanoid that was not human.

At approximately 01:30 I on a Saturday night/Sunday morning, I received a phone call from two friends who were walking past my house and were wondering if I was still up and if I'd like to come out and say hello. I left my house and met them in a park about a three minute walk away from my house. We were sitting at a picnic table in a dark area of the park, with full view of the surrounding well-lit footpath and roads. As we were talking we noticed a tall human-like figure walking - not running - around the perimetre of the park. The park bordered onto houses, so in order to complete a full circuit of the park, one would have to go behind these houses, which means taking a rather significant detour along the roads behind the park, a distance of about 2.6 kilometres. This "person", although clearly walking rather than running, was somehow covering the distance in about one minute. After noticing it passing by twice, I mentioned it to my friends, who had also noticed it. We watched it go past again, and noticed that it was very tall - easily approaching 7 feet in height. We decided to ambush it as it made its next circuit. We waited in the shadows close to the footpath and when it was about thirty metres away, to our right, we ran out to the footpath, a distance of less than ten metres. By the time we got to the footpath, it had somehow passed us, and was now about twenty metres to our left. Its pace still suggested that it was walking rather than running. Without much hesitation, we sprinted after it, up a slight hill. At one point, beneath a streetlight, it stopped, turned, and looked right at me. It was very tall, very thin, seemed to be wearing a black suit, had no hair, and very pale - almost white - skin. The details of its face were blurred, possibly by the glare of the streetlight. Though it had paused, we kept running as fast as we could, yet we could not catch up to it. It continued walking away from us. It rounded a corner, and we turned the corner seconds after it, but it had gone. We waited, but it had ceased its patrol of the park perimetre.

I understand if this report is underwhelming. All my instincts told me that something very strange was happening; my friends concurred - our curiosity drove us to pursuit of this... thing. I have since heard stories of "Men in Black" - purported to be alien-like people in service to the government. Perhaps this was one of them. I don't claim to know what exactly it was - as to that, I can only speculate. All I know is that it was very thin, very tall, and I cannot emphasise enough that its pace was that of walking, NOT running, yet it covered an impossible distance in an impossible space of time. It did not leave the footpath in the whole time we observed it. Even if it had been running, there's just no way a person could move that fast. And why was it doing laps of the park at 2am? When I was 14, in 2004, I saw a very tall, grey skinned "alien" standing by my fence after a power outage following a loud electrical explosion, though I didn't get too good a look as I was overwhelmed with terror (a separate encounter, I could go into more detail but I think it's another story for another time). I did not experience such debilitating terror on this night, though as I said, my instincts were afire with the sense that this was something very strange indeed. After encountering this fast-moving walker, I have not had any more experiences of this nature. Years later, my friends and I remember this night very well indeed. No craft was seen. 

The attached map shows the park (where the red marker is), and the roads around the park which the thing must have travelled.
