{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-06-15 03:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511126","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47248","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3008,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/126/mufon-5511126.json","updb_database_id":5511126}
{cak} no visual but lots of memories n theyre getting more n more intense

ok,i had 2 have been around 9 or 10 n visiting my aunt n uncle in missouri and 1 nite i am now recently recalling i woke n went outside. no remembery after thatbut the next day i was sick, throwing up what looked like orange juice, i was fine the day b4. i 4got about these events up untill the past few years. now i can remember standing in a field with a misty fog all around n thinking it was weird cause there was always cows around. year went by nand i would have feelings and dreams that would happen often. the most feeling is when i saw "Fire in the sky" it reminded me of 1 feeling i have till this day. Its when the guy is on the table n a mist comes down and then a layer of some kinda membrane came down and covers him. you feel powerless. and i can remember this feeling if i concentrate hard enough, which i don't do 2 often. A few yearsa went by and i started remembering being around when all this happen in dreams or just remembering what had happened. 1 nite i woke in my own house n being scared n getting up n going 2 my parents room n climbing inbetween then n going back 2 sleep, then waking uo between them n being very scared. i started moving around alot when a i heard voice in my head say please stay calm n nobody will b hurt, istarted banging my fists on the bed 2 try n wake my parents but got no response from them, they had their backs 2 me, n i rembering thinking they should wake up with me hitting the bed like i was but they didn't, then i realized that my fists were hurting cause it wasnt a mattress i was hitting, it was hard, n once i started hitting harder i heard again a voice in my head that if i didn't calm down my parents would die. This is so far the worst of my memories. the feelings n memories still remain. The only other memory i can recalect is when i was in my 20s n me n a friend were leaving my parents house n walking across the street when i remember looking up n seeing a craft in the sky, it was square n boxy like, if u can understand that,after that i don remember much but these memories r still here n have gotten worse in the past few years, i now drink alot 2 try n not think about these events but theyre always there. So far ive been ok with them but im feeling the need 2 know 4 sure that im not crazy!!!!!! Please contact me soon, [number removed/cms/tg], thats my cell#
