{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-07-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494126","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65360","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3616,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/126/mufon-5494126.json","updb_database_id":5494126}
{cak} woke up to an orange glowing ufo across street in baseball field in dreamlike state ENTIRE neighboorhood went IN ALL came out with scar not there beforehand. All had same dream same night

On a summer evening (I'm about 5-6 yrs old)I'm sleeping on my bed by the open window, facing E. I "woke up" facing the baseball field across the street. There was an orange glowing ufo across the street sitting on the entire dirt part of the baseball field. My whole family 2 brothers, 3 sisters mom went out to it. We went across the street walking in a dreamlike state. All of my neighborhood friends were there too, and their families (at least 3 coming from all directions). Everyone was calm. I remember walking up the ramp that was facing NNW 2 by 2. (I'm around in the middle) I"m thinking I don't like this, but could not stop myself from going in. Inside was still the orange glow. The next thing I remember is there are many different small rooms. (Being older now I'll say 6x10). There's medical equipment in my room and 3-4 beings, things, "Doctors" all with their backs to me. They had aprons on, medical masks. (I remember this because their cloths reminded me of the hospital). I don't remember how I got up on to the exam table, but when they turned around I started screaming. I don't remember hearing my screams, or how they muffled it. They had big dark almond shape eyes. One or two started "working" on my left knee, and another one or two were up by my shoulders and this long large machine started coming down from the ceiling towards my left eye. I remember telling myself "their doing something to my knee", I could feel something going under my kneecap right where they were just touching poking for a spot. The machine is now so close to my eye its going to go in...I don't know if I fainted, but the next morning I woke up and told my sister and brother about this weird "dream" I had about the ufo and what they did to me. I looked at my knee and there was a healed scar that wasn't there when I went to bed. As I'm telling them they said they had the exact same dream about the orange glow UFO being across the street walking to it... They had healed scars in different places than I that weren't there when they went to bed too. So did our friends. I have always remembered this. Recently I asked two of my sisters if they remember that day, and they do. The oldest sister said the scars are triangle on her, and low and behold, so are mine. Interestingly at the baseball field, they have never had to mow the grass again because it never grew back! It always remained dirt. It never grew grass again. I certify this is 100% truth to the best of my ability and memory. I believe if we go there and test the ground it still may have evidence of radiation like they leave. My sisters are willing to talk with you also if need be. I can draw what I saw if need be, but currently there are no known photos at least from my family. I'm not sure about the other families if they took pictures or not.
