{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-15 23:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5293126","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110189","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4296,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/126/mufon-5293126.json","updb_database_id":5293126}
The only way I can explain it is that each time we’ve seen it it look like a ball of living lava

It didn’t give me the option but my family we have seen this three separate occasions I believe the years were between 2012 and 2016 each time it looked identical and we’re in different locations in Southern California. The first time we saw it I actually called 911 and asked if their helicopter was on fire in the city of Long Beach California, the dispatcher told me “no our helicopter is fine but we’re receiving numerous calls about an object that looked like it was on fire going across the sky“

I was on 15th St., East in Long Beach on this particular sighting and this was the first sighting. I do believe it was 2012 if I’m not mistaken.

The second time we have observed this phenomenon was at our home in Palmdale California we routinely go on the back deck and hang out as a family and we watch for shooting stars etc. we’ve seen more things then I would report in this message to you that raise an eyebrow, however what I’m talking about the flaming ball of plasma or lava flew directly over our house on the southernly trajectory, north of us is one of the support bases for Edwards Air Force Base. This object did the same as the other it flew in a constant direct path it had no smoke trail it did not change elevation as far as I could tell and continued flying over the Angeles crest mountains.

The third time we saw we were at the rocks fishing in Long Beach my son said dad look there’s that thing again I looked up and then my daughter and my wife looked up and we saw it once again flying in a constant direction and we watched it until we couldn’t see it anymore.

We took pictures of the object when it was flying over our house but unfortunately the camera on the phone wasn’t the best and all you can see is a read blurry Picture otherwise I would submit it to you as evidence we 100% saw these events and I would be willing to take a polygraph examination if necessary to prove it.

I worked in law-enforcement the majority of my life and I am very knowledgeable of all conventional aircraft including military and or civilian aircraft as my grandfather was an executive with McDonnell Douglas aircraft corporation he would take me Routinely to the McDonnell Douglas facilities when they were located at Long Beach Airport. The craft that we saw could only be identified as a circular object as I said before which looked like it was some sort of plasma or fire or living lava it was 100% definitely not any kind of conventional aircraft nor was it any of the aircraft I’ve seen flying over from the local Air Force bases. 

We’ve seen several stealth planes and traditional fighters and bombers and transport planes that takeoff from our local Air Force base. I was even able to view the space shuttle landing once. so I am very confident in what I’m telling you and that it was nothing I had ever seen before and I know it was not any kind of conventional craft...

I’ve literally been present for several objects in the antelope Valley and the San Bernardo Mountains I’d be more than willing to describe the different incidents I’ve seen in the past 10 years out here but I just feel compelled to report at least this incident because to this day I have no idea what we saw I even have another story that happened near Wright-wood in California and that one was a little more in depth as it affected electronics. 

Should anyone want to discuss the report a band or the one I just mentioned please feel free to contact me at the phone number provided or the email provided thanks!

keep up the good work,
[name removed]
