{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503126","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55834","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4685,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/126/mufon-5503126.json","updb_database_id":5503126}
{kt}Large rectangular ufo followed my car, then small triangle ufo hovered near me, then back to large ship.

In roughly the winter of 1998/1999, I was driving out of Lake Geneva on HWY 50 (if I recall, that is the name of the main road out of town towards Kenosha) when I noticed a long ship, that was a straight line with a bright white light on each end and one in the middle. I didn't think much of it at first, although I did continue looking at it because it didn't resemble a plane in shape (a straight line like a cigar or something) and the lights looked different. I began to really pay attention when I turned off HWY 50 onto the side road that lead to my subdivision (I can't recall the county road but it leads to Tuscany-the subdivision I was living in at the time). The craft was originally headed parallel to the highway traveling in the direction towards Kenosha and away from Lake Geneva as I was, but when I turned 90 degrees onto the side road, the craft changed direction 90 degrees as well. I took note because aircraft don't turn 90 degrees like that. The aircraft seemed to follow me change in direction, and to be descending to lower altitudes and getting closer. I remember slowing down to basically a crawl in my vehicle to watch the craft, and as crazy as this may sound, the next thing I remember is coming to standing outside my car, behind the rear bumper, driver's side door was open, no recollection of getting out of the car, and now the large ship I had seen before is gone and there is a much smaller triangle sized ship hovering maybe 20 feet at most over the road and maybe 20 feet away horizontally. It was completely silent, a white light on each corner of the triangle and an orange or yellow light (it's been 16 years-hard to remember everything). I freaked out and jumped in my car and took up as fast as I could. Looking back in my rear and side view mirrors, the triangle craft was gone, but the large cigar type crafted I had previously viewed (but that was nowhere in sight while i observed the triangle craft) was on back up in the sky and was again traveling parallel to my car. I make another 90 turn into my subdivision of the side road and the craft did so as well. I made another 90 degree turn off the first road in my subdivision onto the second one (the one on which i lived-sienna circle) and again the craft changed direction with me. I ran into side as fast as I could. Upon entering the house, i looked out every window i could in each direction and saw neither ship. I proceeded to write down the entire event and (eventually) fell asleep. The next morning my girlfriend stopped by before school as she typically did and as soon as i woke up I excitedly started to tell her of the previous nights event. She told me to calm down and that I had been dreaming-reminding me I just woke up. I told her I wasn't dreaming it-to look on my dresser where I had written it all down. That was that until maybe 6 months later I was in Kenosha at a friends house. He was late returning and I began to worry about him and was looking out his back door towards the main road anxiously awaiting his return. That is when I noticed a small triangle craft (exactly like the one i saw before) hovering maybe 20 feet off the ground, not making a sound, and coming slowly-very slowly-towards the house. It flew across the back yard straight towards me and I called the other woman there who was there to come look and she too saw it in amazement. We watched it for a few minutes as it slowly approached the house, flew over it barely over the rooftop and proceeded across the street. Upon being direction above the house across the street, it changed direction 90 degrees and slowly hovered over all the houses on the opposite side of the street until it was out of sight. I kept this mostly to myself for the last 16 years because (a) I have no proof and (b) most people don't believe you or don't care. After seeing report after report and pic after pic of similar triangle ships, I figured I'd go ahead report mine too for whatever it's worth. Thanks
