{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-04-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465126","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95669","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2212,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/126/mufon-5465126.json","updb_database_id":5465126}
Observed on clear night unknown object cutting through Glasgow airport flight path and causing aircraft diversions.

At the time of the sighting I was heading home, passing Glasgow Airport and noticed a very large aeroplane going in to land which suddenly ascended and flew erratically, swaying from side to side. This attracted my attention and caused me to park next to the airport where I was able to view the runway more clearly. I was intrigued. There were another two or three planes in the area at the time which appeared to be coming in to land but all diverted suddenly. At this point I had a clear view of the runway and noticed a bright object approximately 500 ft above the ground. It was travelling very slowly from South West to North East cutting through Glasgow Airport. Having observed aeroplanes regularly as a hobby I was immediately aware that this was definitely not an aeroplane or helicopter. It was a solid, bright, spherical object which gave off no glare. It was in my opinion approx. 30ft in circumference. It continued in the same trajectory. I was within 0.5 miles of this object, with my car windows down and there was no sound whatsoever. I was calm, focused and in disbelief as to what I was witnessing but knew that this was definitely not an aircraft. I observed the object for around 10 mins until it went out of sight. There was a newspaper article released by the Daily Record newspaper on Monday 24th April 2000 which stated that a aeroplane had to make an emergency landing at Glasgow Airport due to problems with its undercarriage. I do not feel that this accurately reflects what I witnessed.
