{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-22 19:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492126","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67423","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4580,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/126/mufon-5492126.json","updb_database_id":5492126}
{jpg} Shooting the Sun

Shooting the Sun

Monday June 22, 2015 at 7:08 p.m. I was in a parking lot wondering about what the effects would be if I shot my phone camera at the sun to take some video. I had previously thought I had seen something while doing this a few days earlier. 

I shot a video that lasted 19 seconds and was aimed directly at the sun which was at 2871 or WNW at an altitude of 161.  I noticed an interesting sphere within what appears to be a field.  At first I thought all I was seeing was some type of reflection, but the odd thing was that I noticed in many of the frames that lights were on the surface of the sphere. As can be seen in Frames 1:54, 4:11, and 11:44 those lights are in different positions in each frame, as if it were rotating.

If this had been a reflection, the image should have been a duplicate of the sun, only dimmer and smaller. Instead, the character is such that sphere images are different. At times, when the sun was moving up in the frame, the sphere moved down and behind a tree. Clearly it had its own movement that was independent.

I noticed other faint movements in the video frames, but they are very faint. They also last for just one frame. Most were too difficult to get any decent resolution. However, frame 15:54 had an image that was able to be edited and enlarged to make it viewable.

There was also another frame at 6:30 in which a spot of white appeared in the far right and middle of the image which also was enlarged to be more readily seen. The light which appeared due to the camera1s shuttering down with the sun1s brightness allowed more detail to be seen and more clarity in what the nature of the object is in frame 6:30.
                                                                                  
Curious about the direction and what lay in the direction of the sun, I checked and discovered that the craft was directly over the most westerward of the Lakewood Lakes, precisely over the middle of the lake.  (See report about Jupiter-Venus Fly-by).  Two weeks earlier on June 8th, other craft were observed which seem to come from the same general location as well.

The distance this time is 1.25 miles to the center of the lake from my vantage point in the parking lot. For background information, the image of the location of the June 8th sighting is included as well.

Summary:
1.	A sphere entered my videotaping of the sun.
2.	The nature of the sphere is that it seemed to be spinning.
3.	The sphere had independent movement.
4.	Other craft were seen as well, though much smaller.
5.	The location being identical in the lake is not coincidental since both the Sun and Venus are on the ecliptic plane as well as all planets but Pluto. What is new is the fact that more craft were seen over Lakewood Lake. This makes the 2nd time that Lakewood Lakes seem to have craft associated with it.
