{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-06-15 21:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506126","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52690","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4132,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/126/mufon-5506126.json","updb_database_id":5506126}
{rjl} Witnessed lights above almond orchard at night. Followed for 15 minutes. Stopped object flew overhead and to the south out of sight. Black Massive TRIANGLE shape, no sound. Three Bright Lights attatched.

On a summer evening in what I can closest calculate as June 1977. I was 14 years old. I was traveling home by car with my mother from Manteca,Ca to Ripon,Ca.It was about 9pm pst and my mom noticed lights hovering above a Almond orchard about 1 1/2 miles from us. It was a dark no moon night and the lights really stood out as odd. The lights were hovering and moving slowly back and forth over a particular section of the orchard. My mother said we should go find it and see what is going on. She said she thought it was a helicopter looking for something.
We drove following the lights until we got about 1/4th miles from them. At this point, it changed direction and started to move straight south. My mother drove very fast and we got ahead of the lights and she pulled over on the side of another almond orchard. It was so dark out there in that part of the rural manteca area.
I got out of the pickup on the side right in the orchard of trees. I was standing by my seat in the corner of the door car part. My mother would not get out and kept asking me to get back inside. I asked her if she could see it coming. There was no sound at all, nothing. No wind that night not one leaf rustling just dead quiet. She yelled that it was coming and I looked up towards the north to the back of the pickup and it was there. Now we saw the shape of it. It was a massive black triangle with lights on the corners that were very bight illuminating white. The object did not make any sound at all of any kind. If you were not looking at it , you would not know it was right there over your head. When it passed over us, I was amazed at how low it was, right on the trees. I think it was about 30ft above my head as it passed over. I could not see the lights as it passed me because it was too big. It blocked out the sky, I remember seeing a dark black so black it was blacker than the surrounding sky. The black was unbelievably black. I would say it was at least the size of three houses. Incredibly huge. It was quite thick as well. It did not bend up on top in a curve, completely flat all over on top. It was about 30ft. thick all over. It was moving so slow it seemed at times to not be moving at all. But it was moving. It went over us, and straight along that first 20 rows of trees to the south. My mother at this point was freaking out and we starting driving to the south to follow, then my mom suddenly stopped the truck in the middle of the road and said she was afraid, we should not follow. She made a u turn and we went another way home, still rural but far from that thing. I watched the lights keep moving south until I just could not see it anymore. My mother died in 2004. She told me not to talk about it in our little town of Ripon,Ca where everyone knows everyone. So I did not. I don't think it was discussed much between me and my mother until my first son was about 14 years old, then she told him about it. Back in 1977, there just was not a black triangle awareness and me and my mom did not know what to think it was. Now that more and more people are speaking of it and there own sightings, I feel a little better about the whole thing. I know they exist because I saw one long long ago in that field that summer night. I could of thrown a stick and hit it. I know it was there, just don not know what it was.
