{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-03-15 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529377","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26153","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2869,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/377/mufon-5529377.json","updb_database_id":5529377}
Red-ish/orange fireball(s); approx 6-8 total, about pea sized at arms length

About 1 am PST, my friend and I were camping along the southern beach area on Maui. We were standing right at the shore line looking northwest up the coast when there appeared a bright red-ish/orange fireball/light coming from the interior of the island. I don't remember if we were already standing down at the shore when the light appeared or whether our noticing the light drew us to the spot. 

The light moved in a slight incline, maybe at 20 to 25 degrees. Almost immediately after it appeared, there came another one right behind it. Then two more followed (these two were very close together). Another few seconds and another one, and then another. There may have been more but I honestly don't recall. 

Im guessing that in total we saw between 6 and 8 of these lights over the course of only a few minutes. They didn't make a sound, although Im estimating that they were probably a mile away from us. They moved in an almost straight line (slightly inclined as I stated above) out over the ocean (approx. one mile out) before disappearing behind/within the cloud cover. 

Their light was consistent. It did not pulse or flash at all. These were definitely NOT airplanes, flares, or Chinese lanterns. They looked and behaved like nothing Ive seen before or since. 

I was not frightened at all. Im not sure how my friend felt though, but I think its reasonable to assume that he wasnt either. The odd thing was that we never mentioned it to our other two camping companions (they were fast asleep) and he and I never spoke about the incident, then or since. 

In fact, I paid the incident little mind until I listened to an Open Minds Radio show hosted by Alejandro Rojas (aired October 25, 2010) in which his guest, Keith Chester, discussed his book about UFO sightings during WW2. Keith mentioned how there was a definite difference between objects sighted over Europe than those seen in the Pacific region. It turns out the ones sighted in the Pacific theater were mostly fireballs. This prompted my reporting. 

I simply chalked the incident up as Hawaiian folklore. I later read about the Hawaiian fireballs that seem very common out there and simply assumed that thats what I saw.
