{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-11-14 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458377","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103160","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3118,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/377/mufon-5458377.json","updb_database_id":5458377}
{rjl} My boyfriend and I were parked on the gravel road and a massive silent craft hovered above us for approx 15 seconds then took off leaving a light trai

November 1995, approx 9pm
My boyfriend and I were parked on the gravel road on a small creek bridge, about a half a mile from my house. The car was not running and the radio was not on. We were kissing and I opened my eyes because I noticed light. The craft was hovering silently above the car. I could only see a portion of it because my view was limited by the top of the car. From what I could see, which was rounded, I assume that it was circular. I said in a whisper, "What the hell is that?" and we both stared at it silently for a few seconds before I lunged forward and pressed my face against the top of the windshield to get a better view. I was absolutely terrified. It was a paralyzing fear. What I could make out was that it was circular, not a ball but saucer like, had a lower level with either lights or windows around the lower level that cast an eerie greenish yellow glow, it was massive, 20-30 feet. (I could only see a fraction of it so I am estimating that size based on what I was able to see). It was right above the tree tops, and absolutely silent. It hovered there for approximately 15 seconds. Then It ascended slightly and took off so fast that it left a light trail. We sat there silently for a few more seconds until I realized that it had gone in the direction of my house. I started yelling at him to start the car and get me home. I was hyperventilating and crying when I walked in my house and my parents said that I looked like I had seen a ghost. I immediately told them what we had seen and I wanted to call the police. They knew I was telling the truth because I was so upset and scared, visibly shaking and crying, and had just willingly confessed to making out with my boyfriend in his car. The next day at school we discussed what we had seen and decided that people would call us crazy and say we were making it up. We didn't want any drama so we decided to keep it secret. My parents, however, talked to our neighbors (they own the land where this occurred) about it, and the husband said, "You better believe that there is something strange going on in these parts. I've seen plenty of things that I don't want to talk about.". And he never would elaborate beyond that. This is the first time that I have shared this publicly. I don't know if my boyfriend ever reported the sighting or not. We lost contact after highschool.
