{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-03-24 18:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506377","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52422","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3904,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/377/mufon-5506377.json","updb_database_id":5506377}
Three small craft, then one large one, then one fell to earth

From my mother's account written down in 1996:

It was Good Friday, 1967, and, along with my four little ones, I had gone to get two big jugs of milk from our neighbours next door. The early evening sky was turning an incredible shade of salmon pink as twilight began to slip away.

The children's feet made little splashing sounds as they clattered along beside me when suddenly one of my daughter exclaimed, "Look mummy, at the little airplane! The people in it must be smaller than me!". Looking up I could see, just above the treetops to the North, a small saucer shaped silver colour craft. The object was traveling noiselessly at an incredible rate of speed and its dome-shaped top was brightly lit and I could see a dome shaped interior through the many small windows.

As the craft streaked past, we looked to the South to see where two more saucer shaped objects were shooting across the Southern sky. In the direction the craft were racing, there was a bright large star that seemed to hover close to the earth; the other three small craft converged on the large star.

By this time, we had reached the lane leading up to our farm house; as we turned into the lane I was astonished to see, hovering over our barn, an object like a large moon. Across its surface were rusty coloured streaks similar to vapour trails. As the object came closer it grew larger. My heart stood still and time seemed suspended. My mind was still trying to rationalize what my eyes were seeing and I thought "Oh Father in Heaven! We have a planet caught in our gravitational pull and it is going to crash into the Earth! Let me get the children inside so that they cannot see it happening!".

Rushing the children into the house, I called to my mother who was in the upstairs of our house: "Mother! Look out the girls' bedroom window! Look over the barn!". I heard her exclaim as I ran up the stairs " My Lord! It's the end of the world! God help us all!". As we watched, another object seemed to fall to Earth in a wooded area behind the farm.

As suddenly as it had appeared, the huge moon like object disappeared into the now starry sky - leaving behind three streaks of yellow light that faded away. We all stood transfixed.

Unknown to us at the time, a friend of mine who was the assistant editor of a local newspaper was coming to our house along with 3 other female friends of mine as we had all planned to go out in a nearby town that evening. On their way to my farm, they all witnessed the same strange sights in the sky. As all of us drove on our way to our evening out, we all discussed the strange occurrence and we then noticed a strange star like light that seemed to follow us as we drove. Panicking, we sped down the road and we stopped in the driveway of a friend of mine. He came toward our car and told us he had seen a strange bright light that looked like it was following our car as we drove toward his house. Just then, we saw the light on the road through the trees; it hovered for a moment and then shot up into the night sky to the West.

All of my four children still remember this strange event but, although she remembered, my mother did not voluntarily speak of it again in her remaining years with us.
