{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-24 19:27:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291377","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111959","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2804,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/377/mufon-5291377.json","updb_database_id":5291377}
Row of 15+ lights arranged in line, appearing to be wrapped around circular object

Driving north on RT89N between exits 2 and 3, between Silk Farm Rd and bridge over Turkey Pond/Little Turkey Pond, with my 16-year-old daughter. I noticed a row of lights approximately 20-25 degrees above the horizon (presumably, it being dark at the time of sighting) just to the right of straight ahead of my direction of travel. My first thought was the Starlink satellites, though I noticed no motion in the lights and they appeared to be wrapped around the edges of what would have been a circular something. The lights appeared evenly-spaced along a slightly tilted horizontal axis. Observation lasted only 30seconds to 1min. We attempted to keep it in sight, but found that impossible on a relatively busy highway. The last I saw of whatever this was, it appeared that it may have been obscured by a cloud. Weather conditions were mostly clear with some scattered clouds; half moon present to our left (roughly south) during the observation. My daughter managed to take several photos with her iPhone 8, which surprised me a bit given oncoming headlights, taillights of the cars ahead of us, etc. The images are blurry (taken through the car's dirty windshield), but the object is obvious in them. Given the local terrain, I imported the images into "Photos" on my iMac and looked at the GPS stamps on them for the possible presence of skiing mountains or other topography in the area. I wondered if a lit access road or mountaintop could be an explanation, but other than Mt. Sunapee in the area (no night skiing or other mountaintop lights that I'm aware of), there was nothing obvious. Using Google maps street view of the area of the sighting in the direction it occurred also left me with no obvious possibilities.
