{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-07 21:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500377","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58732","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3161,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/377/mufon-5500377.json","updb_database_id":5500377}
{nd} Satellite-like object observed, brightened suddenly, then changed direction

A regular skywatcher, on many clear nights outside my home, I watch for an hour or two (sometimes with binoculars). I have done this for the past year, so I know the flight patterns of both commercial aircraft, private planes (I live right next to the local airport), and having observed low Earth-orbit satellites, I have a good understanding of what the typical aerial phenomenon are, their typical light configurations, and their 'classical' behavior.

I was looking for satellite activity, and spotted one moving North to South, as a number of these do on a regular basis. All of a sudden, the satellite glowed, and seemed to increase in size, although at that altitude, it's the change between something star-like, and a large meteor/ shooting star, or something to that effect. Then, the glow started to ebb, and the object veered slightly (3-to-5 degrees), and then, Reversed Direction! So now I KNOW I am seeing something OTHER THAN a Satellite (or aircraft). As it travelled back, it made several minor course alterations, again of perhaps 3-5 degrees. After another 45 seconds or so, the object disappeared. Since the night sky was cloudless, I was pretty sure this was either the craft cloaking itself, or moving away at high speed, but it could have simply been due to the distance and particulate in the air. I have seen satellite 'disappear' in that fashion, and this object did not quite disappear in that way.

I had my 4 year-old son sitting in my lap with me, and he saw it, too. Now since my first orb sighting 4 months ago, which occurred after a year of trying CE5 'summoning', I now KNOW that ET's are real, these vehicles are real, and are not US Military drones. And during these past months, I have tried several times a week to summon, to no avail. Tonight, I asked my son to 'meditate' with me, but I really didn't expect anything. When I saw the object at first, thinking it was a satellite - business as usual - but when it glowed, I thought "Wow! What?" Could a satellite catch a sun ray at 10 PM from a setting (set) sun, and reflect back so brightly, making the object look twice its size? My heart started to beat a little faster. But when the object veered, and then changed directions by 180 degrees, I yelled out to my son, pointing. I then followed the object with my binoculars, until it disappeared a minute later. I was very excited, and wished I had had a night vision video recorder with zoom lens. I'll have to explore crowd-sourcing that...
