{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-04-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505036","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53837","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3039,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/036/mufon-5505036.json","updb_database_id":5505036}
At first I thought it was round and shiny gold.

I was with my cousin and my two kids. We were coming back from the beach. My cousin decided to take a short cut so he made a rt turn. The name of the road or street is Las Marias. I don't know if it belongs to a town named Aguada or A1asco, Puerto Rico. I am sitting on the passenger seat on front. I noticed this shiny gold round object just floating in the sky. It didn't move. I try to call the attention of my cousin but he was fooling around with my kids. Then, I didn't hear anything else, but a thought that came in my head, ( I think ) , it just said; ' Hay esperanza para la humanidad'.' ( ' There is hope for humanity' ). I just felt peace in that moment. I wasn't scare. I felt good, full of tranquility. When I was going to talk to my family, I so that it was getting longer and a white smoke was appearing in front of it. I didn't want to miss anything so I kept on looking and when it took off, it disappeared. I thought that it was going to go straight, but I didn't see it. It was gone. I told my cousin, but he look at me like, yeah, right. The following day I went to work and stop to get breakfast. I grab the paper and shocking surprise, there was a black and white photo of what I saw. It was lovely. I felt so happy to know that it was real. What I saw, was real. 
I really don't know how long after that this other thing happen. I turn on the tv and started to watch a movie where this couple were going to be abducted and I started shaking in a ridiculous way and jump off the bed and turn slam the tv off. I ran to my bed and covered myself from head to toe and didn't stop shaking for a while. I was asking myself what was wrong with me. This is not normal. After that, I don't know if it was a dream, ( but it has haunted me always ), I have seen myself in a gray place or room, I don't know. It looked like metal. I look to my left and I see a white light under what it appears to be a door. I hear myself scream asking them not to hurt my daughter. To leave her alone. I don't know how long after this I found a mark on my left shoulder, close to my neck that I never felt before. It was there for years and it has been for about a year or two that I touch the area and it is gone. Was this a dream? How can I know? It still bothers me not knowing. I can not explain it. Is there a way of knowing? I always look to the sky at night just to see if I can see and find an answer.
