{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-16 04:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493036","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66485","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2826,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/036/mufon-5493036.json","updb_database_id":5493036}
{cak} Biologic material appear out of thin air.

I was sitting in my bedroom, at my desk on my computer, looking at Twitter, and posting a list of videogames that I want to play, because the E3 2015 event was going on, and everyone was excited about all the new videogames that are coming out.

Then all of the sudden, I thought a moth flew into my screen, and landed on my keyboard. So I grabbed some toilet paper from a shelf under my desk, and tried to grab it and kill it. 
But when I tried to crush it, it felt kind of hard, and solid, and thicker than a moth.

So I opened up the tissue and looked at it.
And it turns out to be an object that looks like a piece of old dried skin.
It kind of looks like a pork-rind that has been half fried, or a piece of human skin about 1.5 inches in diameter. I have no idea what it is.
I was sitting there for 10 minutes staring at it, trying to figure out what it was.

And then I told my mom to come look at it, and asked her "What the hell is this?", and told her what happened.
She said it might be some food that you ate, that fell on the keyboard.
But I haven't had any fried-pork, or fried-chicken, or any type of fried skin type of food in months. I was on my computer all day yesterday, and today, and I would've noticed if there was a gigantic piece of skin on my keyboard.

I then went into the kitchen, and grabbed a pair of plastic gloves, a ziploc bag, and a jar, and then I put the object into the bag, placed it in a jar, and put it into my refrigerator.

And here I am now, writing this report.

I did not have any food stuck to my ceiling.
The object is too heavy to have been blown by the wind.
It's almost like someone threw, or dropped the object at my computer monitor, or it just teleported out of thin air, between my face, and my computer monitor.

I would really like to get this artifact analyzed, so I could figure out what it is.
