{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-27 04:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499036","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60115","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3197,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/036/mufon-5499036.json","updb_database_id":5499036}
{rjl} Looked Like Faint Yellow Stationary Star Then Moved And Stopped Randomly In All Directions Not Always In Straight Lines Back And Forth Side To Side And Stationary

I looked up at the stars and observed a faint yellow light just south of the highest point in the sky (so just below 90 degrees from the ground). Then all of a sudden the object began to move to the north. Then it stopped. Then it moved to the south, but not in a straight line. Then over a period of approximately five minutes the light moved in all different directions (sometimes N or NW or NE or S or SW or SE or W or E) in no apparent pattern. Sometimes it moved in a straight line and sometimes it seemed to be swerving as it moved. When it moved, sometimes it would move for five to seven seconds. Other times when it moved, it would only move for a second or two. There seemed to be no pattern to this either. In other words, of the many times it moved N sometimes it traveled for many seconds and other times when it moved north it would only do so for a second. The light would remain stationary sometimes. When it was stationary, it seemed to flash four white lights (two on each side - one set of lights was on the west side of the light and the other side of lights was on the east side of the light). I have seen many objects in the sky. My children and I like to look at the stars. I have seen jets, proper-driven planes, helicopters, blimps, and satelites in the sky. They usually move in a straight line. If they turn, they do so gradually. This light moved back and forth at what must have been a fantastic speed. When I first saw it move I thought it was a satelite because it was at such a high elevation. I was not under the influence of alcohol nor drugs when this occurred. I am not mentally ill. I am a police officer (if that matters). I am going back outside right now to see if I can keep watching it. If I had a video camera with me I would record it. I have never seen anything like this in my life, and like I mentioned I have spent a lot of time (at an amateur level) looking up at the stars. I have spent many nights camping and fishing and have spent hundreds of hours stargazing. I don't know what this thing was. In fact, it frightens me because I didn't think aircraft could perform in ways I just observed. Probably the most unsetteling thing was the way the light sometimes "swerved" when it moved. It's hard to describe, but it was almost like it was shaking as it moved sometimes. But at other times it didn't appear to shake when it moved. I didn't see it swerve nor shake when it remained stationary.
