{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-09-16 17:16:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458036","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103514","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3049,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/036/mufon-5458036.json","updb_database_id":5458036}
{rjl} Never seen anything like it. Speed shape and movement.

I was granted with the power to create equations I have over 5 equations never before solved by anyone but me. It is very hard to talk about because of the benefits it creates. I do not wish to upload my work but rather show intelligence of some sort that could. Help. I developed an equation for cures that also cannot fail with this known knowledge. The ufo was about 10 inches all the way around. It was in a tree that I liked. In fact that tree became my favorite tree before I spotted it and it went incognito. This tree was very unique as it was the first time I had seen a tree so beautiful. The leaves were red brown and dark red. The tree would mentally speak to me. I can only suggest that maybe that alien was helping my mental state. I was erased from stress. Disbelief had never stood a chance. I really need to show someone my work. The periodic table of elements also can be used in this math. It allows us to create new combined elements with properties not yet utilized because the equations has only been solved by me. I need help. Any mathematical God will understand. This will change the world. I cannot upload pictures of my work because it is new and can be solved by others and I want to be one with my work. Not abandon it or watch people do horrible things with my knowledge. I am also ambidextrous and can practice any instruments lefty or righty. I am an artist visual and audio influenced. I can write with both hands and I am connected with my spiritual self. I am a chef. I can do anything. I even can throw and shoot basketballs and footballs with both hands. I can kick a multi sided rock in a straight line. I can see where these extra terrestrials being are headed. Idk how important my role is but I’m a Native American bloodline mixed with other ethnicities. I understand that native people have always had a certain level of spiritual strength. I am hoping I can meet with someone. My life hasn’t been the same. I meet 2 blonde headed females that looked nearly Like when I was an Uber Driver. The energy prescience was not like any ever. I do not know if they are high intelligence but I could immediately hear and feel their actions. Telepathy style. I felt a form of mind control. I dropped them off and that was that. This description is clearly for my math provided by my first 30 ft away, ufo sighting. That’s how I came up with these equations.
