{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-05-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504036","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54869","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2908,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/036/mufon-5504036.json","updb_database_id":5504036}
{rjl} wide range of colors with tail falling in an arch out of sky

This was a while ago, but it has stayed with me all in thehese years and has made me investigate UFO's and watch UFO shows ever since, even at the risk of sounding "like a loon", and/or being laughed at by friends and family. 
There was an unexpected hurricane that touched down in the area. Once it was over and safe for us to go outside, the entire neighborhood went outside to view the damages and to clean up the area of debris. As everything was done, most people started heading into their homes. Before long, it was just one friend and myself outside still chatting. Her back was towards the object when I first noticed the colors. I had her turn around and see what I was seeing. We both stood there in silence, mouths agaped and watched.
It was very large, and seemed to be the bottom of what ever it was. It was off in the distance some ways, but close enough to expect noise from the explostion of it crashing, which is the imprestion that we both got. It was coming down in an arch, slow enough to see that the circle of colors where of the rainbow and very beautiful, but quick enough to expect noise, which there was none. There was also a tail following it in it's wake. The kind you would expect after a commit but the colors where not that of a fire, but of purples and blues. To discribe the object itself would be an outer circle of individual colors with 1 or 3 large circles of colors in the center. 
We both had the impression that it crashed because when it went behind the houses and we could no longer see it, there was a large flash of red light. Once again, there was NO sound. No explostion. Nothing. We stood there, in complete disbelief and bewilderment. Later that evening, I had called the local police department to see if there where any plane crashes in thearea. Was told no. When asked why, I remember asking if there where any odd or unusual calls for or of crashes, I was laughed at. "What? Do you want to report a UFO sighting?"
Alot of how I was raised and the beliefs I held had been questioned since then. It's always difficult to discuss with others for the fear of how they will view me afterwards and if I will be labeled a quack.
Now, I just want to know what I saw and if anyone else saw what we saw.
