{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-15 21:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530036","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25456","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3556,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/036/mufon-5530036.json","updb_database_id":5530036}
Three White Lights in Triangle Formation

My son and I have driven to the little town of Leesville, which is five miles north of Nixon, Texas to look for more eyewitnesses to the prior night report (See 1Jet liner with no visible wings burning and falling out of a cloud1 September 14th 911 Call). After spending about two hours in Leesville and the surrounding area, we drove back to Nixon and asked around if anyone had seen anything in the sky. 
At approximant 8:30PM, my son and I started our drive West from Nixon on Texas 87/97 toward Stockdale. We had drove pass the town of Pandora when my son makes me pull off to the side of the road. He said something is zigzagging between three stars. With the truck still running and traffic coming at us in both directions I jump out with my camera and ran over to his side. 
My son was now standing outside the truck and is pointing in about a 55 degree angle up and is pointing northwest. I asked him again what he saw. He stated it is not an airplane, not a shooting or falling star. It was moving zigzagging and it is now coming right to us. Since I was driving my eyes needed a few seconds to adjust to the night sky. I told my son to get the spot light and point to it (we learned to carry a high power spot light with us at all times). He points the spot light at a now slow moving light, this is moving right towards us from about 1,000 to 2,000 feet above. As it moved closer to us, a few more cars and trucks pass us on the road but nobody stopped. At first it was a solid light but as it flew closer I can see three separate lights in a tight triangle formation with a huge light at each corner. Each light was glowing and had a shape like those sunken ceiling light used in modern kitchens, you can only see the lower half of the light. We could not see any metal or any shadow of the body but you can see the three lights where mounted onto some kind of fixture. I believe the diameter of each light would be 15 to 20 feet across and the space between each light about 6 to 8 feet. I would give it a size between a Caravan 675 and a Citation CJ4 or a length of 50 to 100 feet. It moved steadily over our heads from the northwest to the southwest without changing its speed or direction. My truck was still running so we could not tell if it was making any noise. I predict it was moving about 70 to 80 miles an hour for it took about ten minutes to fly over us and out into the horizon.
I so busy trying to get measurements and directions in my head that I forgot to film it. Go figure.
After it faded into the night we drove up to the next crossroad which is County Road 538 and turn left and drove about 100 feet to get away from the traffic. We parked there observing the night sky for another hour or so but there was no more activity. We are planning to set up there again tonight.
