{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-11 03:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526036","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29673","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2958,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/036/mufon-5526036.json","updb_database_id":5526036}
absolutely silent and fast moving V shaped formation

At approximately 3:25 am eastern time on June 11, 2011 I witnessed a classic V shaped UFO sighting. The lights were traveling at a high rate of speed coming out of the southwest traveling in a northeast direction. There were either 9 or 11 lights in this formation. I didn1t have a chance to count them because of the shock factor involved. The lights were not connected and seem to fly independently due to their movement. They also did not flash and had the consistentsy of a medium bright star. The flight pattern was similar to the way a flock of geese flies but much faster and absolutely no sound. The path would of taken them between downtown Orlando and the Orlando International airport. I am located 1 mile due east of Sea World Orlando in the Williamsburge Subdivision and was facing due south when I began to see the lights at about 30 degrees on the horizon moving from my right to left. I followed them for approximately 12 to 15 seconds until the disappeared behind a tree in my neighbors yard. I believed the lights stayed at a constant speed during my sighting. They appeared to move a little faster the closer they got to my position and slowed down slightly when they passed me. My best guess at the altitude of the lights was around 5000 feet. I also estimate the lights were moving approximately 400 to 500 mph. I calculated this by watching commercial planes fly over and estimated their speed and altitude. The distance from the front light to the back lights was approximately 1600 feet. Each light I guess was 400 feet apart. I1ve never seen anything like this in real life only watching shows on TV about UFO1s which always capture my attention. I did notice a single similar light several months ago which moved slower and at a higher altitude. I figured it was probably a satellite traveling west south west and didn1t think anything else about it. Although it was pretty neat. This recent incident was much more convincing of a UFO sighting and made the hairs on my arms stand. I1ve always believed in UFO1s and now I1m 110% sure they exist. I walk the dog every night around this same time and gaze into the stars to see if I see anything out of the ordinary. My patience has paid off into an experience I will never forget. I will continue looking at the stars, for what I witnessed was amazing.
