{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-12-22 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288036","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115334","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2215,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/036/mufon-5288036.json","updb_database_id":5288036}
Oval shaped portal gliding up a wooden walkway from river

It was about 7pm or so on a very well lit full moon (or nearly so) night. I walked to the back of the house, which sits on the edge of a river terrace overlooking a narrow floodplain below and river. We have a brick walkway the leads to a wooden boardwalk the winds down to the river. As I approached the boardwalk I stopped and noticed something moving very slowly up the boardwalk, moving up the boardwalk from left to right. Distance of about 10 feet. The moonlight shown well onto it and I could see that it was an oval shaped, black mass with blurry edges surrounded by a fairly transparent (translucent) orb around it. The orb around it was about 1 foot thick around the black mass and together the entire portal was about 6-7 feet in height, and about 4 feet in diameter. The orb around the black mass was active, looking to be charged with energy of some sort. There were angular black pieces, which resembled charcoal, flickering and bouncing around within the orb as it moved. The inner black mass was completely dark. The exterior of the orb was very well defined, almost like a bubble. It made a very dull hum or vibration noise. I observed for about 10-30 seconds, in absolute confusion about what it could be. But it looked simple evil so I immediately walked quickly back into the house. I did not tell my family what I had seen until 2 years later when I discussed the sighting with a MUFON researcher. She determined that it was likely a portal. I am located on a Ley Line, but not sure if that helps or not. Incredible experience, and extremely real.
