{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-15 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488036","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71615","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3454,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/036/mufon-5488036.json","updb_database_id":5488036}
{cak} While substituting our friends paper route, myself and a buddy witnessed an unidentified lighted silent craft in the sky

In the early morning hours of October 15th, about 3 o'clock myself and a friend was substituting a buddy's paper route in thornville Ohio. When we was only about 30 minutes into the route, on ridenour rd, my friend was observing something out the passenger window. The next thing I know, he says " stop the car". He had a very serious demeanor so I did. He continued to stare out the window, without saying anything. I kept looking but was unable to see anything from the driver seat. So 3:30 in the morning and on a back country road I put the car in park an stepped out. Soon as I did I see what my friend was looking at. Off not too far off in the distance maybe 150 yards away was an oval shaped object with red white and green lights on the bottom of the craft from four points flashing in randomized order. Also one each side of the craft werea wings, looked what was attached by some sort of metal beam or rod, and the wings were not the typical kind of wings you would see on a plane, they were curved, almost in a U shape. The craft was ascending into the sky. Neither of us seen it on the ground, just from the point of ascension. Once it reached its maximum altitude of 250 to 300 feet at the most, it began to hover for a few seconds. Then it proceeded to move in our direction at a very slow pace. The craft was completely silent. It made no noise or left any traces in the air behind it. When it had finally reached the road and it was about 300 feet directly above us. The size of the craft was about a football field in length and in diameter. The bottom of the craft was shiny. While both of us stared up at this in shock and amazement, a 5th center light illuminated purple. Either of us were to much in awe to move. It then continued its path in the direction it was going. Never gaining speed or altitude. It was at this point my friend told me to grab my camera, and I took 2 still shots and 3 couple second video's. We continued to watch it till it was out of site. We than got back in the vehicle and continued the route, in the direction it was traveling but never saw it again. The rest of the night we talked about what we had seen, still in shock and disbelief. It wasn't until the next morning did we remember to check our pictures. And than we seen what we had captured
