{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1952-07-29 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472519","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87894","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2898,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/519/mufon-5472519.json","updb_database_id":5472519}
{jpg} Witness saw a flying disc in Miami beach.

The time was nine-thirty P.M. With permission granted I was now sitting in the Sterns' patio with my wife and Richard Boswell. We were facing the west looking over Indian Creek. The night was clear and a one-quarter moon was shining. There was no wind. An ideal night for romance.

I turned to my wife and said jokingly, 1no saucer yet.1 She gave me a warm smile, which was broken by a shriek from across the creek. A startled woman said, 1there it is again.1 She was Mrs. Hunt who lives at Miami Beach, I learned later.

Immediately I jumped to my feet, checked the camera and shouted, 1Where is it?1

It seemed like hours for the reply and a thousand thoughts went through my mind1could this be the same Saucer from the night before? Do I really have my chance I1ve waited for? Will the lens be powerful enough? Will this be a false alarm?

Actually the reply was instant. Mrs. Hunt said, 1to your left above the apartments.1

I moved quickly but still didn1t see it. My wife excitedly said, 1there it is!1 I was as well prepared to meet the situation as anyone could be. but still I wasted about thirty seconds in amazement! Without any reason or doubt this was it!

Believe me there is nothing in this world that this saucer could be compared with. I held my breath and pressed the camera tightly against my cheek and followed the disk the best I could.

Words cannot explain the weirdness of this thing but my pictures may.

I did not get results with all 50 feet of film. The disk was so high it could be seen clearly with the naked eye, yet when I tried to view it through the viewer of the camera it could barely be made out. I think this is self explanatory to anyone who has ever held any type camera in their hands.

Knowing this may be a chance in a lifetime I followed the image with my naked eye instead of through the viewer. This is very difficult to do with a telephoto lens, but the results were sufficient.
