{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-07-07 00:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467519","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93146","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2668,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/519/mufon-5467519.json","updb_database_id":5467519}
UFO sighting during city party

I was standing outside going for a smoke at 00:32 (32 minutes past midnight).
Since there's a party in the whole city, I noticed some beams of light in the sky from the party. As I noticed the lights in the sky, I also saw two odd orange lights in the other direction. I'm not a big believer in all of this stuff, so I initially thought it was an airplane. However after a while it occoured to me that it was standing still as I could see it above the trees (trees being the point of reference where I could see that the lights werent moving).

I tried taking out my OnePlus 3 to take a photo, however it was night time and the camera wasn't able to pickup the lights in the distance.

The lights were two lights parallel to each other, they kept being flying in a parallel formation for the entire duration of the sighting, personally I think the two lights were attached to the same object, as they were very close together.

After a little while the lights started to go up vertically. Then the lights stayed there for a minute or two. Out of nowhere the lights seemingly disappeared. As I was using the trees for a point of reference, I thought the strange object had descended down into the cover of the trees, so I walked onto the opposite side of the tree. As i was walking to the opposite side of the tree, I spotted that the lights had moved in a completely different direction. The lights had moved to the north, and were hovering again. As the lights were seemingly quite far away from me I was amazed at the speed the strange object was moving across the sky with.

After a little amount of time, the lights were gone (I have no idea where they went, I wasn't even able to see them travel across the night sky. Maybe they turned off the lights and left).

When I looked at the clock, it was 55 minutes past midnight. My cigarette wasn't even done, 20 minutes had passed as if it was 4-5 minutes. I have no idea what happened with the time, this is what made this encounter so odd to me. It is also what led me to write this report.
