{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-19 05:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506971","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51770","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":13003,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/971/mufon-5506971.json","updb_database_id":5506971}
{dr}In 2007, July, three triangular craft, no windows, no sound, hovered over treetops, then slowly headed NE, in Alb, NM, I was able to observe it for at least 8-10 mins.

I shall begin with my story: I was born in Santa Fe, NM. I was three-years-old at the time of the first incident. Due to marital issues with my parents, we were put in foster care for a short time. There was a small park across the street from the foster home.

I have a very good memory of those years, even its bits and pieces. But due to the issues my parents were having, I can recall with vivid clarity of what led to the placement, which I shall skip. Just want you to be aware of my memory. 

Anyhow, one evening, I was in the park. I am on my hands and knees, with hands folded as if in prayer. We are Catholic, so I assumed I was praying to the Virgin Mary. Our church was called Our Lady of Guadalupe, which has a huge pic of her in the old church, now a historical site.  

Im there in the park, praying, I assume. I recall that I saw a woman, holding a baby and a toddler and they were beside me. I pointed up to sky and said, "Look." After that I have no memory of what I pointed up to. But for many, many years I believed it was the Virgin Mary. And later come to find out in 1996, I spoke with my sister about the event, and she recalls being in the park as well. 

So, mystery solved, it was the foster woman and my two sisters in the park. My sister was 2 at the time. She recalls seeing the Virgin Mary, but it was a hazy memory. Where as I, have no memory of what I saw. Prior to my conversation with my sister, I had seen a pic of the Virgin Mary and realized I had no memory, so how could it be her, I thought, so that was the reason for my calling my sister. It had just occurred to me, "How could this be when I have such a vivid recollection of what led to the placement?" I would like to mention that I did have a dream of that event, and it was the Virgin Mary. This dream occurred in 2005. And Ive never had one before or after.

Well, many, many years have passed without incident. Then my husband and I were relocating to Miami, Fl. We had our last dinner with family in Santa Fe and we were heading back. Between Santa Fe and ABQ, I saw a huge light at the horizon, west, for quite sometime. There are no lights of any sort. However, it was late and I just kept on looking. And all of a sudden after 15 min or so, it blinked out and never returned.

Fast forward to 2007, I am leaving the country club area across Old Town. I was facing the golf course in my truck, at stop sign. I look up and see three triangular craft, white, shiny white, no windows, no sound, just there hovering over the treetops, and they are on their side. I was facing west. I tried to get to my camera, but I was flustered and kept dropping it in the satchel. It seemed to be following me slowly. By the time I reached Central, they had flown across Rio Grande Blvd towards the freeway, and I no longer could see the crafts. 

I was in amazement and awe of what I had just seen. Well, no more sightings. Its now 2008. Im finishing up my transcription; I work out of my home. It was around 6-7 oclock. I was sitting, with my eyes closed and was FULLY awake, and I could see the fluttering of tree leaves, etc., then all of a sudden I saw in my minds eye, the face of an alien, clear as can be, maybe even clearer than life. I opened my eyes, closed them quickly, and there it was again. I did this twice and by the second or third time, it was no longer there. 

For some reason, this did not alarm me in any way. ODD...I told only a few people who happen to believe in such things. Well, a few other oddities occurred shortly after that. In July 2008, Birds, rows and rows of birds, miles and miles long, I see them one morning at 9:00ish. They are to my left side of my truck, flying north. Then all of a sudden they disappear, it seems, in front of my truck. But before my eyes, they all gathered in a circle, no center. But then all of a sudden, they were in a circle, huge circle, hollow circle. I keep on going. If this is related to anything, Im not certain. But I wanted to point out this incident.

Its 2010, and I am leaving my residence and this is summer, I believe. Im facing east at stop sign and I see a silver cylinder-type craft flying in the field, but disappears before it goes over the freeway. Again, in awe, but not frightened. 

Its still 2010, December or the beginning of January 2011. I happen to work nights. And Im at work, and I decided to go out and have a cup of coffee before waking my client. Its around 5 oclock. I look up at the sky and I pray. While doing so, I see a flash of light and then another. This occurred for about three days straight. I work 3-4 nights at times. So, Im outside on these days. Now Im totally wondering what the heck are these lights. 

Well, the first lights were under the star of Orion. Then others were near the handle of the big dipper. Well, one morning, I was again looking at the star Orion and it flashed, one, two, three, I began to count. At the end of my counting, there was a total of 17 flashes. And during this time, a plane was coming from the north and was flying southwest to begin to land, I assume. I think, "Oh, God, I wish I knew how to get a hold of that pilot, anyone at the tower, to confirm this. Seventeen flashes, holy crap." 

Well, I think its trying to contact me in some way, because my number is 17, in my birth date. I try to be rational in my thoughts, etc. However, no logical explanation can be said for all these flashes of light. Well, shortly after the initial sightings of these flashes, I was out again, in the courtyard, doing my thing, and this jelly-like object, tear-like form, flew across the ski, below tree top level, and just to the right of my head, this thing silently flew by. What the heck???? No noise, nothing.

Several months of these flashes continued. Id keep an eye out every time I worked nights. Sometimes they are star-like, fly by, no flashing, etc.
Well, I take a break from work and no longer go out at night. However, my first morning of my break, I go let the dogs out, and there is the flashing light, not brightly as usual, rather dimly, but its near my residence, which isnt too far from the clients house, approx, six blocks. But this light is closer than its ever been. HMMMMM.

I don't go out for several months, 6-7, I believe. But one night I told my son, coming home from the movies, I told him that I Facebooked a generic message that I havent seen my Heavenly Flasher." Well, as we are almost home, he says, "Theres your light." I thought he was joking. And once we parked, I said, "Wow, this is the same light I see at work and the same light I saw when I stopped working." 

This light is in our grid, not more than two intersections west, or south and north. We three saw it and it was low in the sky. It kept flashing dimly, but then it would be all of as sudden in the west, towards the west mesa, then back, flash for a bit, then off again to the southwest and so on. It did this for 1.5 hours approx.  Then I told my son to run upstairs and flash it with a heavy duty flash light. He did so, and it immediately left and didn't come back. We all went to bed. But about an hour later he came to tell me that it was back. I didn't go out again. I have no explanation for it, and Ive been seeing it a lot, so I didn't bother again that night.

I moved across town, literally. Well, after a few nights, I go out, same time, but to let my dogs out. Again, there are the lights, sometimes they flash, but mostly fly by. This goes on for a few months. But one morning, Im out there looking up at the sky as usual, I see a few fly by, no flashing. But coming from the north is one, and coming from the southwest, flying towards northwest is a commercial plane. I think, "Are they going to crash? And surely the pilot can see this light." Its dim, but visible. 

Well, they don't crash, but they do pass each other. As Im thinking about wishing I could speak to that pilot, I see in the northwest sky, where I now live, northwest part of town, I witness miles and miles long, of what I can only describe as polygraph-type of electrical sighting. It was straight across the sky. It did look like a polygraph line, only electrical lighting, bright and miles long. Then it was gone. I don't remember exactly if it just disappeared or what.

After that incident, I began to really believe these lights, craft, whatever, are following me. I see them in different parts of the city. I call it my grid, so to speak. I begin working now, again, nights. And its in the northeast, closer to northwest. However, I have been seeing them regularly in the early morning hours, same time frames. I see more than one. Sometimes four to five, they don't always flash. Sometimes one will fly very close to me, tree top level, no trees, however, brightly light. The light covers the craft. One thing, though, they seem to zigzag across the sky, if that makes sense. 

The flashing has decreased this last year 2012, 2013. I had an opportunity to spend the night in Santa Fe several times this past summer. I went out at the same time. No luck first couple of tries. However, my last night visiting my family, I see two fly by, no flashes.

Well, this concludes of what Ive been seeing. Oh, during the times when I first began seeing them, my client had a childs monitor. After a bit, I began to think that when I would see them, that damn monitor would make the most awful, nerve wracking noise ever. 

Now, I do have one more thing to report. On Saturday, Oct 19. 2013, I was at my residence and my husband and I were getting ready for a fundraiser in Santa Fe. He was in the shower, I was in my room near a window. It was a beautiful day, NO CLOUDS in sight. Around 10ish, all of a sudden the sky went dark, like a snowy day, no sunshine day. It darkened my room, the bathroom. It was as if something so humungous was able to block out the sun, really? Yes, really!!!!! I looked out and I could only see a shadow-like pass over the house. I asked my husband, "Did you see that?" His response was, "Yes. I thought you turned the light off." I said, "No. What the hell could block out the sun like that?"  

The sun was shining so beautifully, with no clouds in sight, as I mentioned. No noise, no engine noise from airplanes, etc. To me, I feel this was a craft of some sort, possibly military or alien in nature. Just wanted to pass that on in the event there were sightings of some kind on that day. 

Thank you for allowing me to write all this down. One thing, [SORRY], I have not gone out in my new residence to look for lights since I moved here. However, I live in the southwest area of town and work in the northeast, northwest area, and I am seeing the lights. They pass by and don't flash, but dim out once I see them. 

FYI: When this first started, I told a friend and she had me log on to a sight on YouTube. We were looking for something else. But we couldnt locate the site. But while I was looking, I did come across the same type of sightings that I was seeing, the flashing lights, the flybys, etc. This was in Artesia, New Mexico. Once I saw them, I knew I wasnt alone and others were seeing exactly the same thing. And we would go to the same spots in the sky looking for them. Made me a little happier.

Perhaps you will go to YouTube and look for those sightings and you will see what Ive been seeing. Another thing, how odd for it to make itself known by the star of Orion. I love that star and have been looking up at it since 1985. Never knowing anything about it. Never reading anything about it or seeing anything flash by it until now. I love watching anything that has information about that particular star. 

Again, thank you. I hope I was able to convey my story in a rational manner. I do believe I saw something awesome when I was three. I still want to know what I saw. I wonder all the time why am I not able to recall that image....I do feel wonderment, awe, etc. Im not afraid when I see them, since I am always alone in the dark, in the early morning hours. Ive never really experienced lost time. Ive had a few odd dreams, but don't know if they are related, perhaps they are. 

Sincerely, 

Laura
