{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-11 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482971","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76971","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3100,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/971/mufon-5482971.json","updb_database_id":5482971}
Two UFO's near each other in close proximity to Sun. One unusual with details on it.

Hi

I have observed numerous UFO's on SOHO satellite images over the last 3 days or so, in fact too many to report..though I have been collecting numerous good images.

However I need to report the following..without delay.

Two craft in close proximity to each other and the Sun.

They are clearly technologically advanced craft as they are metallic and one in particular shows much detail, quite marvelous in fact.

First craft is possibly a multi layered flying disk of some sort.

Other craft, (of which a close-up is included) looks to me vaguely reminiscent of one of the old fashioned divers helmets in general shape. It has a light on its side, and it seems to be similar on the 'front' aswell (facing to left), though no light is on. 

The body is metallic and reflective of its surroundings.

My impression is that it might be travelling from right to left, but this may not be the case.

Quite frankly I was amazed at the sheer detail on this thing. I stared at it for quite some time, mostly in an attempt to estimate its size. It seems close to what probably is a large flying disc and is big and bulky by comparison. 

Size is indeterminate, but likely large to very large given the way it is so prominent near the bottom right of the main SOHO picture...and in comparison to other objects.

Please note: There are in fact multiple objects of interest on this main SOHO picture, but I happen to be focussing in particular on the "diving helmet" due to the factors I have gone into.

I am not sure if relative distances are a big factor or not. Probably not to any significant level, but you may wish to analyse things further.

MUFON definitely needs to see this craft in particular which is why I am sending it to you ASAP.

FYI file 4 is the most important/interesting image for me. File 5 is a mistaken repetition of file#3.

Please make some comment when you can.

Kind Regards
Your Witness
