{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-07-27 21:51:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466971","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93704","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3598,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/971/mufon-5466971.json","updb_database_id":5466971}
{cak} Photographed orb near the moon, couldn't see with naked eye

1. I was at home sitting on my balcony.

2. I didn't notice the object until I looked at the photo I had taken. The moon looked especially eerie and it seemed like a wonderful photo opportunity. I took several photos, as I was using my phone at night they didn't look too great. At first I thought it was a double image somehow until I realized that you can see the clouds behind and in front of the object.

3. My first thought was that I was getting a double image of the moon somehow. I have photographed the moon with this phone many times, this has never happened before. After I realized I could see clouds in front of and behind it, I just kept taking pictures. It got strange when the object actually disappeared and came back a few times.

4. No actions, no motion, it stayed in one place the whole time. The only thing strange that I noticed is that my downstairs neighbors, across from me were having a loud party, the only times the orb disappeared was when someone from that party would leave. Over the course of an hour it disappeared three times, each time as some of the people left that apartment but then it would return. As for the object, it looked like a really bright star. As I zoomed in on it, it was much too large and close to be a star.

5. Honestly, I have seen MANY strange things in the sky, I was super excited! This is the first time I have seen anything in Idaho and I have truly been waiting for it! I have never seen anything of this size before, or at least of this shape. I just wanted to take as many photos as I could but it has been my experience in the past that for one reason or anything, the photos like to come out poorly or not at all. As it kept disappearing, I kept trying to "give it a minute" so I could hopefully catch it again.

6. I lost sight of the object for good once the moon was completely behind the clouds. It seemed to follow the moon. At one point during one of the times it disappeared a plane flew over my apartment, kind of low, it was headed South. After the last time it disappeared another plane few over, this time headed North and it flew over the exact spot the orb had been.
