{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-10-01 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530971","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24488","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2516,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/971/mufon-5530971.json","updb_database_id":5530971}
Rectangular light turned night into day no shadow produced by lite approximate size 3/4 to 1 mile seen by hundreds.

My girlfriend and I were parked beside an old white barn we had our eyes closed our heads on each others shoulder when a bright light hit us we thought it was her brother who had a habit of driving back there. When we opened our eyes expecting to see his car lights on bright apx. 150 feet away coming around the corner of the barn we were shocked to see that the night had turned to day and no car! I looked to my left to my amazment up in the sky there was a perfect rectangle not solid it looked like those neon lights people put around there license plates I could see cloudes inside it! If it was a mile long it would have been about 1/8 mile tall the left end was lower the thing was at about a 25 degree angle. It stayed there for a few seconds then the left lower end started moving toward the other the light intensity stayed the same from the time it started shrinking, which took 10 to 15 seconds then when the two ends met the day went back to night without a sound. As I stated this gave no shadow the spot where her brothers car should have been was on what should have been the shaded side of the barn but being as the barn was white it seemed to the brightest place around.  Our local TV station WPSD said several hundred people called in about the "LIGHT" in the sky! I don't know if this fact factors in but all this occured in close proxsimity to what at the time was called the ATOMIC plant where a large, large portion of our weapons grade fisionable material was made!!!    My vantage point on this object seemed to be about 90 degrees if one were to contact others who saw it we might be able to determine more about its true size and if it had more than just the 2 dimisions I saw or if it had thickness and what the hell was this thing it has been in my head for close to 40 years!!!
