{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-07-03 15:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283971","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119458","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7697,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/971/mufon-5283971.json","updb_database_id":5283971}
bronze colored, classic hamburger shape vehicle close to the new east bay span of the S.F. Bay Bridge (near west Oakland)

I remember the date because it was the day before the 4th of July (hence, the 3rd). I'm not certain of the year. It was at least 7 or 8 years ago. I'll reveal why I'm report this event at this late date, later on. I was driving my client's car (assistance and care giving), with him in the car, along freeway 580, going from Point Richmond, CA to the dog park along the Richmond shore (there's a big Costco near by). There are spots along that section of 580 where you have a clear view of the S.F. Bay Bridge. As I was driving, something told me to look towards the Bay Bridge. I saw a metallic, hamburger shaped object that had a dull bronze-ish coloration. As I was driving, I didn't want to focus too much upon it. I also knew that we would be stopping soon at the Richmond Dog Park, and that I would get an even closer view from there (assuming it was still there, which I was not hoping to be the case). I knew of two other objects that would fly close to the eastern span of the Bay Bridge: they were the advertising blimp that flies out of Oakland Airport and goes over the Giants baseball park in S.F. (AT&T Park), and the biplane - also coming out of Oakland Airport - that tows advertising banners over S.F. as well. These are prominent on days when the S.F. Giants are playing in town. I do not think they were playing in S.F. on this day. Regardless, I quickly ascertained that this was not the biplane towing the advertising banner. This more resembled the blimp in terms of shape (not color). However, this was on a fairly windy day, and this object did not 'bob up and down' in the wind, the way that the blimp does. It was perfectly stationary, not far from the Bay Bridge (between my location and the eastern span) - on a day that was quite windy! It slowly drifted towards S.F., and basically mimicked the route that the small advertising blimp takes over S.F. It definitely went over the vicinity of AT&T Park. It continued on until it reached the ubiquitous line of fog that was positioned somewhere over Diamond Heights in S.F. Once this object entered the fog it made a bright flash. In the center of the flash was what I can only describe as being a 'corona'. Then the object was back by the Bay Bridge again. I can't remember if it drifted back into position (I believe it did), or if it just suddenly reappeared in its previous spot. As I remember, this whole cycle repeated at least two more times. My viewing of it lasted the entire time we were at the park, which I estimate to be roughly 45 minutes. Keep in mind that I was with my client - an older man with poor eyesight (in need of cataract surgery) - and that we were walking his 'chocolate' Labrador dog. The dog was a 'hand full', so I had to keep much of my concentration on the task at hand. I dared not ask others around if they saw the same thing or not, out of fear they would just shrug theirs shoulders and say "so what!"; claim that it was the blimp from Oakland Airport (the most 'logical' explanation), or say that they didn't see anything at all (the scariest prospect of all, I suppose)! It might also be that I wanted to harbor this experience for myself. Regardless, I did not ask others for their input. For a long time, I wondered if what I had seen, might have simply been the blimp out of Oakland Airport. As we walked Bruno (the dog) frequently at the Richmond Dog Park, we happened to be there one one day when the blimp was there!!! The coloring of the blimp was completely different. As this was also a windy day, the blimp bobbed up and down as it went along. As it made its turn back towards S.F., it made a very wide sweep (due to the wind). The object I saw saw simply drifted west towards S.F., with the wind making no effect upon it at all! At some point, it must have gone over the top of the S.F. Bay Bridge. As I said, it passed somewhere over the vicinity of AT&T Park, then made contact with the fog bank over Diamond Heights, which is just due east of what we call Noe Valley in S.F. (all this can easily be seen on a map). The reason I'm reporting this now, is that I'm harboring the vague possibility that whomever was piloting the vehicle (or the 'brains' behind it), might have been trying to pass a message about the Corona Virus to me. I contracted what I'm fairly certain to have been 'long Covid' in January of 2020 - immediately after New Year's Day. I stayed down for six weeks, as I knew that this was not any ordinary flu. I never had a fever, but had the classic symptom of losing taste and smell. I was extremely fatigued. Keep in mind that the term "Covid" or "Corona Virus" was not known far another several months. I believe that I contracted this nasty virus in Berkeley, CA - home of my client. I was exposed to many Berkeley students. Not to 'pass the buck', but there are many Asian students at Cal Berkeley. Many of those may have gone back to China (and elsewhere) for the Christmas Holiday break. Many of them were getting back to U.C. Berkeley at this point. I think that this is a logical explanation of how I contracted this virus at such an early date. I would like to give a few more bits of info. about myself. This was not my first encounter, nor has it been my last. However, it was the most 'significant' encounter for me. I also want you to know that I was a personal friend of UFO investigator Fred Beckman. Fred considered himself to be J. Allen Hynek's 'third man', second only to Jacques Vallee. I never met Mr. Vallee through Beckman, but I did meet the retired AMES Research engineer who first interviewed the Japan Airlines (cargo) pilot who encountered the big UFO 'mother ship' off of Alaska, sometime - I believe - in the early 1980's. That man's name was Richard something (I can't remember now). He was very nice and very interesting. I also saw J. Allen Hynek speak at the C.S.U. Chico campus in, I believe, 1977 - well before I ever met Fred Beckman. I believe Project Bluebook not even fully closed by 1977. In addition, I saw Linda Mouton Howe give a presentation on cattle mutilations and crop circles at some 'new age' fair event in S.F. in the 1990's. Anyway, my first 'encounter' was a few years before the one I'm describing here. I was with an older woman friend, having dinner at Bursa Restaurant (Middle Eastern food) on West Portal Street on the west side of San Francisco. The restaurant is still there (and very recommendable) It was getting near closing time, and I was standing and talking with my friend in front of the restaurant. It was a very clear night, but not too cold. Something told me to look straight up in the air. Above me, I saw a small dot,. However, the dot then became smaller and more faint as I kept watching it - giving the appearance that it was moving straight up from an already high elevation. It simply disappeared. I've had another encounter of that type, but I won't go into now. I've typed enough already! I would love to talk about this case with someone directly.
