{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-19 17:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512971","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45324","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2384,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/971/mufon-5512971.json","updb_database_id":5512971}
(GS) Silver Strand Beach, Oxnard,ca...Red pulsating disc heading northbound with a flight pattern resembling a question mark...

It was about 6:00 pm and the sun had just set and I was helping my girlfriend unload some stuff for the beachcomber bar and as I was coming out to grab the last couple things I look up at the sky and see a bright red pulsating object to the south right over the Navy CBC (construction battalion corps) base main radar station located at the end of silver strand beach. I know the air traffic very well around here and as soon as I saw it I knew it wasnt any normal type of aircraft. I shouted to my girlfriend, who is a total skeptic, to come see and she was baffled by its appearance and flight pattern. It was bright red and it pulsated and as it flew overhead we noticed a red cone shaped light that seemed to slowly rotate around the object and at the same time the object itself seemed to be burning like a flare would but pulsated also....Thats the best way I can describe it.... The flight pattern was in the shape of a question mark... So.. as my girlfriend and I are both walking in circles in the middle of the street with our heads to the sky a neighbor walks up and asks what is so intriguing in the sky, so I pointed, and she continues to tell me, "Oh ya! We saw that lastnight.....it must be some new plane or something." I quickly replied, "I highly doubt it! Our planes make noise this thing is silent!" As soon as I said that it disappeared. My uncle worked for Northrop/Grumman on the B-2 spirit and many other projects and knowing what flys in the air has been second nature to me. This is definitely was something Ive never seen before.
