{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-10 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495971","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63445","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4126,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/971/mufon-5495971.json","updb_database_id":5495971}
Black disc with bright aura after Bilderberg event.

The reasons I waited two years before coming out with my story is that I thought my sighting was a common one. After searching online and looking at many of the pictures I realized my sighting can be absolutely counted in the top five per cent for clarity and for the fact that certainly what I saw couldn't be confused with anything I knew.

Let's start from the beginning: at the time I was living in the North of Watford near a hotel called Grove and where from the sixth to the ninth of June 2013 it was held the Bilderberg group meeting, a closed-door gathering where prime ministers and tycoons meet every year. I had never seen before such a high level of security and hundreds of police men gathered from all around England to patrol the area. I remember an helicopter day and night flying over the area, even weeks before. A metallic fence was built all around the hotel and an entire road was closed, forcing the people living there to go to work with the passport.

When the gathering finished all the security shutdown completely in just few hours. It was one of two days after the end of the Bilderberg that I had my sighting. It was about ten o'clock in the evening, and the bedroom's window, facing the other way of the hotel, was open. A light brighter than the stars captured my attention and I started looking more closely to try to figure out what it was. Then the light became brighter and brighter, moving toward me, until I clearly recognized a disc shaped object completely black with the light all around. I couldn't explain how the object could still be so dark, when it was completely sorrounded by a light. It was like if the center of the object was not emitting any lights and that didn't make any sense to me. 

But even before thinking this, my first thought was: then they really exist! And they are really like they have always been described!

I tried to reach out my phone with the eyes fixed on the object. But I didn't want to loose any seconds of a so important moment, and then when it started moving away on my right I realized it was too late for a shoot. It drifted away slowly and it took more than 30 seconds to disappear. 

When it was closer, I didn't hear any sounds coming from the object, but the details were so clear that if it had been an airplane I could have clearly seen the windows. However the shape was solid black and I could only recognize it because of the bright light around. It was like a disc with a sort of bump along the lower side and a dome on the top of it.

Afterwards I thought it could have been a drone, considering that the Bilderberg was held the days before. I googled extensively about all the types of drones, but I couldn't find any that could explain my sighting. I also couldn't find any reports in the local news. However when I searched in Youtube words like "Bilderberg", "Watford" and "ufo" I could find a video about drones. So it looked like drones were deployed over the area, but they were so different from what I saw that I simply ignored those videos.

Now I often feel angry for the biggest error in my life: not having been able to take a picture of what I saw that day, and for not being able to talk about it without being considered crazy.

I hope someone can give me some more information about similar sighting. I'm not interested in other types of ufos, lights, strange objects. I wanna only have some more context about that particular kind of disc shaped black objects.
