{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-08-15 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497540","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61815","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3072,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/540/mufon-5497540.json","updb_database_id":5497540}
{dr}Cigar Shaped Craft observed with Humanoid Silhouettes on-board

Witness reported this incident that happened when he was a 16 year old boy out for the day with his cousin playing at a friend's house in the northern part of the town of Dulce, NM. They were heading home in the early evening when he spotted a light to the East and said to his cousin "Hey man, check out that light." His cousin replied "I'm watching it" but he was looking in the opposite direction to the West. When the witness looked to see what his cousin was looking at he observed a cigar shaped object with spinning lights in the center. His words are "So we looked,and we saw the big UFO. It was cigar shaped and there were multiple lights spinning in the middle of the UFO. He said it was like a football field in size.

His words follow; We stopped and we just couldn1t believe what we were seeing. I was like 1Oh man I gotta go tell my dad!1 So, my dad was home watching wrestling. And we started running towards the house. I wanted to go tell him, you gotta see this so people can believe what we saw. So we started running and I am over there banging on my father1s door. He1s like, 1 I1m watching wrestling.1 But, I1m banging and I1m screaming at him like, 1Dad! Dad! You gotta see this! A UFO!1 He gets up and it1s a little frustrated. He1s like 1Well this better be good.1 And opens the door and looks at us, all my cousin and I could do was point to the west of town. Which was actually, just a mile and half from my father1s house going east. My dad looks out the door, and he was like, 1Oh my God!1 he was in law enforcement, so he gets his handheld radio and calls to the Dulce dispatch. Then, says 1 We have an unidentified flying object right above [Name Redacted] house towards sawmill canyon.1 And so, he got the binoculars and we were just stunned. I was like, 1Wow!1 we looked through the binoculars and you could see the cigar shaped UFO, with the lights spinning, but there was like glass on top. And when we looked through the binoculars, and I can say that I saw a humanoid silhouettes. And we were just stunned. And we watched it and they called it out on the air, so like tribal police units, game and fish units, and other tribal units, but that was just something I1ll never forget. And my witnesses were my father and my cousin, who later became a preacher. I got two credible witnesses to that story. And it was so amazing. I1ll never forget it. I have no explanation for it.
