{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-08-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527540","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28084","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2770,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/540/mufon-5527540.json","updb_database_id":5527540}
approx 40-50' across on a circle of light.

I worked for GTE for thirty plus years and my wife at the time owned and operated a preschool on a public school system property. My wife,two kids, 7 and 11, and I were driving home after picking up the kids at grandmas. We lived in Hauser a little community North of North Bend, Oregon. We turned off of Hwy 101 onto North Bay Drive and then we made a left onto North Way, where we lived 3'2 miles up the inlet. As we turned left we saw two very bright lights on top of the mountain abpout a mile away. The mountain makes the road split into two roads, one short road to the left and No. Way to the right. I thought and then said "they must be doing hoot owl logging". The practise of logging at night when temps are lower. But almost immedeatly we both said that's odd as is wasn't that hot, we lived on the coast and they wouldn't start that early anyway. We watched as we drove up on the pavement and about a mile up the lights went away. We were trying to figure that out as we ended the pavemet and turned right on the gravel. I said 
"tommorow morning I am going to drive up the montain and see who's doing what." As we rounded the corner we saw this big cicle craft with a ring of lights attached to it, and the lights on the craft rotated around pretty fast. We stopped the car and as both my wife and I opened our doors, my kids had rolled down the windows in our two door. Right over our heads this craft was hovering directly above the trees and us. Maybe 50 or so feet high. I said something like "oh my God what is that?" We watched for a short time and as we were watching it made a wooshing sound anf lifted and headed to the right, which was away from the mountain, and toward the field. We couldn't see an more of this craft. It was shocking, interesting and any doubt that some one or thing has a craft like this is long gone for all of us. It was something to see and we talked about it often. Unbelievable yet it happeded to us. I told many and I'm sure behind my back some laughed at me. I don't care. It happened exactly as me or my ex wife and kids would tell you. Thanks for listening. *(Wit's name deleted--CMS/sg).
