{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-09 22:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516540","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41578","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3788,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/540/mufon-5516540.json","updb_database_id":5516540}
(GS) Mom and I saw UFOs out the patio wile talking in the living room and went to investigate.

I came home from the local county fair after hanging out with friends and walked into the house and sat down on the couch and my mom sits on the chair right across from where I am. As we we begin talking, I am just watching out the patio door window wile sitting on the couch" I always watch out the patio door at night to look at the stars and or to watch for people that like to knocked and or pound on our house" and then I see what at first looks like a plane. I Realized a plane and or helicopter not only does not have that many lights but the craft has lights in a unique configuration" the description of the Craft was like 2 rounded edge Pie Pans put together and it was dark to where I only was able to get that shape from the lights that are all around the aircraft" and before I saw it, it had to have flown over our house, but I nore my mom heard any thing. So then as I was responding to my mom after a question she had asked. I then stopped and said What the F is that. My mom responds saying what do you see ? at that point I tell her to come over and look out the patio door window. "By the way all this time the object was moving only at about 40 possibly 30 MPH". The Craft had 2 white lights on each side of the craft, 1 white light underneath the craft, and 2 red and 2 blue lights and 1 yellowish light, I cant fully recall the full detail of the light configurations but the craft made 4-5 different types of light flashing patterns and seemed to roll about 5-10 degrees to the left and right before flying over some tree tops to where My mom and I lost visual of the craft. My mom and I then step outside onto the porch to see if we can hear any thing, but it was totally silent "We had the patio door open and the patio screen door closed so we could let some cool air into the house" Then a bit off to our left we start seeing a Yellowish light starting to get bright after being about as bright as red hot metal, it then slowly starts getting brighter and brighter, and is moving and hovering on and off. Then the light gets so bright its about 1/4 as bright as the sun and then off to the left of this light I see basically the same type of light/craft starting to go from no light to red hot metal color and it gets about halfway to maximum intensity and the first light starts to diminish and ends up disappearing, by the time the first light disappeared the second light is hitting maximum intensity, and then stays there for about 6 seconds and then rapidly burns out and also disappears , I then try to move around the yard to see if I could see it again and then I see a red light moving very fast across the sky, but this is like a large star or orb and is pulsating like a cellphone tower does but this light is much brighter and is somewhat a bit slower, and it pulses about 3-4 times before it also disappear, and that is the last of the UFOs that I saw that night. To be honest during the whole sighting I was a bit surprised but the biggest feeling was curiosity, I wasnt afraid or nervous or any thing. If any one has any questions, feel free to email me.
