{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-07 21:52:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292540","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110781","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3094,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/540/mufon-5292540.json","updb_database_id":5292540}
A bright and strong lime green circular light traveled in front of me on my drive home from work, traveling from east to west

I left work at roughly 9:40pm Friday August 7th, 2020 and traveled to a local gas station to fill up. I got gas at a Dandy Mini Mart in Wysox PA and took Route 187 South home towards Terry Town, PA. Traveling south for about three minutes I just got down a small hill right before Echo Beach road, the part of it that has the little bar on the road, when a bright lime green circular light appears in the sky. When I say appears I mean the sky was empty aside from the stars and then suddenly this sizable green light is just there. It started on the east side of the road, traveled westward in front of me, nearly perpendicular to my trajectory, crossed over the road and then took a rather sharp turn towards the south and then disappeared as quickly as it appeared. I heard no additional sounds caused by it, and the light was unlike any I’ve seen from the hundreds of planes I’ve seen cross the sky in my life. I even saw a plane maybe 5 minutes after I saw the light and it made me feel like the light was very possibly not a plane I know of. The sighting left me feeling like I was almost acknowledged by the light, not in like a threatening way, but more like almost a friendly wave you’d give a neighbor you don’t really know? No electronics in my car, nor my car itself experienced anything strange, thankfully. Initially I thought the light could have been a firecracker or bottle rocket because fireworks of all kinds being set off at all times of night is common in my area, especially since there is a small bar near where I saw it. The lack of sound, consistent altitude, steady flight path, steady powerful light, and specifically the sudden turn in the flight path pretty quickly made me realize it was indeed not a firework of any type. It also had no trail behind it and most fireworks I know of leave little light trails. The sighting was probably only between 7-10 seconds long, but what I did see was very clear to me, no trees are there to obstruct my view and there is basically only light from the stars to guide me so there was nothing that could have polluted my vision. Nearly immediately after I saw the light and realized what was going on, I slowed down to nearly a stop and sent a text to my sister and told her I might have seen something weird, and the time stamp on that text was 9:54pm so I must have seen the light around 9:52pm.
