{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-29 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522540","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33513","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2974,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/540/mufon-5522540.json","updb_database_id":5522540}
lights came at us slowly, stopped then rose vertically NE and NW

On the 29th of October, at about 8pm, I was sitting by a campfire with my friend and talking about the previous day and how special energies were reported to have come to the planet. I commented that I had not experienced anything out of the ordinary. I added that another friend had mentioned hearing that this new energy would allow UFOs to make more contact with us incrementally so the public wouldn't be frightened until we all were ready for first major contact.

As I spoke, two other folks walked by and into my friend's lumber yard looking for wood.

Suddenly, my friend looked behind me and upwards and asked, "what in the hell is that?"

I turned to see what appeared to be the front single front light of an aircraft coming directly toward us from the north, through the gap in two large trees across the road. The light appeared to be quite a distance away, perhaps miles
.
I first thought it to be an aircraft coming on an unusual glidepath to either Sacramento or San Francisco airports but instead of the usual steady or blinking white landing lights turned on when starting a procedure that I have observed near airports on several occasions, the sole light was larger than usual, and reddish/orange with a tinge of yellow on top in color.

The light proceeded slowly and directly toward us then abruptly stopped, stayed still for a moment or two, then started slowly upward toward the NE behind the tree.

Just as the first one moved upward, a second light just like the first repeated the procedure, then a third, then a fourth, only the fourth one moved upward toward the NW, to the left.

As we were gazing and commenting to each other about "what the hell are we watching?", the couple emerged from the yard and the woman exclaimed, "what in the world is that?"

The man suggested that they might be flares on parachutes but flares on parachutes definately do not move toward us, stop then move upward completely out of sight behind the trees as these lights did. And, except for the lights, there were no other things to be seen, like smoke or reflections of a parachute.

Just last week my friend called me to check out Yahoo Sports where a link was posted, "UFOs spotted above a highschool football game on Oct. 29th in Scottsdale AZ!"   at about the same time of night.
