{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-10 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485540","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74189","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4482,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/540/mufon-5485540.json","updb_database_id":5485540}
Extreme light, dog goes crazy, and memory loss, only affected one family member

Hello

I'm not sure what I saw or didn't see. I did not see a UFO or any E.T's so this will not be a very exciting story, but it is something that I can not explain. There is no explanation for what I saw. 

My event took place in Northern Ireland and this story takes us back to either 2010, 2011 or possibly 2012. The truth is I can't remember, I think it was in 2011. I can't remember the time of year at all, if I had to guess I'd say April or May. 

One night between 1am and 3am I was awoken from my sleep by our dog barking at something outside. I live in the country not really near anything. 
At first I assumed it was the dog barking at a fox or someting but as I lay there I noticed there was a much more vicious tone in her bark, so I assumed maybe there was an intruder or something. 
My bedroom is on the second floor so I have a good view of our back yard and the Fields at the back of the house. There is also a lot of trees around our property. 
So I went to the window looked out through my blinds and could see the dog looking in a north/ northeast direction. My parents room extends out from the back of the house and was blocking my view plus it was a bit dark to see anything clearly beyond the tree line. It was a particularly bright night as I could see the dog in the yard at 2 or 3 in the morning. She is white so easy to make out. 
Anyway she continued and continued to bark for maybe 20 minutes. Now the strange thing was that she was barking like she was about to attack something or someone (which was very very unlike this dog as she is very timid and friendly and would never really bark) but she was barking for this amount of time and my parents did not wake up and she was right below their room and my mum would be a very light sleeper. 
She sort of stopped for a bit and I got back into bed. It was unlike me, I felt very uneasy for some reason. I knew something wasn't right so I couldn't sleep and then next thing maybe after 5 or 10 minutes the dog started going berserk again, and as I went to the window I couldn't see her any longer. 
I lifted the blinds completely up to Improve my view. The next thing that happened is dorm thing I will never forget. 
There was a huge huge bright explosion of light that lite up the entirety of outside and strangely for a light who's source was outside, it lite up the inside of my room completely. 
The way I describe it to people is if someone took a photo of you on a disposable camera or something and held the the flash bit up at your eyes and took the photo you be blinded by the flash. It was like that expect strangely I wasn't blinded by it. 
It was a blue light, not yellow or white or a mix of colours, it was a really really bright blue powerful light. 
Unfortunately the ending of this story doesn't end with me saying and then i saw a UFO. 
I have never been as afraid in my life, it was fear like I never felt. I turned, and ran straight for my bed. 
I don't remember getting into bed, or laying in bed thinking about what had just happened, or whether or not the dog continued to bark. I remember nothing after turning to run for my bed. 
Strangely I woke up the next morning not having remembered anything about the event. 
It was only maybe a week or possibly more I remembered and told my parents. 
I know there's nothing special about seeing a light, it could have been a guy doing some fox hunting in one of the fields behind our house with one of those powerful lamps, or maybe it was a bolt of lightening. Well it was an extremely calm night and there was no weird weather and I can tell you it was no lamp. This light was so strong and lite absolutely everything up. 
The fact I can't remember even getting into bed creeps me out. 

Anyway I hope you enjoyed reading about my experience. 
Thanks
