{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-08 12:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519540","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37357","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3830,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/540/mufon-5519540.json","updb_database_id":5519540}
took photos of family atop cacapon state park mtns with two seperate cameras, caught ufos in lense of cameras

Let me start by saying that I am a member of the Air Force. I have worked around several different types of Aircraft and have seen just about every aircraft in our inventory. 

I brought my family to West Virginia for the Easter holiday to spend with some relatives. On Easter Day we decided to travel(about 25 minutes or so) to Cacapon State Park at approximately 1230 hrs. We drove all the way to the top of the mountain(which the road was constructed in 2007)to the lookout point that views the entire valley and adjacent mountain range. I started to take photos with my camera phone(about a 3.2MP camera). I took several photos of my oldest son and of the valley and mtns. I took out my canon T1i DSLR to take photos of the landscape and of the family. I snapped probably around 20-30 photos. During our visit to the state park we did not hear or notice anything in the sky. It was a perfect day, about 65 degrees, partly cloudy. We were on top of the mtn for approximately an hour. Once we got back to my relatives house we started to view the photos on the phone to show some family members. I noticed something in the photo that caught my attention, an object in the sky. I zoomed in and it is the shape of a disc-like object. I am skeptical to begin with(I immediately thought it could be a predator drone from one of our bases not far away) so I pulled out my Canon T1i to see if there were any anomalies in those photos. Not only were there anomalies, there was a similar object in several of the photos. This object made no sound and stayed in the area for a decent amount of time as you can tell by the cloud cover that varies in several of the photos. The reason I know it is not a drone or something that we fly is because in one photo it is in a completely vertical position(we don't just hover in the vertical position unless it is an F-22 raptor, which makes a lot of noise). Also, in several of the photos there are twin discs, one large and one small. Identical in different pictures.

I showed these to several people(Air Force affiliated) and they believe there is something unexplainable in these photos). 

The only reason I have contacted mufon is because this is the only organization I know of that deals with these sightings legitimately. 

I only know of "mufon" from an article I read about regarding a 1978 incident at Fort Dix/McGuire AFB which sparked my interest because of how it is very well documented, and how credible it seems.

I hope these photos spark your interest and if you would like to contact me please do not hesitate.

I have three photos, that are very interesting and show different aspects of the craft but due to some family members being in the photos I feel it prudent to not include them. I will send them via email if requested. The photos show double objects, one vertical, one horizontal(in same photo). They also show dimensions.
