{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-27 06:19:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527474","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28151","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3696,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/474/mufon-5527474.json","updb_database_id":5527474}
Flying object that looked like a ferris wheel with lights around it where the seats would be like a ferris wheel.

On the morning of September 27th a we were parked outside the hopital we were building called Pornuef medical center. As we were waiting for work to begin a 7a.m. we usually get to parking early around 620a.m. so it was still very dark in th e morning. From our position the hopital sits on top of a hill and you can see the town of pocatello and the mountains behind heading towards utah. Being a Navy veteran and a ufo enthusiast Im always looking up at the sky for unidentified objects. On that morning I looked out to the mountains towards Utah, as I was looking a white light suddenly appeared virtually out of nowhere. It came down, and settled on a flight pattern too low to be a satellite. As I observed this object I realized it had no navigation lights which are common among manmade flying objects as we all know. This was the first red flag that alerted me as this is a tell tale sign that what I was looking at might be a ufo. I looked over at my work partner and was telling him what I was seeing in the sky, he sleepy didn't even bother to look. As I kept watching this object I realized I had binoculars under the passenger seat as I had attended a college football game on sat in Boise. I looked through the binos and at this time it had moved across the sky slowly flying toward Idaho Falls. It did not look like a plane as there is a small airport in Pocatello and Idaho falls which is what initially what i thought. Upon gazing at this vehicle through the binos it looked like a ferris wheel with white lights around it. I could not see the center of it but did notice the lights. I became convinced it was a ufo and not a plane or helicopter, it had no nav lights on it what so ever. I was very excited about the sighting and told everyone I worked with and even drew a picture of it. Everyone was skeptical about it and most made fun of me. Since then Ive been looking at pictures of ufo's and have not seen a ufo that fits this description. Also the year before this sighting I was in Shelby, Montana visiting family around July the 11th at about 1030p.m. we were at a fair in shelby. When everyone left as it is a small town I was waiting for my brother inlaw and a friend to return to the vehicle because we were leaving. I noticed a couple walking to their vehicle and they were looking up at the sky, so I looked and seen a white light with no nav lights too low to be a satellite moving across the sky very slowly. I told my brother inlaw about it, the next day the local paper had an article in it about someone calling the sheriffs department reporting a ufo sighting and that this witness was very excited about it. I showed the article to my brother in law and I told him see I told you I seen something in the sky. Im very exited about having 2 sightings in back to back years, I will keep looking up into the sky untill I see another. I did not have any photos of these sightings but am still very exited about it. We are not alone *(Wit's name deleted--CMS/sg).
