{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-10-08 03:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457474","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104098","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9504,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/474/mufon-5457474.json","updb_database_id":5457474}
{rjl} Sightings and I guess I’d say a mental abduction with physical contact in my room.

I became a professional mover in 2004 for united van lines. I owned my own semi truck and was an over the road contractor. I moved people’s household goods all over the country. I saw unexplainable lights over different areas of the country multiple times. The event I’m telling here is a few different events that to me are all related.
 Everything started the summer of 2006. A good friend of mine was with me and we had finished loading someone’s house in Phoenix AZ late in the evening. Once we finished we started heading to my house in Bullhead City AZ. It’s about a 6 hr drive in a fully loaded semi truck. As we got close to Kingmam AZ around 12 pm we noticed 3 greenish blue orbs in a triangular pattern. We watched them as we got closer to Kingman and they appeared to be stationary until the point we feel they realized we noticed them for what they where. At that point they began moving along with us very slowly. From Kingman to Bullhead you have to climb a small pass and then descend into a large valley called Golden Valley. Once we got there 2 disappeared and 1 continued fallowing us. At that point it seemed like it was a lot closer. Once you cross the valley you have to climb a steep grade for several miles to the top before you descend 10 miles to Bullhead. As we neared the top the orb kind of disappeared behind the mountain tops. Once we began descending we went around the first corner going to the left and we saw the orb between two peaks to our left. At that point my friend began to panic and wanted to get down the pass quickly. I was also a little worried but I had to stay calm because I had to drive a fully loaded semi down a 10 mile 6% grade pass safely. My friend had gone to film school and was also into photography, so he had a camera with him. Once we reached the bottom of the pass there is a large dirt lot to park semi trucks. Once we pulled in and parked we got the camera out and my friend set it up on a tri pod. The orb was still in the same area but higher in the sky. He set the camera to a 30 sec exposure and focused in on it. At that point I told him to not be looking at it through the camera but to look at it with me as he pushed the button because I felt it was going to do something and I didn’t want to be the only one directly looking at it. At the exact moment he hit the button it went from about the size of a basketball to the size of a golf ball in a blink of an eye. Both of us flipped out in disbelief. It was a greenish blue the whole time it followed us but once it took off it was flashing all kinds of colors. Our thought is that it didn’t shrink it just took off in the opposite direction of us at an incredible speed giving it the appearance of shrinking. I believe the orb was much larger than it appeared because we watched it for at least 2 hrs before it was gone. It never changed direction it just appeared to continue traveling farther from earth into space. The photos he took where pretty crazy and I wish he could find them today and I could share them. They where long exposures and you could see crazy spiraling and other formations in every color of the rainbow. A couple of my brothers also saw strange lights earlier that night also and continued watching it with us before it disappeared. 
 The other part of this was shortly after that happened. I was driving through the middle of know where Nevada late one night looking into the stars. Out there it is absolutely beautiful in the middle of the night in the summer. It feels like the stars are right there. So driving along thinking about what we had seen wanting to see something like that again so badly I made a comment to myself. I said foolishly “ If your out there why don’t you come and get me you fucking pussies.” Sorry for the language but it’s what I said and is the whole part of my story. I said what I did because I feel the orb that was following us completely knew everything we where thinking. So I hoped maybe saying something like what I did would make something happen, as crazy as that sounds. So not to long after I made that comment I had gotten home to Bullhead City and went to sleep. I began having the most vivid dream that I still remember today like it was last night. In the “DREAM” I was with my 3 brothers loading furniture in the middle of the woods in the middle of the night. There was furniture scattered all over the woods and we were gathering it up and loading it into the semi trailer. Only thing was is there wasn’t a roof on the trailer and I was standing on everything loading it. All of a sudden I looked towards the mountains and the stars. I was focusing on a group of stars and suddenly they started moving. The stars ended up being lights on a UFO. There was a main body and three spinning arms. It rose up from behind the mountains and flew around a little then disappeared behind again. The spinning arms made an intense swooshing followed with the sound like a helicopter. So like a shhhhwaaa da...da...da.....as they spun. They weren’t spinning in a perfect circle they where more oblong like spirals. The mountains I was looking at where the mountains behind Bullhead and suddenly I was standing in the middle of a street by myself still looking for the UFO and screaming at the top of my lungs so excited “ Did you see that? Did you see that?!!” I was pumped! Suddenly I look down the street all lit up with street lights and here comes a huge group of people over a small hill towards me. So I’m screaming at them “Did you see that?!!” Pretty quickly they are all surrounding me and then the crowd split and here comes my dad, except he had perfectly silver hair all slicked back with rectangular silver glasses and a silver vinyl like suit. He didn’t say anything and just stared at me with a shit eating grin. Then everyone else started touching me and asking questions like, did they take you? Did they touch you? And so one. It felt absolutely real and they started getting supper aggressive and then suddenly it felt like someone was stabbing me in my left side below my armpit. At that point I started freaking out trying to get away as the pain got more intense. Suddenly everything was dark, quiet and everyone was gone but the pain was still there. That’s when I heard myself say “If your out there why don’t you come and get me you fucking pussies.” My heart about stopped and I started trying to move but I couldn’t. As I tried moving everything turned bright white and the pain got more intense the harder I tried to move. As I tried to move / get away it was like the light was vibrating and making a noise like a vibration that started off slowly as I struggled but got more intense like a humming screech the harder I tried to move. Finally the pain and noise was so intense I thought I was going to die. It was the most real crazy thing I have ever experienced. I was in absolute panic mode. Then suddenly It felt like an explosion and I was free. I was sleeping on my stomach cause when I came to I pushed myself up from the bed with my arms. I was gasping for air as I pushed myself up and my heart was pounding! As I was pushing myself up I looked to my left and there was a small shadowy figure. I couldn’t make anything out like eyes ,mouth or anything. It was just a shadowy figure crouched down beside me. I pushed myself all the way up as far as my arms would go and stopped. This all happened in a split second but it felt like forever! As I was pushing myself up it was standing up at the same time. The moon that night was super bright and shining through the window and there was a shadow being cast on the wall about 4 ft off the floor. As it stood up it turned and walked towards the wall looking at me as it walked away. Right before it got to the wall it began leaning down and disappeared into the shadow on the wall. The figured looked like a Grey being, big head, maybe 5 ft tall and skinny. I freaked out and instantly laid back down in a panic! I just laid there frozen thinking of what I just saw and what to do. I must have laid there frozen for 20 min before I jumped up turned the lights on and flew out the door. I turned every light on in the house and walk around looking everywhere. At the time me and my 3 brothers lived in that house. After a little while my younger brother came out and was like what are you doing? He could see I was freaked out and asked what was going on so I told him. Then my other brothers got up and I told them. They could tell I was freaked out and wasn’t making something up. I never slept in that room again. 
 I don’t know exactly what happened or what all of it was, but it was real. That much I know. I get worked up every time I tell someone and it’s as real today as it was then.
