{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-06 07:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510474","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47924","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3498,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/474/mufon-5510474.json","updb_database_id":5510474}
{cak} Hovered the blinked out completely 3 times in a second came back up for a few seconds then disolved in less than a second

55 year old white male have lived in Bedford TX next to DFW Airport for 11.5 years. Im an electrical engineer very well versed in engineering, technology in general, aeronautics, astronautics, astronomy, meteorology, and physics.

The sighting took place over about 1 minute Sunday morning January 6, 2013 about 7:15 AM CST. It was in the east and on the compass about 140 degrees azimuth and 40-50 degrees in elevation.

Driving East from Bedford TX to Longview TX on Hwy 183 just south of DFW Airport when I noticed a very bright, very well defined, very small cylinder with sharply defined, round symmetrical ends the ends being mirror images it had the typical pale yellow orange color of a cloud at sunrise. No wispy or rough edges, completely smooth, symmetrical, and geometric.

First thought was a cloud but the obvious smooth well defined geometric shape and the fact that there was never a change in the shape seemed to belie this. In addition as I turned south on Hwy 360 South I was able to scan almost the entire sky and there was no other cloud in any form or fashion anywhere else so I rejected cloud.

Next a jet con trail however as I watched keeping this in mind, again, static, no growth, movement, dissipation, or edges becoming ragged. I want to point out that since I was a child the first thing I do when I walk outside is to look up in the sky and will, invariably, stop and watch as a con trail is painted on the sky so Im very familiar with the dynamics of con trails.

All of a sudden the entire object disappeared and re-appeared flashing 3 times in approx 1 second. It returned to full brightness for a very few seconds then rapidly faded and vanished, in place no hint of motion, Id say in about 1/2 second very quickly. Object never reappeared. On the long trip to Long view had many opportunities to see jet condensation trails and it reinforced my belief that what I saw was not a cloud nor a con trail.

Ive seen weather balloons naked eye and through binoculars and this doesnt fit as the cigar shape was almost parallel to the horizon plus the flashing and disappearance would have to be caused by something eclipsing a very large object in the sequence above.

Could not be a reflection in my windshield because the object remained at the same point in the sky when I turned through 90 degrees.

No idea on distance, altitude, or size. I never felt panicked or stressed but calm and stimulated by the experience.

Way too bright, large, and fixed to be a satellite. No way any known astronomical event too bright if nothing else, not marsh gas and if I understand correctly temperature inversions are much closer to the horizon and thus would negate them as the cause. Someone attempting a hoax way to complicated if not impossible.
