{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-02-24 05:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282474","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120979","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2646,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/474/mufon-5282474.json","updb_database_id":5282474}
Looked like a star. Moved at an incredible speed. Beyond aviation.made 90degree turns and stopped instantantly to hover then shoot across the sky in s

I was looking at the morning sky at 0530. I love stargazing. Then what looked like a star made a bright flash. Then the object flew across the sky from the west to the north east. I did not fly straight. It mad a zig zag pattern then shot east almost immediately then stopped and hovered. It flashed again while hovering then disappeared only to reappear to the west again. It started to fly around to the north but this time another one was behind it. I had binoculars at this time and i couldnt fit them both in the field of view so i went back to the lead craft. I could still make out the other with my naked eye only to have it disappear. The sky was crystal clear and they seamed to fly into the big dipper. They almost moved around like if u were looking at dust floating in a beam of light except they were moving at an amazing rate and make 90degree turns and stopping and starting instantly. No human could survive the g's that would b generated at those speeds and was definitely outside the earths atmosphere. Literally looked like a star. I have seen many satellites and they fly in straight line usually north to south and east to west. But this was totally different and its the 3rd time ive seen this but its always in the am. I have yet to see them at night. I live 30 miles north of macdill air force base and i know the planes we have. This was NOT that. No blinking lights, outside the atmosphere, incredible speeds with unsurvivable turns for a human. After this 3rd sighting i had to try to report it. I know what i saw. I have had all 3 sightings within the past month and all in the am. I have seen a few satellites at night but these objects on 3 different occasions. Truly remarkable!! I tried to film it on my phone but the distance was to great for my phone to pick up unfortunately but i still kept the recording because u can hear my response as r rated as it might be.
