{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-22 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502474","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56526","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4639,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/474/mufon-5502474.json","updb_database_id":5502474}
{rjl} multiple crafts with flashing and blinking lights sometimes very sporadic traveling in paths back and forth.

My wife and I walked outside at about 10:00 pm to have a cigarette. There was a bright star in the sky and my wife jokingly said "Hey, theres Uranus." We then noticed that the star seemed to be moving slightly. It looked like it was jumping around. As we were looking in the sky we saw a flash off in the distance to our right. We noticed an object, that at first glance appeared to be an airplane. As we watched it we noticed that its movements were nothing like an airplane. It appeared weightless and had red and white blinking lights that flashed randomly. We stood in amazement trying to make sense of what it was. The more we watched the object the more we realized this was definitely not a plane. Then we noticed small lights that really seemed to be stars until you looked very closely at them. There was a group of four that made a constellation like a rhombus. Each one them very vaguely blinked between red, red-orange, white, and moved around randomly. You had to watch these with a close eye or you might never notice anything weird. They also seemed to be letting out little strakes from them and what looked like smaller orbs flying around them, almost like when someone shows you a diagram of an atom. We saw another object that looked like a plane at first. Then we saw another. As we looked around the sky there must have been 6 or 7 in the air at one time. All at various altitudes. A couple of them would be still and just hover while others would move across the sky. There was one that flew lower than the rest of them and I really thought it might have been a plane just by the way the lights were blinking. But it was big and oddly enough I could not make out a distinct shape of any of these objects. As we were looking in amazement My wife and I then saw a huge white flare shoot across the sky. It looked like it could have been a firework. It was much too ow to be shooting star. I could see a very opaque white light surrounded by a more transparent glow around it. It had a tail as it streaked across the sky and it looked like energy or liquid light was flying off of it. We got a little freaked out at this point because it seemed to be so close. All the activity with the "plane" type lights still continued. It seemed like they were just going back and forth through the sky in no real hurry or effort. Sometimes the lights on them would be red and sometimes they would be white. Sometimes the craft would be lit up brighter than any star in the sky and some of them would not. The blinking always seemed random and sometimes absolutely frantic. This went on for about two hours and activity seemed to slow down. The crafts seemed to dwindle in numbers and sighting them became less often. The four star-like objects I mentioned earlier had dispersed and separated and were now further apart. This is when I started looking closer at all the stars and it seemed like there were about 10-12 stars in the sky that appeared to be stars but definitely were not. I am sure of this I watched them move around. There movement was subtle. It seemed like they were jumping around like the way a kid would point a laser pointer on the wall. They would, I don't know, "phase-out" then reappear in a different place but in the same general area. Anybody that glanced in the sky would have seen stars. You had to really watch these to catch there movements. I even stared at actual stars just to make sure my eyes were not playing tricks on me and sure enough they were not. I had called my mom around 12:15am or so to see if she could see anything were she was at. At first she didnt believe me and as she looked she saw the activity as well. I watched the star-like objects until close to 1:00am until i was just too tired to watch anymore. I came inside and got ready to for bed and before I went to lay down I checked outside. This was maybe 20-25 minutes later and all those moving stars were gone.
