{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-04 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509755","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48661","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2908,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/755/mufon-5509755.json","updb_database_id":5509755}
{dr}Several Red fireball objects 1st at 8:30 from East, then more appeared from different directions flying back and forth above Puyallup South Hill between Meridian and Waller Rd.

I was outside about to start fireworks when I noticed a very bright red fireball slowly traveling in the sky. Not a firework. It continued to glow beat red. My attention went to what I saw so I kept looking at it however it dimmed out and disappeared. 2 minutes later I caught another one through some trees (lots of trees where I am) I ran to try and get a better look to see if it was what I had just seen and there were two together moving across the sky. in kind of a pattern, slight direction changes viewed while visible. Then other ones were visible in other directions spanning a good distance, like 1-2-3 miles apart?? Hard to tell. They were all over But I never saw more than 4 at one time. Theyre real good at disappearing. As soon as the fireworks died down so did the sightings. Although it felt as if they were still there, you just couldnt see them. (Strange feeling)

This is three years in a row now that I have had sightings here on July 4th. I also have Pics and Video of all three years now. I feel like everyone thinks Im a nut, but I know what Im looking at. I got excited that they did come because I had expressed curiosity as to if theyd be here again. Other friends and family members saw it also. Last year scared the heck out of me and I reported it to nuforc and got no response from anyone. I wasnt as affected this time because it wasnt any more intense than the year prior. And the first year on July 4th I witnessed a ufo it was 1 black round or oval disc. No fireballs.

Ill expect them next year too. I just hope one day I have an answer to this mysterious fireball sighting. Its hard to imagine the government has no knowledge of this Independence day visit. Too many people are seeing them!
