{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-10-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472755","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87652","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2405,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/755/mufon-5472755.json","updb_database_id":5472755}
{cak} I was outside feeding my farm animals and saw the cylinder hovering and called my son outside to observe.

It was approximately 6pm on October 27, 2017 when I observed a cylinder UFO hovering above my property. I live in a city right outside of Camp Lejeune and used to seeing aircraft in our area, and I live a few miles from the Albert J. Elis airport. It traveled toward the East and hovered over my property: Great Spirit Pow Wow Center. I was in disbelief, but wondered if it was a drone or some new military aircraft. I called my son outside to witness. At first he did not see it because it had moved behind the tree line on my property. It had come out into the open, so he got the opportunity to observe it before it disappeared in the sky. He had been in the US Army, but told me that he had not seen anything like it before. I have recently built a medicine wheel with crystals in the wheel where the object appeared to be hovering. Approximately 9pm I went outside and observed three aircraft (helicopters or airplanes) above my property and traveling in a triangular pattern. I felt nervous and excited because I felt they were investigating the UFO that I observed. I googled the cylinder UFO and saw that other people had seen something similar in many different states and countries. I do not know if this is related, but approximately six weeks ago I had told my son that I had a dream that felt real that I was abducted by gray aliens. I woke up and where I touched the alien my finger had a burn. It was painful. I started feeding my farm animals and within 30 minutes the burn mark had disappeared and no longer hurt. I also recall having a needle put in my head. I have a very strange mark on my head. I am a US Navy Veteran and worked at the National Security Agency from 1984-1987.
