{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-06-23 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467755","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92894","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2569,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/755/mufon-5467755.json","updb_database_id":5467755}
{td} I was observing fireworks at our town and also was viewing the waxing gibbous moon with my 10x bionocs. A white light moved slowly and hovered above the fireworks.

I was sitting on my porch viewing the city fireworks. I was also viewing the waxing gibbous moon with 10X binoculars. I noticed a white light moving slowly towards the fireworks display. It stopped above and away from the fireworks and hovered for perhaps 3-4 minutes. It then moved across in a westerly direction and hovered as I could still observe it. The outline was visible to me through the binoculars and appeared cigar shaped and emitted a white light. It then returned to the first place it appeared and hovered there for a few minutes. I watched it closely through the binoculars. There was no sound. It was not a helicopter nor an airplane, nor was it just a reflection from the fireworks. I spend Navy time on aircraft carriers and am very familiar with the sound, shape and lights of aircraft. I've also been an active ameture astronomer for the past 20 yrs and can easily identify planets, stars, comets, meteors, etc. This object displayed movement, hovering and lights like nothing I've ever seen before. I'm a retired experimental scientist and include biological psychology, cognitive, and experimental methodology in my 25 yr college teaching career. The object then emitted a very bright blue light and a golden-copper bright light as it flew away in a E.NE direction.
 I was very fascinated by this event and it certainly drew my total concentration on the episode. This event was not a result of fantasy, wishful thinking nor of "creative imagination". I was fully lucid and 
employed rational thinking to observing and gathering all the data I could. I have approximately 95% episodic recall, (formerly called photographic memory).
 My conclusion is that this object is not from mankind. No flying object on this earth has this level of technology to perform flying in this manner.
