{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-31 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505755","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53087","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3439,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/755/mufon-5505755.json","updb_database_id":5505755}
{rjl} Driving south on Highway 101 at approx 9:10pm 12/31/13 witnessed first 2 then 5 round orange red orbs

We were driving home from dinner at approx. 9:10pm on Dec 31, 2013. I am a non drinker and so is my husband. We had an additional passenger in the vehicle at the time that also witnessed these orange/red balls in the sky. I happened to have a camera and since these looked so weird and the fact that there was no noise and some were remaining in place and others were moving at a slow rate of speed in an easterly direction. One appeared to get very close to another and while watching that one, some of the other ones vanished.  I obtained several pictures with a Sony 30x optical zoom camera.  When you see these pictures some appear to be perfectly round. Two of the pictures when zoomed in on my screen appear to have something in the middle of them that sure as hell looks like something out of a space movie. Im not on drugs and all of us saw the same thing. I don't wear contacts or glasses and am not impaired in any way.  I can submit these pictures in full resolution if you care to see them. This is rather bold on my part because I don't want to be called crazy.  We were on Hood Canal when this happened and were not all that far from Bangor Nuclear Sub facility. These lights were directly over land and not water. Not one sound could be heard and it was perfectly dark because we live in a very rural area. When they moved, they werent moving in odd directions and were moving slowly towards the Hood Canal or toward each other.  Since we were on our way home and since we were the designated drivers, we left after around 10 minutes to deliver our passenger home. I have attempted to see these in the valley that I live but there is nothing visible. Frankly, this really had me wondering what the hell I saw - especially when you zoom in on the two pictures that show something inside the orange/red sphere.  

Im more than willing to submit the pictures... I took (a total of 9) but these were taken at high resolution and my internet speed doesnt allow for anything faster than 1.5m so to send the 35.1mb file would take a bit of time.  I will send three of the ones that I took. Two show something inside the orb. Just zoom in and see what we saw. The other one shows how perfectly round the orb is. These were taken with almost a full 30x zoom.   I hope that this is a legitimate site because Im sticking my neck out providing this information without assurances that I wont be the subject of some sort of ridicule.
