{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-06-01 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486755","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72937","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2817,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/755/mufon-5486755.json","updb_database_id":5486755}
{jpg} Moved across the sky side by side except one was slightly beneath and to the rear of the other one.

The event took place in the skies over the City of Ecorse, Michigan which is a suburb of Detroit, Michigan near Detroit Metropolitan Airport. It was a cloudless day and the sun was high in the sky. Temperature was about 80 degrees. Beautiful day. The event occured in the year 1993. I was at work at a youth facility and decided to take a break so I went outside to the parking lot and sat in the shade on the ground against the building. While I was sitting there I watched commercial planes coming in for a landing as the facility was near the approach path of landing Aircarft. I was trying to see how many Airline companies I could name. I could see the insignia on the planes quite well. That's how low to the groud the planes were. Suddenly the planes stopped approaching the run way. They had been approaching on the order of every 2 mintes but suddenly there were no planes. I thought this was very odd so I looked in the direction the planes had been coming from and to my amazement I saw two large gray spherical objects on the same flight path the planes had been on. They were moving quite slow but the speed was constant. As they moved pass me the object which was to the right of the other object change it's position from slightly below and to the rear of the other object suddenly changed it's position from the rear and took up a position in front of the other object which was to it's left. The position change was almost instantaneous. A split second. Really weired. And it resumed it's previous speed. The objects were dull gray, spherical and quite large. Large enough to carry two normal size people or three smaller people. They continued on their way whith out increasing speed. I watched these objects slowly move across the sky until they were beyond the horizon and I could not see therm anymore. A few seconds later air traffic to the airport resumed. The even scared the hell out of me. I wanted to run and hide after I realized I was watching two UFOs. But curiosity made me stay and watch. The entire event took about a minute or two. I can make drawings of the objects if you want to see them.
