{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-06-01 08:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546755","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"20824","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4325,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/755/mufon-5546755.json","updb_database_id":5546755}
Near-InvisibleFlying "Bubble" and Reptilian/Insectoid contact

I am not sure when this event occurred. It first popped into my consciousness as a "dream" I must have had a few days or weeks back. However, for many reasons I've come to believe that this was no dream. 

Again, I have many rational reasons for now believing this to have been a real event and I have had a lifetime of what UFOlogists would consider tell tale signs of repeat abductions, but this is my only recollection of an encounter with a being quite like this:

It was early-mid morning and I was sitting (still in my bathrobe) on the front porch of my house having a cigarette. I started to sort of "zone out" and I began to stare off into the distance at a tree across the street. Then I noticed something very peculiar: 

There appeared to be some sort of near-invisible "bubble" floating toward my side of the street slowly. I could only see it because the edges of it were a bit warped looking, but very subtley. It was totally transparent, not at all cloudy or anything of that sort. If it were holding still it would have been invisible (I imagine) but as it moved the outline of the bubble became apparent due to the above warping of light mentioned above. 

It appeared to be spherical in shape (but not necessarily a perfect sphere) and it looked about 6 feet in diameter. Looking at it frightened me a bit, but also made me feel somewhat mesmerized. It was just so amazing and strange.

Then, my dad came outside to tell me something (I was still in my early 20s living at home at this point) I cut him off to tell him about the bizarre object and he immediately saw it as well. It then appeared to float over to our front lawn. He and I both walked from the porch to the driveway to get a better look. 

Then, out of nowhere, my dad collapsed onto the ground and appeared to lose consciousness. I looked away from the bubble to look at him, and when I looked back toward the direction of the bubble I saw a vague image of a greenish humanoid figure about six or six and a half feet in height standing about two feet from me. There was nothing blocking my view of it, but it was hard to get a clear look at it for whatever reason...almost like trying to make sense of the small details in a very low-resolution picture.

Suddenly, I felt weak and collapsed right next to my dad. I thought to myself, "Here we go again" despite having no prior memory of this being or of my dad being with me during any paranormal/UFO encounter. I felt paralyzed, but I could still see and move my head a bit. I looked over toward the creature to try once again to get a good look at it.

I saw its feet, or shoes, and legs. It looked like he was either wearing a greenish armor or else he had an exoskeleton. The feet were boxy looking, as were the legs. Then I managed to move my head slightly to look further up at him. His whole body was just like his feet and legs, except that his torso was much more rounded. His face or perhaps helmet was also a bit boxy and I was still unable to make out the details of it. I could only make out a general shape. His body as a whole was a bit odd. He stood sort of crouched, like a praying mantis but not as extreme. He also appeared to have joints in slightly different locations than humans.

Moments later I just sort of faded out and that's all I remember. Again, my brain presented this memory to me as a dream, but I'm doubtful that it was truly a dream. I have not spoken to my father about this "dream" to see if he had it too because I have this almost instinctual aversion to bringing it up with him. Anytime I even contemplate doing so, I clam up and feel like I should just let it go.
