{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-12-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491755","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67804","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5493,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/755/mufon-5491755.json","updb_database_id":5491755}
{dr}Went into backyard and saw several solid lights hovering above me...

Around midnight in the middle of winter, I woke up in my parent's living room, as we had been watching an operation show and all fell asleep on our living room couch. I woke up because I had a re-occurring dream that I had often as a child, where I was having tea. As I was sleeping, I reached out my arm (to fill my cup), which is what jolted me awake. I sat up and noticed that there was no sound coming from the TV, or at least I didn't hear any, which was unusual as my father falls asleep with the TV on every night and the volume must be reasonably audible. I also noticed that I didn't hear him snoring, and when I sat up, it didn't wake up my parents (which was also unusual). Then, I stood up and without reason, began to walk to our back door. I remember not understanding why I was going outside; my body felt guided to the backyard and also I knew it was too late to go in the backyard alone, and I was also wearing nothing but a petty-coat and it was freezing-cold outside (literally). Nevertheless, I stood on the concrete portion of our backyard, directly in front of the door. I was looking down at my feet and thinking about how I could catch a cold for being out there, but I didn't go back inside. I then began to play with a small, pink, satin rose stitched onto the v-neck of my petty-coat when I noticed a reflection of light on the ground, from above my location. I looked up and noticed several solid, stationary lights above my head. It was difficult to tell how high they were, but I would say they were no more than 500 feet above me. I remember thinking that they couldn't be stars because they weren't blinking (I knew a lot about the sky as a child as it had always fascinated me and I commonly star-gazed on a regular basis). Then I thought to myself that they couldn't be planets because they were out-of-place, and also too large. After those thoughts had passed, the lights lowered probably about 200 feet, as they went from the size of a pea to the size of a dime from my point of vision. Then, they began moving, then multiplying, then connecting by a light like that of a beam, to form shapes. The shapes I remember seeing were a spider, a humming-bird, and a monkey. I didn't know it at the time, but as I got older I realized they were the same exact shapes located at the Nazca Planes in Peru. To continue my memory, the next thing that happened was that they all came together and began lowering as a single point. At this point, the light appeared to be about the size of a house, and then a light came from the center of it and began to engulf my vision. The last thing I recall from that night is the feeling of my feet lifting off the ground as I was gazing into an endless, white light. The next thing I knew, it was morning and I was standing, completely nude, in another location of our backyard (and my petty-coat was nowhere to be found), in the snow. I remember a voice from within (my mind?) telling me to lay down in the snow and pretend that I was playing outside. I couldn't see who was saying this to me and I couldn't even hear a definite voice inside my mind... I cannot explain how I was able to "hear" this message, but only that it came from within myself, but I had a feeling that there was something or someone behind me and I was to not look at them, but only follow it's command. So I lay down in the snow and after a short while, my mom opened her the back window to her bedroom that faced our backyard, and yelled at me, asking what I was doing. I assume she thought I woke up at some point and went into my own room, and had still been asleep. As a result of laying in the snow, I caught pneumonia and ultimately developed asthma. Oddly enough, my asthma is most commonly-activated by being physically-active during cold weather. I didn't tell anyone about my experience for years because I was just a child when it happened and didn't understand it. As I grew older and realized it was an abduction experience, I didn't know who to go to and didn't know about "MUFON" until just a few years ago. I apologize for not having any solid evidence of this experience, but I was only a child and even if it had crossed my mind to document this event with a camera, my parents didn't own one at the time.

Since then I have had another abduction experience and will submit information about that separately, if anyone is interested in it. On a personal note: My only wish out of sharing this information is to help myself, as well as others who have also had genuine abduction experiences, to better-understand what has happened to us. I am hoping that with enough personal accounts, somehow we can fit together the pieces and make sense of all of this. Thank you.
