{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-10-03 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462755","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98214","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3344,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/755/mufon-5462755.json","updb_database_id":5462755}
{tjd} Metalic, and cigar shaped

Ok, so I recently saw something, and have sat on it for about 2 weeks cause I didn't really want to say anything. But I decided to just quickly write up what happened cause you guys are fairly open minded. I saw something in the sky, and quite honestly I cannot identify what it was. I was driving down a road in Utah County on Wednesday 3rd I believe at around 9:40. I looked up and over to my left as I drove east towards the mountain saw three lights in a perfect row, 2 red and then 1 blue, all evenly spaced. It was off towards my right, and was or to the north-east of me, and about a mile and a half away. The thing that really caught my eye was that we were in the middle of a massive pocket of down pouring, with sheets of rain, and horrible winds. I could literally feel my smaller SUV being jostled by the winds. I grew up next to 2 airports one being an Air Force Base and the other being a modestly busy commercial airport, so I know planes, I also have lived in this area for 5 years and know that it's not a flight path. I immediately thought it was a drone, because 1 no plane flies that close to the mountains, and 2 helicopters don't take that path, and 3 who flies in that weather if it was a helicopter? So our paths were on a fairly similar trajectory and I could tell we'd intersect in a matter of a minute so I kept a close eye on it but that all I could do as I was trying to drive safe in the rain. As I got closer and closer I could tell it was relatively low less then 1 and a half football fields off the ground, but was moving in a perfectly straight line, despite being in winds of 21 MPH. As I was about to pass under it I got a semi good look at the lights, and saw three evenly spaced lights 1 red, another red and then blue on the tale end. I also could see a distinct outline, almost cigar shaped and slightly metallic. I couldn't make out any form of propulsion or even weirder to me stabilization. I went back and saw checked to see if this was even possible for me to see, but Humidity was at 87% at this time, winds blowing in a heavy 21 MPH blowing west, meaning this was fighting and flying in a south-easterly direction, on straight line and dead even speed. Visibility was just about 3 miles and after it passed over my car I could no longer see it. Also as to how I could see it through such rain, I can also confirm my car windows were completely fog free, with windshield wipers going on max (the rain was insane), and I had Lasik back in March after which I have had perfect 20/10 vision in both eyes. This all being said, it may have been a mundane object, but to me I am added to the list who has seen something in the sky flying, which I cannot comfortable identify...I saw a UFO...
