{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-17 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452755","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108880","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2615,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/755/mufon-5452755.json","updb_database_id":5452755}
Large triangular craft

It was about 12:45 a.m. somewhere in the middle of August. I was downstairs in my room and content playing my Xbox 360, Call of Duty. My dad happened to be upstairs finishing work related things on his laptop. Over the headset I was wearing, which was ignorantly loud, I could hear a faint whining sound. Almost as if someone was imitating a bomb dropping by whistling. I looked around my room thinking it have been my brother, but he was no where to be seen. I continued to play my game and the sound grew louder, so i thought to myself, "there is no way this is normal for Whiteman", as I have heard the sound of all fighters leaving and returning to base after living in the area for 15 years. I ran outside, as the sound was passing over our house, to find my dad standing on the deck above me as we both looked up in amazement and absolute shock. I was paralyzed with fear and said first curse word that night in front of my dad. "Holy fuck dad what is it that?" Is all i could mutter. This triangular aircraft was flying not even 100ft above our house and almost touched the tops of the trees. It was very silhouetted and i couldnt make out any details of the material. There were however 3 light on the bottom at each point. If i were to hold a basketball up to the night sky, it would not entirely cover the size of the lights. They were white and yellowish on the bottom, but held steady. As the craft was flying over our tree line i could make out what seemed to be 5 after burners on the back of the triangle. They emitted a red, orange, yellowish light but didn't produce any sound or heat waves. At this time the whining had stopped and sounded more like a very very low rumble almost inaudible. We stayed outside for 10 minutes after the craft disappeared behind our tree line and watched a fleet of 3 military fighters and 5 apache helicopters in pursuit of this craft fly over our house as well. I will never forget this night as it was the 2nd most frightening sighting ive had.
