{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-05-21 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504755","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54130","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2915,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/755/mufon-5504755.json","updb_database_id":5504755}
{rjl} Dozens of Large metallic discs which appeared as if out of nowhere

On May 21 i believe the year was 2008 i was with my parent and family as we were celebrating mother's day. We were all inside the house but It was a Hot beautiful day out, not a cloud visible in an absolute clear blue sky and my room mate was sitting on our balcony. We live in a two family colonial house in the Bronx. I came out to have a few words with my roommate and noticed she was a little upset about a fight she just had. As i finished the conversation I glanced up to see the beautiful sky when i noticed there was two metallic discs reflecting no light but were solid and not moving but hovering and making no sound. Then more of them just seem to appear in small groups but in kind of loose formations. Then more and more began to appear three, then four, then five at a time and began filling up the sky. Before I knew it there almost hundreds of them. All identical, no movement but hovering almost fixed in the sky and making no sound. The only thing about them is that some of there seem to be appearing and disappearing and appearing again as if flickering like if whatever device was cloaking them was malfunctioning. I asked my roommate if she saw what I was seeing and she did but had no comment about it, I alerted my aunt who was visiting although seemingly uninterested did confess that she did see what I was seeing. my aunt and room mate left the balcony but I stayed behind for what seem like an hour wishing I had a camera or something to record what I was seeing but I didn't have anything available. Some years ago when I met my fiance she too said she saw the same thing from her apartment in New Jersey just across the Hudson river during that same year. I stayed for an hour watching but then went back inside the house not ever knowing what happened next. I don't remember if I told anyone else about it as it was Mother's Day and I didn't want to be ridiculed so I kept it a secret up till now..and by the way this was not my first UFO sighting and its very strange that my other sighting was also on a day where my home was full of relatives who were eyewitnesses and was a day of festivities or holiday. But that is another account that I can describe in detail for those willing to listen,,  THANK YOU FOR LISTENING....
