{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-12 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484062","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75781","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3186,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/062/mufon-5484062.json","updb_database_id":5484062}
watching helicopter saw a black dot to it's left and followed dot until it blinked suddenly out of sight

Hi.....I've just seen a UFO
Time: 4:30 pm NDT
Tuesday, April 12, 2016
Paradise, NFLD, Canada
Situation
  I was in my back yard in Paradise, NL, doing some spring cleanup and maintenance. I had just set up my patio table and chairs and had just sat back to relax for a moment when I noticed a helicopter just coming overhead. I watched it go overhead and followed it to the northeast towards the St. John's airport. As I followed the helicopter I noticed a black dot in the sky close to the helicopters trajectory, which I originally thought was a large bird. I was worried that it might collide with the helicopter. I then noticed that the dot was moving steadily westward and was at a much greater distance from the helicopter then I originally thought. It was going in a straight line without moving up or down(not bird like) and maintaining a very good speed. I had just watched a plane come in for a landing and this dot was doing at least 3 to 4 times the apparent speed of that plane. I watched it for about 15 to 20 seconds going in a straight line westward when it just disappeared north of over Belle Isle, NL. going toward Holyrood, NL.. I must say at this time that the object was always below the cloud layer and did not go into the clouds but just blinked out.
  I am an amateur astronomer(past President RASC St. John's Centre) with telescopes from 40mm(PST), 6" refractors, 10" LX200, CPC1100 to my 16" Meade lightbridge. I know what astronomical events/planets could have been in the sky at that time and there are none that can be noticed at that time of day and in that direction. I am also an avid weather observer(COCORAHS member) and know weather phenomena and none come to mind. I also have watched many varieties of planes, civilian and military, crisscross the airspace to the north of my house and this " black dot " was not one of them. This is not swamp gas, nor thermal inversion, nor light reflection(as it was a dark object) and since I don't see radar, it couldn't be what the radar anomalies could be. What was It? I don't know. Notice the lack of alien spacecraft speculation, as I only what to identify the anomaly. Only Alien spacecraft are Alien spacecraft, and all UfO's are UFO's, until proven otherwise with compelling evidence, and then, might be something else. But, I have never seen this type of object and its actions before, and therefore, is a UFO.

I will try to send a map of the path of the " black dot" later.
