{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470062","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90441","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2285,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/062/mufon-5470062.json","updb_database_id":5470062}
We weren1t working on excavator and walked back to our truck, when we turned around there Was a object floating above us. It disabled our phones and had very bright lights.it was right above us

Me and my partner were sent out to change a swing motor on a excavator. We worked late into the night and around 2 am we decided to pack up our tools and go home, we walked to our service truck about 20 ft away from the excavator and got in the truck. When we sat down in the truck we were amazed to see a giant floating object right above where we were just working it had four giant square lights on it, all in a strength line about 20-30 ft apart, it couldn1t have been more than 50 ft away from us. My partner started asking me what flies around at 2 in the morning and can hover, nothing I said nothing can do this. I quickly turned the truck off and told him to unroll his window I unrolled my window too.(it didn1t make a sound). I1m a mechanic and I know it should make noise to power those lights. I pulled out my cell phone to take a picture and my phone went dead, my partner took out his phone and it went black right before he could get a picture too. We starred in amazement as this giant craft decided to slowly float to our right side and land in the forest right in front of us. This is the weird part the next thing I know this craft is slowly manoeuvreing up and over the top of the mountain right beside us (I don1t remember it taking off) creepy. We started up the truck and the radio said it was 330 (we lost time) we quickly started heading back to the shop when we got to where the logging rd meets the highway we checked our cell phones and they both worked fine.
