{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-27 22:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523062","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32926","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5776,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/062/mufon-5523062.json","updb_database_id":5523062}
Massive black perfect triangle with dim red lights at points (non flashing), we could see craft very well.

My girlfriend and I had just gotten to my house in Marshfield, WI and we were unloading items from the trunk. It was a very clear night. My girlfriend looked up at the stars and commented on what a beautiful night it was. She suddenly said, "What is that?", and pointed to the West. I looked up and saw flying over the Holiday Inn Hotel a massive black perfect triangle with dim red lights at the points (non flashing) coming directly toward us. The craft was on a straight E by S/E flight path and traveling at a high rate of speed. It was a clear night and we could see the aircraft very well. We could distinctly see the outline and edges of the craft and it blocked out the stars as it flew in front of them. Im not sure what phase the moon was in, but the craft was fairly illuminated, perhaps from the lights of the city. It flew directly overhead but slightly to the North of us so we could see the right side of the ship. The UFO was flat black with a smooth bottom surface. We could definitely see structure on the right side of the ship, but couldnt make out if they were windows or parts of the ship. The UFO was a perfect triangle in shape and looked nothing like any aircraft I have ever seen. I have seen the F-117 Stealth fighter and the B-2 Stealth bomber fly and it was definitely NOT one of these aircraft. I knew immediately that I was looking at a UFO, and I have read about and seen many pictures and videos of this Black Triangle UFO on TV and the internet. At the points of the triangle were dim red lights that were not flashing, but were on steadily. The ship was flat in appearance but quite thick (top to bottom). The thickness of the craft was about 10% of the length of the right side, maybe more. I would estimate the craft to be about the size of 2 jumbo jets and was at an altitude of approximately 1,000 feet, but could have been as high as 5,000 ft depending on the exact size of the craft. However, I don't think we could have seen the detail that we did if the craft was above 1,000 ft, plus it wouldnt have been illuminated by the city lights. As I said earlier, the UFO was traveling at a high rate of speed, and based on seeing the speed of fighter jets, I would say the UFO was traveling sub-sonic. But it was definitely moving faster than a commercial airliner. As a result of the UFOs speed, we were only able to observe it for approximately 4 -5 seconds before it flew out of view (which was blocked by trees and houses), however, those few seconds seemed to last a lifetime. What astonished us the most was a total lack of sound from the craft as it flew over and disappeared from sight. The only thing we could hear was the soft sound of the air rushing over the aircraft. A few years ago, two B-1 Bombers did a flyby over the city of Marshfield for a funeral service. The house I lived in at the time was directly under the flight path of these 2 planes. I was standing outside at the time and the noise from these 2 jets was deafening and literally almost rattled the windows out of my house. The UFO we saw was at, or less than, the same altitude as the 2 bombers, and I would guess less. Also, the UFO left absolutely no trail in the air behind the craft and we couldnt see any kind of air disturbance around the craft. After we lost sight of the UFO I immediately looked at my cell phone to check the time and it was 10:35 pm. The UFO was on an E by S/E flight path and was headed directly for Stevens Point, WI about 36 miles away. Both of us were totally freaked out at what we saw. My girlfriend kept repeatedly saying, "What the F*** was that?" I was in udder shock for about 20 seconds and then started screaming, "Oh my God! That was a F***ing Alien Spaceship!" The second time I screamed it even louder. My girlfriend immediately grabbed me and put her hand over my mouth to keep me from disturbing the neighbors. Then she said to me, "What do we do now? Should we call 911?" I said, "I don't know. Theyll probably just think were drunk or crazy." So the two us grabbed our stuff and headed into the house. We were both in utter disbelief & excited at we saw and we kept talking about it. I then picked up my phone and told my friend what I saw. Next, both of us posted on Facebook what had just happened. Initially, I stated on Facebook that I thought the UFO was at an altitude of 500 feet, but after I thought about it for awhile, I estimated the craft was probably twice that. My girlfriend and I were so excited about what we had seen we couldnt fall asleep. At 12:45 am we were still talking about it and in the morning it was the very first thing we discussed. 

As a back ground note, I am very familiar with seeing all types of aircraft fly, and I have been to many military and civilian air shows. I have even been in a military flight simulator for a RC-135. I have seen every plane fly in the US military and I have seen F-18s, and F-16s fly super sonic. So I know, and am very familiar with, the silhouette of all military aircraft, including the flight characteristics, size and aircraft speed.
