{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-05-01 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5461062","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100065","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3380,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/062/mufon-5461062.json","updb_database_id":5461062}
{jpg} None of it makes sense but idk

At age 18 in 2006, I was on the phone on our balcony in Redlands, CA. With a conversation I was having, my friend (the witness), overheard my surprise when I saw a light in he sky suddenly shoot from left full stop, to right full stop, then upward in a slanted direction full stop and then STRAIGHT UP into the sky. 

I don’t know if she remembers but I do. And it’s something I’ve talked to people about.

I believe I’ve had experiences on a different level but I really don’t want to look [profanity removed/CMS/jpg] insane. I’m rational, I’m concise in how I perceive reality and what is/isn’t rational — at least I hope.

UFOs and aliens are simple logic because we exist and we colonize. I know, scientifically, there’s no doubt in that

But when I was younger, around 5-7.. more specifically age 6, I remember laying on the bed And curling up into a ball. I vividly remember crying and looking through the dusty screen window out into the stars but they weren’t fuzzy or dull

They were clear, bright and close. I remember crying and pleading for them not to take me. As an adult, I just pair it with generalized anxiety. 

But it doesn’t feel, FEEL, like that. I can’t stress this enough. After that particular night, it stopped.

I’m extremely sensitive to the needs of others but I’m not this sensitive person. Knowledge and facts resonate more than feeling so even typing this makes me feel I have less and less credibility as far as my mental capacity is concerned.

As I’ve gotten older, those sensitivities are triggered, not by people or acts but by planetary issues. Pollution, it’s a big stressor and our effect on the environment when it comes to how well nature mirrors our consciousness (or vice versa)

Either way, those thoughts weren’t taught to me, my family is very very very... simple.

I don’t want to say I was abducted but I want to say things stopped happening after I asked

I dream of stars and places I’ve never been

And maybe because my facts are largely based on my experiences, I can’t even give absolute validity to my story.

But the feeling of being compelled to mention, I can’t deny. 

If I can give a description, it’s close to mantis-like entities. I’ve been able to predict certain events dealing of people close to me and I have witness and text proof of those things as well..... God I sound crazy but hopefully this resonates as... not a bad experience with something but not at all completely good by the means in which we are destroying ourselves.... idk anymore lol just going to go out try to shake it off. Thanks for listening.
