{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-18 23:48:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526062","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29646","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4043,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/062/mufon-5526062.json","updb_database_id":5526062}
3 small lights appearing, then moving in sync with each other in a hovering triangular shape. Then 2 more lights to the southwest.

While staying the weekend in our vacation cabin, my wife & I were out on the deck looking up at the stars. (Facing South East) It is hard to see the whole sky there, since there are many trees, but almost directly over us is a good clearing. It was just before midnight and one star caught my eye, because it looked like it was flickering, almost like a candle flame. As I stared, I noticed it was not a single flickering star - it was a single light that was getting brighter and dimmer, but also with several smaller lights immediately around it that were flashing randomly and sporadically. These lights were much dimmer & hard to see next to the center bright light. It seemed to move slightly side to side & my wife was noticing the color change slightly from bright white to a hue of reddish, back to white, then greenish, and back to white again. By slightly, I mean the overall color had a reddish or greenish tint to it - the main light was still white. It only moved slightly side to side - almost unnoticeable, then would hold stationary. We watched for about 4 minutes and saw the light move in small circles, up, down, etc., but still staying in the same relative area. It stayed just above the tree from our view. I then noticed a second similar light to the right of this one. It appeared & got a little brighter and dimmer like the first. As we watched both, they seemed to be moving exactly the same, as if attached. Within 30 seconds, my wife saw a third light just like the other 2 & it was already in motion or sync with the other 2 lights. This third light appeared more above the second light, but when looking at all 3 together, if you connected the dots, it made an equilateral triangle shape. I attempted a picture, but there was too much light interference. I wasn't scared, but kind of excited and nervous. At this time, my dog started howling - which I thought was weird, because he was inside the house & I have only heard him howl one other time. I went inside & he looked freaked out- eyes bugged out, ears down & shaking. I took him out to go potty, hoping that's all he needed. When I was out with my dog, I walked him down the south walkway & looked out between a clearing of trees from our driveway. I saw a VERY bright light (to the South West) it was moving the same as the others, but looked bigger, brighter, and closer, so the movements were more obvious. It would almost jump to the left, then up and to the right, bouncing & stopping. After about a minute, the light faded out to nearly nothing. As this light faded, another light to the right of this one appeared and got brighter. Then, this second light faded & the first one got brighter again. They did this back and forth a few times. I didn't see the second light move, it was stationary and didn't get quite as big/bright as the other. The first light only seemed to move when it lit up. After it dimmed out, it would again illuminate in the same place, then move around, then stop, and fade out as the other one got brighter. My wife could not witness this second sighting because her neck was messed up from looking up for too long. I checked back on the first 3 lights & they were still in place. We agreed we were being watched over & called it a night! My dog is fine, but had to sleep under the covers with us!
