{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-03-17 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512062","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46270","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3561,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/062/mufon-5512062.json","updb_database_id":5512062}
{dr}looked like a huge fireball

My Boyfriend And i Were Driving Home On The 210 east freeway, And I Noticed A Really Bright StaR (I Thought It Was A Star Until I Checked Google Sky Map & It Wasnt Showing Up As Anything on there). The Object Looked As If it Was a Glowing Fireball As We Got Closer. We Also Had Thought It Was A Helicopter At A Point.. But Noticed That The "Star/Fireball" Was Stationary. it Was Looking As If It Was Becoming Brighter and bigger The Closer We Got To It.. Next Thing We Know We Were Driving RighT Under It, And It Looked Like A Huge Solid Orange Ball Just Hovering There. As We Continue Driving On The Freeway we Looked Back At It, We Can tell ThAt It Was DEFINATELY stationary HoveRing Above That part Of The 210 Freeway. It Really Tripped Us Out, Because We Both Couldnt Really Described What We Had Just Seen.I Kept Looking Back At It, After Maybe Driving About 2 miles away From It, THats When I noticed that it Started To Pulsate.Afterwards, i Looked Over in The Southeast Direction And Noticed Another Really Bright Starlike ObjecT That Just Appeared In The Sky Was visible for about a minute or so. Not Sure If It WaS Anything Special, But The second I pointed it out to my boyfriend, it started to dim to a speck so he couldnt even see it because he was driving. It was still visible but very very dim. Then once I told him how it just dimmed when I pointed it out to him, it reappeared as bright as when I first saw it. Then not too far from it another really bright "starlike/fireball" appeared just east of it. Then another light appeared REALLY close to that second one, but this light was different it was possibly a helicopter. It flew (to what it looked like to me) EXTREMELY close to that second "starlike" object, it circled around the bright starlike object. The two bright starlike objects seemed to be stationary in the distance that I viewed them from. They were,about, a good 10 miles away from where we were driving. My boyfriend said that those last 2 lights that I pointed out were probably planes. But I still think they were UFOs because why would a helicopter circle around that bright object? We got home, and my view of these objects are completely obstructed by trees and buildings (plus we are in a lower elevation from the 210 freeway). But my boyfriend and I are still confused and tripped out about that very first "fireball" we had witnessed... the one we ACTUALLY drove right under it, to have seen that it was something abnormal, unexplainable hovering pretty low in the sky. .. it was pretty close to possibly maybe just 10 stories high above us... we are totally confused when we were trying to describe to each other exactly what it looked like from the distance as we approached it, to what it looked like as we were driving below it. It got us feeling really curious and excited about what we both witnessed.. I wonder if anyone else that was driving on the 210 freeway had noticed it too..?
