{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-03 23:46:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483062","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76877","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2801,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/062/mufon-5483062.json","updb_database_id":5483062}
Acquired orange fuzzy object at 80 degrees above the horizon above all the condos slowly descending, captured in color night vision and had to focus camera and resolved perfect semi translucent sphere , size uknown but no large.,softball to basketball.

I was doing my regular skywatch with my SMU (Skywatcher's mobile Unit) fitted with colour night vision monocular and Thermal Camera. As I was planning south and at about 80 degrees above the horizon I spotted fuzzy dark orange object moving slowly north, later on video review there were actually 2. I knew the object was out of focus after years of filming thee objects and knowing my camera lens was set to infinity, the object would have to have been within 200 feet of me. My thermal imager was also pointed in that direction, with only 9mm lens it has wide FOV. But since I was able to see a bird on thermal pass by with hot signature, I though for sure I would be able to resolve the object with thermal since it was closer, no Thermal signature detected. I followed the object now perfectly in focus, orange and what appeared to have some movement within the sphere, like plasma or energy, seen in the video..It circled next to my condo building which I am located on the 21st floor and the object was at least 10 stories higher up, it changed direction and moved Westerly and went around a crane about 500 m from me measured with my range finder and swooped around slowly at the level of estimated 25floor condos across the street from me then I lost it. I could not see the object with my naked eye, not saying it was completely cloaked, could have been to dim to see but I'm certain with my experience the Thermal device should have resolved something if it was solid matter cold or hot.., maybe it was too small but I sparrow or finch was easily seen in thermal. I lost it after close to 3 mins following it, very translucent and orange in colour. This is not the first time I've seen orbs in the same area, but it has been over 1 year , close to 15 month since I've seen one. I skywatch almost every clear night from 21st floor balcony overlooking downtown Vancouver by the coast. Video can be found here [Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]
