{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-02 03:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496062","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63348","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3290,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/062/mufon-5496062.json","updb_database_id":5496062}
{cak} A circle of 12 to 15 pale yellow-green lights travling North to South over my house after electricity went down in the middle of the night.

Sunday morning, June 2, 2013, some time between 2 and 4 am,I was working late into the morning on my computer when the power went down. I looked out of my office window to see if the rest of the neighborhood had been affected by the power outage. It had. and the entire area had become very dark. There were no stars visible through the window so I assume there was cloud cover. 

Almost immediately I observed lights coming over the hilltop just north of my home. They were flying low so I thought at first it was a helicopter.  They were configured in a circle, 12 to 15 oval shaped lights that emitted a bright, slightly green, mostly "pale" yellow light. They were bright but not glaring. As the object advanced toward my home I looked up as it began to pass over the trees in my front yard. I estimate the diameter of the circle to be at least 100 ft. wide. I could not see any outline beyond the circle of lights, but by the way they moved together and also rotated slowly around a common center I had the distinct impression that they were attached to something much bigger that was not visible in the darkness. It made no sound as it passed over. 

The individual lights were a kind of "square oval" shape and appeared to also have a low domed profile. The object was moving from the North to the South in a line directly over my house. As I saw it pass directly over my roof at perhaps 100 to 500 ft altitude I was already thinking how I would get through the darkness to the south deck on my house. I knew I had a flashlight in my bedroom, so I attempted to grope my way through the profound darkness that now filled my house, find my flashlight, and try to observe the object as it continued on its due south flight path. However, I became disoriented in the darkness and ended up fumbling in my office closet thinking that I was in the hallway. By the time I found my way to the bedroom and found my flashlight and came out on the deck, the object was no where in sight. So I do no know which direction it departed in. I did notice that the night was "unusual" in various ways beside the power and lights being out. There was a vague reddish hue in the night sky, no stars or moon, a slight balmy breeze, but the air was almost visible as if it were a liquid. I was of course excited, but I didn't feel any fear or dread. I did feel exhilarated....it was quite an experience. Power returned about two hours later.
