{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-10 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490062","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69535","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3288,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/062/mufon-5490062.json","updb_database_id":5490062}
TRIANGLE CRAFT AVOIDING TWO FIGHTER PLANES, TRYING TO CAMOUFLAGE , MADE A HUM, NO LIGHTS NOTED, STATIC PRESENT UNDERNEATH, UNBELIEVABLE ACCELERATION .

On Friday 10th February 2012, approximately at 20;30, I was out in my back garden, setting up my telescope as i had a group of children coming round to have a look at the sky and learn about our planets. I am also a member of the local observatory, which explains my knowledge on this subject.
The sky was completely clear; it was a full moon. The moon was a bluey-black , perfect for looking at the stars. There were odd white compact clouds floating near , for an astronomer , a perfect sky for observation.
In the distance I heard a rumble of aircraft, jets to be precise. At first I could not tell what direction they were coming from as they were very low; when i say low , the lights from the aircraft lit the back garden, and flying extremely slowly. When i saw them clearly , they were two jets , from the south and banked off to the north, and faded into the distance. They were military, as I do not know anyone else who flies that low at night and in pairs. (I have lived here for fifteen years and have never seen this before).
As their engines faded into the distance I returned to lining up the telescope, at first I thought it was my eyes , but just to the right hand side of a cloud, the sky seemed to ripple , similar to when a stone is dropped into water.
It became apparent it was not my eyes, the object flickered and moved down in the direction of my house. It continued to flicker as if trying to camouflage , as one moment you could see it, and the next moment you could not, almost matching the sky itself. 
It hovered approximately 70-80 feet above my house, by then i could see it was a craft of triangle shape, no lights present, nil noise except a low humming. The moon light caught the underside of the craft as it turned , centrally at the underside , I saw what looked red engine ports, protruding in pairs, with almost static sparks shooting across the pairs.
As I was watching this, the hairs on my arms and neck seemed to stand up. I could see then this was a manmade object, not an illusion.
I still had my laser pointer , used for pointing out starts in the night sky, which I shone on the craft , and the beam stopped, which would only occur with a solid object. 
after approximately 30 seconds the craft moved off , at first slowly, then accelerated at a rapid and shocking rate. 
Thats` my story. I know this would have been noted on the local airport radar, which is Luton, Bedfordshire, approximately 15 miles away. but when i tried to get further information from them they refused to discuss this with me.
