{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1975-09-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5181170","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"1nmm12","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5181170,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Cows bolted at descent of domed discGroup
/Category 4

Animal Effect Cases

Case Directory

Orland, California

September 30, 1975

Animal Reaction Feature:

A domed disc emitting a moderate humming sound descended to near the
ground in a pasture. A red light on top illuminated the ground around
the
craft. Holstein dairy cattle in the pasture bolted, scattering to
the far ends of the field.

About 200 yards away, cows in a holding pen stampeded, raising
clouds
of dust.

Just beyond the holding pen, about 120 cows in an open-sided
milking
barn backed up in the barn and packed themselves tightly together,
pushing
each other against interior barriers. Motionless, each cow’s head was
riveted
in the direction of the disc, ears pointed. The cows remained
packed
together for some time after the object departed.

Milk yield was less than average the next day. The
animals showed
signs of some nervousness for the next 2 days.

Joan Woodward, Animal Reaction Specialist:

On a dairy ranch, at 4 am on a clear night with a quarter moon in the
sky, Hubert Brown, 22, and Tyron Philips, 37, were busy moving cows and
milking. Brown was in a field to bring in the last string of cows
when he saw a bright red glowing object descending rapidly toward him
at
about a 35-degree angle from the northeast. The object came
within
a few feet of the ground near Brown. The cattle bolted as did
Brown,
who ran to where Philips was working in the milking shed about 200
yards
away.

As they watched, cattle in the holding pen stampeded, and the
cattle
in the milking barn backed up and crowded together as described
above.

The clearly outlined domed disc was estimated to be 60-70 feet
in diameter
and had a bright red light on top that illuminated the craft and the
ground
around it. There seemed to be windows, but the red glow was so
bright,
it was difficult to see. There was a moderate humming
sound.
The object hovered and wobbled just above the ground for 30-40 seconds
before it suddenly took off at about a 45-degree angle into the sky,
disappearing
to the west. No burned or discolored areas were noted on the
grass.

No EM effects were reported.

Source: Cerney, Paul, 1983, Red Object Spooks Farmhands,
Cattle:
MUFON UFO Journal, v. 189, p. 14-15.

Red Object
Spooks
Farmlands, Cattle - Paul Cerney (MUJ-189)
NICAP Home Page
