{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-15 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502893","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56091","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3041,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/893/mufon-5502893.json","updb_database_id":5502893}
{nd} Intense very large bright white

I saw three of these events over the last approx. 3 years. This is my first observation. Late evening, perhaps fall early winter of 2012. Walking back towards the house from my backyard I noticed an extremely large bright flashing light in the sky. It was at an elevation of about 70 degrees overhead in front of me moving in a straight line directly away from me towards the SSE over my house. There was a scattered altocumulus to stratocumulous broken cloud layer cover due to a fair weather front that was moving though. The rest of the sky was clear between the clouds. It was cool, around 50 degrees. I was taken by surprise of this obeservation and at first thought it was military traffic heading to McGuire AFB because there was a shaddow of something associated with the extremely bright strobe light effect coming from this object. The intense white flashing strobe light was the approx. size of a quarter at arms length when it pulsed. The object passed over top a cloud, and the constant cycle pulse of light like that of an intense slowly flashing on and off strobe reflected through the cloud as it passed over and iluminated it. That is something I have never seen before. After 15 seconds I lost sight of the object. It continued along the same path and faded from view like a commercial airliner. No sound, no change in direction, no change in color, just an intense off, on, off, on one half second pulse like a light switch with perfect frequency in a white extremely bright intense color light. Since that time I observed 2 other sightings of the same object. In the second event it was about on the same course and heading and elevation and intitial point of observation. Dark black sky, weather was fair. Sky was unlimited. This was around six months later. I am unsure of the exact time and date. In this observation the strobe flashed on and off in an extemely bright white light on a regular half second interval along the same course and heading in the same direction over top my house as the previous sighting mentioned. I observed it for about 15 seconds as it grew dimmer and moved away, gradually dissapearing. Third sighting was identical, except for the fact there was a pinpoint of light remaining after the strobe light flashed. Huge sized flash of bright white, then back to a pinpoint of white light. I followed both the pinpoint and strobe until it flew outside of visual range.
