{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-07-04 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458893","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102629","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2823,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/893/mufon-5458893.json","updb_database_id":5458893}
{jpg} clear, detailed sighting by my entire family of a triangular shaped craft with short video footage

I was driving back from visiting my mother on the fourth of July night. My wife and kids were with me in the vehicle as we turned onto the rural road that led to my home. I observed what I first thought was a triangular shaped drone hovering above the roadway out in front of my truck about 200 yards away. I assumed that it was a drone because it was hovering stationary above the road and I could clearly see lights. As we drove closer, we actually drove directly under the craft and we all realized that it was not a drone. (I drive a full sized pickup truck with a retractable "moon roof" so I opened the moon roof and we all got a great visual of the craft as it hovered overhead.) The craft was approximately thirty to forty feet wide and it was triangular shaped. The craft seemed to have a black surface, but I could see what looked like dull grey colored sections throughout the edges. I observed three lights that were orange/amber in color. Each point of the triangle had a light toward the bottom end of each side. These lights appeared to be approximately two or three feet in diameter. I saw what looked like a dull pulsating "orb" type of light dimly glowing from it's underbelly. The underbelly orb was much larger than the lights, but it was extremely dull and much more hard to observe After several seconds of observation, I said to my family, "I hope one of you is recording this." Both my wife and son were attempting to record the sighting but my wife's phone would not focus on the craft. My son was able to get a very short video clip of the craft, and his clip clearly shows a triangular shaped craft with three lights as it quickly exits the scene.

While we were observing and attempting to video the craft, it began to move southbound away from our area at a slow, even pace. I quickly turned in the roadway to try to follow the craft but it acted as if it detected our presence and the fact that we were observing it. As I turned and sped back down the road after the ufo, the craft picked up immense speed and fled the area at a slightly higher altitude at an extremely quickened pace.
