{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-05 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500893","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58186","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3885,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/893/mufon-5500893.json","updb_database_id":5500893}
{rjl} Briight gold colored stationary sphere near Spokane, WA

On February 5, 2014, between 3-3:30 p.m., I was driving on I-90W in the Spokane Valley towards Spokane, Washington, when I saw what I thought was a very bright spot of sunlight coming through a layer of clouds above a ridge of small hills that runs from the SW towards the SE. I traveled approximately one tenth of a mile southerly toward the hills and the bright spot. (Here the freeway loops to the west and more or less parallels the ridge.) As I traveled closer to the hills, I could see that the bright spot was definitely not the sun reflecting through the clouds. I kept my eyes on it as much as possible and began to see it more clearly.  

What I saw was a bright and what seemed to be stationary spherical object in the SW sky. It was lower than the sun, which was shining from behind through light clouds. The object was moon-like in appearance minus the shadows, and was now clearly in front of the thin layer of clouds.  It appeared to be a bright, glowing, light gold color with a smooth surface -luminescent rather than metallic. Light was not reflecting through it. It appeared to remain stationery at about a 45 degree angle above the horizon. As the direction I was traveling became more westerly, the object either rotated a bit revealing a somewhat faceted shape with what appeared to be two small triangular fins one above the other, or my change of direction offered a different view. The fins appeared to be of the same material and color as the rest of the object. The edges were distinct as the sky behind was darker than object itself. I also observed a very small, very black spot on lower right quadrant of the sphere, which at first seemed to appear and disappear so I wasn1t sure if I actually was seeing it. The black spot then became quite visible and appeared to expand until it was very clearly a vertical rectangular shape that remained visible. The sides of the rectangle appeared to move inward at the center and it became an hour glass shape.

It is impossible to determine the size of this object from memory and at the time I didn1t think to mentally note any comparisons. What I can say for certain is I would not have been able to detect any of the attributes I1ve described when I first saw it in the sky and then suddenly I could see it well enough to see details, though I did not detect any movement.

At this point I left the freeway and drove two city blocks, parallel to the freeway, at 15-20 miles/hr. I was stopped at stop lights twice and continued to observe the object, though my view was obstructed somewhat by vegetation and the descending sun made it more and more difficult to view. At the second stoplight, I made a left turn to the south driving several more blocks and was able to continue viewing through the trees, although it was now slightly to my right. At this point, the terrain obscured my view as I drove behind and up a small hill. At the top of the hill (about a minute later), I had full view of the SW sky and the object was gone. 

Distance traveled from first sighting to last approximately three tenths of a mile. 
Speed was 60-65 mph for first two tenths of mile, then not more than 15-20 for final tenth. 
Total time of sighting was 3-4 minutes.
