{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-09-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509893","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48523","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6428,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/893/mufon-5509893.json","updb_database_id":5509893}
Three daylight sightings of great distance and height of various colours and mainly two forms. Followed by a close night sighting above subjects house: object appeared oval, dark surface, exhibiting bright red chevrons, orange glow, occupant shadow.

On a night in the mid autumn of 1996, in my hometown of Rushden, in the English county of Northamptonshire, at the age of 10 years old; I saw something which was so enigmatic, it captured all my curiosity as a child and changed me forever. The town of Rushden in Northampton lies to the east of the county in a small valley with a population of around 37,000 and is generally a quiet town, known historically for its shoe making factories.

At that time, the family home was a semi-detached house with an enclosed garden facing a row of semi-detached houses on the opposite side. As a child, I enjoyed playing in the garden of my family home in the afternoons during the weekends and during the weekdays after middle school in my bedroom. One particular day while in the garden I remembered looking once at the sky as the sun came out behind the clouds and as I did, I saw a glinting light below and to the far right (east) of the sun, against the south facing sky. It was a thin pencil shape with its ends tapered, set at a 45 degree angle with a reddish trace. It sat still in the sky and appeared to be rather high. After looking at it for about 10 or so seconds I continued playing with my toys, thinking little of it.

A few days later while riding my bike up and down the garden, the sky was clear and I could once again see the same strange shape in the sky, however this time it was in a different position in the sky, to the west with a greenish trace. It glinted every so often and again I took my attention away after a short period of time. In the second week after school, I was playing in my room and as I moved to the window to place toy cars, I glanced out the window. The room was south facing, at the back of the house with the garden below. As I looked, high in the sky above the jutting chimney tops of the opposite row of houses; I saw an oval shape with a reddish glow, which appeared to tumble in slow motion, but stay in position. The most memorable aspect of the third sighting was that it was much closer and larger than the previous two and naturally as I became curious about the strange shapes and colours, I told my mother about the object in the sky.

My mother said humorously that it was a plane as many planes fly over the town. The area is known for its many flight corridors for commercial airlines. That was the only time I saw the shape with colours which was then the second week of sightings. The last and most frightening sighting happened the week after and interestingly, it didn1t occur during the day. On the night of the last sighting I was told to go to bed as it was late and so I made my way upstairs to my bedroom. As I did so, I remembered that I had needed to close the curtains as I had left them open for two nights in contrast to closing them every night. I passed the landing, switched the light on and entered my bedroom, not closing the door behind me immediately; I turned left to proceed to the window.

I made not three steps into the room until I froze out of fear. In the sky outside my window, above the house opposite our home, about 100 feet away, was a large object; which I later understood might have been a vehicle of some type. The craft was oval-shaped about the diameter of the two semi-detached houses together, with a bright red set of revolving chevrons which travelled in a clockwise direction from right to left. The chevrons disappeared for about a second and returned as what I can only assume; it made its way around its perimeter. The craft itself appeared dark, while being surrounded in a bright orange glow with a fiery yellow top. The yellow oval top had a shadowy figure, but no detail could be seen. The craft was motionless with only its chevrons revolving; it made no sound and I felt no heat. I was frozen still in fear and observed the craft for about five seconds; until my fear turned to hysteria, running out of the room and down stairs to tell my parents.

I told my parents about what I had seen and they laughed thinking that it was a joke of sorts. As they demanded I now go to bed, I refused, adamant not to venture back upstairs. My mother and step-father stunned at my out of character refusal and clearly moved by my distress, they ventured up stairs to find out what it was that I had seen. After a while, my father called me back up to my room and so anxiously I climbed the stairs. My mother waiting at my bedroom door said that there was nothing to worry about and as I entered my room my step-father said, 1look, (gesturing at the window) there is nothing there1.

It had been quickly decided by my parents, that I had seen nothing and assumed it was my imagination. I did not sleep well that night and over that year, made it a ritual to close my curtains out of fear that what I had seen would return. It came to be the most frightening thing I have seen, yet held my curiosity. At the time as a child, I did not know anything about flying saucers, UFOs, aliens and other folk law. As a first-hand observer of the phenomenon, I feel a strange sense of obligation to share with others what I feel is a real and important phenomenon. However, for fear of ridicule only my family has known about it until now. I am certain I saw something unusual, it could have been a vehicle, but the mystery remains as to exactly what it was. When you do see the phenomenon, which is so out of context with reality, it changes you forever and that was my childhood experience.
