{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-01-01 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467893","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92747","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2214,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/893/mufon-5467893.json","updb_database_id":5467893}
Leaving Base at Garlstedt Germany. Turned left.noted strong winds concerned tornadotreres bending. pulled over stopped.huge craft ttree level stopped in middle of roadway in front of me.At least 300-500 ft round.Observed 3 intities in line of windows. .

Leaving base, Dropped off MP from barracks for duty at gate.Driving turned left toward Bremmerhoffen. 100 yds. strong tree bending wind in front of car.Possible tornado(fron east texas) so stopped and pulled over no wind on car. Saw large disc 300-500 ft. from over tree top from right to left pass over in front of car stopped in front over road. German citizen traveling toward me slowed then floored car and passed quickly.Looked at me scared.I got out of car to observe. 3 beings seen from horizonal windows along centerline of craft. 
Watched and the next thing I remember is a smaller craft maybe 6-8 ft is traveling in what looks like a grid pattern with red light shinning downward behind the nco club located by front gate.Tall fence behind club and searching the field outside base fence.Noted it had gotten dark. Never reported it because it affects your creditability. Kept it to myself until a search yesterday that mentioned the sighting at Garlstedt and that they had scrambled aircraft which I never saw. I have no Idea of the amount of time lost. I don't recall any other cars passing or leaving the base and the turn in to the base is within eyesight.
The PM desk sargeant said there were issues going on but did not know what I asked to talk to the MP I had dropped off and they said he was already off. I did not tell the MP what I had seen.
