{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-24 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505893","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52939","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2950,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/893/mufon-5505893.json","updb_database_id":5505893}
{nd} Slowly moving orangish red light ejects two bluish white teardrop lights in Garden Grove

I was visiting relatives in Garden Grove on Christmas Eve. I had driven up from San Diego and had just gotten to their house. I said a few hellos and then went out into the street to smoke a cigar. It was 10:15 pm. I was standing near the corner of Scadia Street and Stanford Ave. (exact address omitted). I was looking southwest. There was a bright orangish red light almost hovering; but moving toward me. At an arms length, maybe 2 to 4 fingers above the house roof across and one house south of me. After watching it 30 seconds or so, two slightly bluish white teardrop spheres of light fell from the orangish red light straight down. They seemed to be going faster than if they were just falling. They were not beams; but lighted objects or spheres of light. These bluish white lights were a color I can not describe accurately; but laser-like would be the closest description. Not only laser-like, but even more vibrant than laser-like. This light seemed like it had depth or maybe partially transparent; but brilliant. I have never seen anything like them. They were not round orbs, teardrop or at least much longer than they were wide in shape. Again, they did not seem the fall; but were propelled downward.  They were not lite all the way down, but winked out before they went below the roof top southwest of me. Anyway, I was excited, to say the least. The orangish red light then turned in a quick motion and was heading almost away from me, slowly. It started to fade first, and then pulsed on and off and then was gone. It didn't seem to dart away fast; but seemed to wink out. This was now about 1 minute from when I first saw it. Then 4 minutes later, the orangish red light appeared again. This time it was slightly further away but moving quickly towards me again. When it got to about the same place the bluish white lights had ejected from it; it even got a little brighter. It again, arced away, or turned 180 degrees and quickly went away, or faded out as it moved away. I was never scared, but I sure have been wide awake and have been thinking about it for the last 6 hours. I keep thinking about those bluish white lights. They were such a unique shape and brilliance. I was only able to fill out this form when I got back to San Diego.
