{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-11 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500787","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58300","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2179,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/787/mufon-5500787.json","updb_database_id":5500787}
Observed flying very quickly at a high altitude almost silent

As me and my friends were organizing a barbecue I was sitting outside on the patio with my one friend. I was staring up at the sky when I noticed an object traveling very fast through the sky. At first I assumed it was a plane because of the proximity of my friends house to the city center airport, but then I noticed the absence of any engine sound. At the speed it was traveling at I believed it could not have been any kind of turbo-propeller aircraft, it had to have had a power plant similar to that of a fighter jet. But there was no sound. As my suspicion grew I tried to draw the attention of my friend sitting right next to me, but because of the speed and apparent small size of the object he was unable to see the object. I then reached for my cell phone to try and snap a picture of the object but the camera was unable to focus on the object. I tracked the object as it flew across the sky, it had a solid triangular shape, like a delta wing, about as large as a fighter jet, it was dark in color presumably dark grey and was flying at an altitude just below the cloud cover that day. I lost sight of the as it continued flying west. This all happened within the span of about 3 minutes maybe less. I initially shook it off as a bird, but over the past I thought about what I saw. I've always had a love for aircraft and I could tell the difference between an Airbus A380 and a Boeing 747. What I saw that day was either some kind of new experimental aircraft, or something that belongs on an episode of UFO Hunters.
