{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1963-08-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496787","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62593","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2848,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/787/mufon-5496787.json","updb_database_id":5496787}
{cak} Craft hovered over our house and took my dad aboard for a period of time.

I was a teenager, still living with my parents. We were all awakened by a loud, eerie sound. I screamed and ran to my parents' bedroom, where the dogs were howling and had jumped into my parents' bed as well. My dad sent me and my mother back to my room and he went outside to investigate. He didn't come back for awhile.
He reported being pulled up into a disc type craft which was hovering over our house. This craft then went to a cigar shaped craft. He said the beings were similar to humans, but were golden and without distinct features. They were hot to the touch. They questioned him and reported that they were keeping an eye on the earth because of the danger of a nuclear war which would affect the entire universe. My dad was told to report this to the government, which he did.
Three uniformed gentlemen came to our house a while later. Air Force, I believe. They met with my dad in his office, so I wasn't actually in the room, but he reported to my mom and me that he was told that the armed forces and government knew about the alien aircraft and beings, but were keeping it secret so as not to alarm the general public.
"They", the beings, were with us for awhile...or at least we could see the effects of their being there. Doors would not open that did not have locks. Doors would close. They told my dad they had the ability to be invisible to human eyes. My dad never reported it to anyone other than the government because of the harassment those who did report such things received. There were a lot of sightings in the early sixties in Michigan. Horrible things happened to the folks' homes, property, etc. I hated living with the secret. Hated the things that were going on as I didn't want to be weird. I have no doubts about what happened. I will never forget that noise. My dad even checked with the local officials to see if anyone had reported a sonic boom or anything on the night of the event...just to see if there were others who had heard it...nothing had been reported. My mother is still living, although she doesn't remember a lot about it, but she does remember that it happened and that our lives were not our own for several months.
