{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-29 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490787","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68789","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9318,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/787/mufon-5490787.json","updb_database_id":5490787}
{jpg} Y configuration with 150

I do not remember the exact date and can only approximate at this time, it was November or December 2011. I did carry my DPMS AR15 flat top with scope and 62gr M855 ammo for about a year in the back of my Toyota 4 runner after seeing the craft/ship.
I was coming home from Houma, LA, it was the last day of my 14 day hitch and about an 11 hour drive home. I usually try to leave around noon when leaving the Houma yard to get home around midnight, stopping for a meal along the way.
I remember being cut off by a driver while getting on to 287 from I-35 after exiting I-20 in Fort Worth, having to hit the brakes hard and swerve sending all my stuff in the passenger seat (phones, notebooks, bottled water) into the floorboard with all the empty wrappers and other trash from the drive. I have a blue tooth device on my visor so I didn1t need to retrieve my phone and didn1t think anyone would be calling on my work phone that late on the start of my days off so I left them in the floorboard.
I got to Springtown Texas about 11:45 pm. No cars on the road and while stopped at the red light next to the 2 gas stations. The red light seemed like it was broken as it lasted a long time. There was a car at the station across the intersection and one to my left, no people outside. The usual several cars at the old station on the right. I was thinking about running the light and was looking for the 1cop1 all the while thinking about what my wife was going to do to me that I hadn1t had done for 14 days. I had the windows down as it was a very nice night out. Clear sky with a full moon, light breeze and in the lower 701s. While at the light I noticed what appeared to be an airplane at my 10 o1clock way up in the sky over the gas station across the intersection. It turned to its left, got my attention as the lights shone brightly as it turned back towards the north east at a 45 degree angle or so it looked with me not paying that much attention to it but it looked like it accelerated. I didn1t know of any airports it could be going to as I assumed it to be a jet heading towards the DFW area before it turned around. That1s when I started noticing that maybe it hadn1t went back to the north east but DOWN from its position in the sky as it was a light to the left of the road, I thought it could just be heading away from me but the light to the left of the road got brighter. The stop light had turned green and I was minding the speed limit but by the time I had gotten to the auto parts store I started thinking I was seeing a drug interdiction as the way it was moving 1looked like1 a helicopter hovering. I was expecting a search light to come on at anytime and as I got closer to the red light at the high school the light was stationary but my position to it was changing so the lights from what I assumed was a helicopter was above the street lamp and tree branch and was now below the lamp and even with the tree branch on the left hand side of the road. The moon was bright and you could start seeing an outline but there was no tail boom and the large lights down the sides and I was thinking it was a Chinook rather that a Huey or Jet Ranger. Had to be a helicopter as it was hovering in the same spot for several minutes as the red light had caught me at the high school too. 
{I had been a correctional officer, a C.E.R.T member, a Boy Scout, Rig operator in the oil field for years when the T-381s from Sheppard would buzz the pulling unit we had worked on in the 801s, worked offshore and rode helicopters, worked as a management system auditor and rode in airplanes (747, airbus 300 and others). I can identify and tell the difference between alot of military aircraft from WW2 to present}
As the light turned green and I moved forward getting closer I could see the craft to the left of the road at about 100 foot off the ground didn1t fit any aircraft I knew of. My brain was freaking out trying to fit this craft into a logical fit. I slowed down and pulled over, turned out my headlights and killed the car at the big old dead tree over the hill from the last light coming out of Springtown heading toward Jacksboro on 199. The full moon was high at my direct left and this craft was over the left side of the road at an angle. It was a little further than the house on the right side of the road next to the rental yard. Seeing the outline from an angle underneath it had a Y configuration to it. Not wings at the rear but 1winglet1s1 is the best description I can give. The craft was as big as an airbus 300 to its wings with the 1fuselage1 being cylinder like. I say that because it was not a round cylinder, it had a slight ridge running down the length of it. Like when you cut a cylinder down the middle and put it back together, no longer perfectly round but close and having a ridge. The nose was hard to see well due to the light from the 4 large 1windows1 on the front but it was more rounded and blunt than an airbus. The rear tapered to a cone with the winglet1s running down the rear cone forming a Y. The craft was about 150ft long and 351 in diameter and making a low noise that rose and fell in rhythm. There were 6 to 8 large 1windows1 down the right hand side of the 1fuselage1 that were the size of a door on an airbus, not the small windows. I tried to look into the 1windows1 but they had very bright light coming from it, you just could not see into the craft and I tried. I watched the shadow of the craft cross the road as it started moving slowly and go across the house and the field to the right. I watched it thru my sunroof to be able to estimate its size and the width of the shadow on the ground from the moon. The time showed 11:55 pm on my clock in my Toyota which is usually 10 minutes fast. I couldn1t take my eyes off the craft while shouting 1what is that!??!1 as I was feeling around for my phone in the floor. Then I remembered my .40 cal behind the seat. The craft was moving away from me slowly, crossing over the field and heading in the direction of the stadium behind me to my right passed the trees and back over the hill. I could hit it from where I was at but if I missed or it ricocheted it could hit a house or livestock. If I shot it I1d find out what it was one way or another but knew I couldn1t bring it down I1d have to wait for the news to report that an experimental aircraft or blimp had been shot or the completely other outcome, they return fire. 
There were no rotors, no pylon motors no means to push or pull this craft thru the air that could be seen. It could have been some kind of blimp but it had no vertical stabilizers just the horizontal winglets at the rear of the fuselage and was running at night out in the country. It did had a red light on what looked like a pole coming up from the rear of the 1cone1 and what looked like structural 1ribs1 on the cone end of the fuselage. Blimps have motors on pylons or pods giving it power, this had nothing and the full moon was shining on it real good. I thought about turning around and trying to cut it off on the road back from the red light towards the stadium. Then the thought of my shell casings with my finger prints near a school1. not a good scenario, even if I had called the police. Gun fire in the middle of the night, getting people to wake up and look. I do not know what it was that I saw but I can describe what I saw and know I saw it. - A large aircraft 1fuselage1 with winglettes making a Y configuration, hovering like a helicopter or blimp with no visible rotors or engines and of a design I had never seen before or since (as of 7/30/2015). 
I missed my opportunity because I was surprised by it. I waited and listened and read but I haven1t seen any word of any UFO in the area at the time. I gave a written report to one of those UFO web sites but no one contacted me or told me what I saw. I feel I was a coward at the time, scared when I saw something I1d never seen before. Scared of the possibilities that could happen and no one knowing what might have happen to me. That cowardice subsided a few days after I got home and I loaded up my AR 15 with scope and green laser with several mags full of 62 gr M855 ammo. I carried this with me for the next year in the event I saw it again. Next time I1ll find out what it is. I may not get to tell about it, but I will find out what it is or is not. If its military it deserves to get shot at because they should not be flying something like that close to populated areas where it could scare people and cause a wreck and if it1s a hoaxer flying a blimp at night designed to look like that to scare people11. what did they expect would happen sooner or later here in Texas.
