{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-16 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495787","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63649","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2570,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/787/mufon-5495787.json","updb_database_id":5495787}
{rjl} bright white and blue lights rotating loud rumble bright yellow gold lights turned into huge grid shapes

My brother and I were on our way to Yuma coming from Phoenix about three or four miles from Gila Bend he noticed lights in the sky on his side of the car. He woke me up to look at the lights when I looked around I seen lights going in and out of the clouds it was a very dark cloudy night. I then I picked up my phone to record what I thought was lightning but, I was wrong. The lights were bluish white, flashing and spinning then there was a rumble sound like a train that only lasted for as long as the lights were visible. I put down my phone because I remembered my camcorder was in the backseat. I focused on the lights once more and to my surprise the lights had changed color and shape they were now a bright yellow-gold color and looked like two huge spotlights. Then the lights changed to a huge grid shape dotted with millions of what looked like Christmas lights it changed back to the two spotlights then it turned into two grid shapes, there was no sound this time. I thought had seen a floating home with its Christmas lights on, it hovered flat I could see one on top of the other stacked one was brighter than the other from the outline then the grids separated back into the two spotlight shapes and took off like light speed fast. I have been trying to put this whole ordeal to the side so I can focus on my daily routine but, this has been very difficult for me. I am a paraplegic man who is in a lot of pain Neuropathy is what it is classified as trying to live a somewhat normal routine after my injury now I have a lot of questions about something I know nothing about. I am hoping you could give me an explanation to what I have recorded and described.
