{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-11 23:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469787","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90727","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2465,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/787/mufon-5469787.json","updb_database_id":5469787}
{cak} I saw something in the sky that was not normal

Last night i stepped out to smoke on my front steps. It was between 11 and 11:30 pm. No one was outside in my neighborhood, quiet and still. I live by the Delaware river, a few houses away so the stars are mostly bright and visible here. I also live in close proximity to Philadelphia international airport so we see planes in the sky quite often. It was a clear bright sky and i noticed plane lights and looked up at the plane that was flying east i guess, in front of me. I looked down at my phone i think and then back up at the plane when my eye caught something bright to the west (right of me) and behind the plane, but not following it. Theres a birch tree on my yard and i had to lean over to see a full view and i stared at it for a few seconds, trying to compute in my head what it was. It seemed to be a little above the roof of a house across the street from me and it was bright! It was so bright that i cant compare it to much. It made no noise, still, did not shake, move, or anything but inside of this egg shape like oval was glistening brilliantly in silver and white and colors coming through it like a prism. I couldn't explain it as a star because it was so close. I could see inside of it. Like it had a oval frame, and the lights and colors glistened inside the frame of it. White and silver beams broke through the frame slightly. I tried to focus my eyes on it, i thought maybe it was a solid object and i tried to focus out the light but i couldn't. Now that i think back in it, i should have taken a picture because I had my phone in my hand but my husband was right inside and i wanted him to see it. I ran in to get him. He had to put his robe on though because he was in bed. He followed me because he saw how excited i was and when we got back out to my step it was gone. Didn't see it again
