{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-05-11 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455787","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105820","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4338,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/787/mufon-5455787.json","updb_database_id":5455787}
Seven lights in a V-formation with no engine sound that quickly faded from view.

A few years ago I saw a really strange V-shaped UFO that at the time I couldn’t really believe and thought I was just seeing things. However I’ve since heard that some people call this UFO the “TR6 Telos”, a black budget military aircraft. ‘Telos’ apparently stands for ‘Transatmospheric Electrogravitic Low Observability Surveillance platform’.

I think the year was 2010 and it was probably early summer. I had just stepped outside the backdoor where I live at Yeovil, Somerset and it was fairly warm outside and already dark even though it was probably not long after 8pm in the evening. As I take an interest in astronomy I tend to look up at the sky to see how clear it is and whether any stars can be seen. That evening was no different and I looked up at the sky the very moment I stepped outside the backdoor. However as I did so I saw seven lights in a V-formation gliding silently over-head through the clear starry sky but I could not see what the lights were attached to. But no sooner had I seen the object than it quickly faded from view and was gone. The craft’s apparent diameter had perhaps been around 5 degrees but I had no idea what altitude it was at or indeed how large it was. It had been moving in a WSW to ENE direction and there was no engine sound at all.

At the time the craft looked completely unreal and I assumed I must have been seeing things. However I don’t usually see unusual things like this and I’m actually of a fairly sound mind. But what seemed really bizarre to me was how the craft seemed to “know” I was looking at it and faded from view almost the very moment I looked at it. However one possible explanation for this that I only quite recently thought of, was that perhaps the precise arrangement of the lighting underneath the craft meant that it could only be seen from certain angles (i.e. shining through a short tube arrangement) and this could have made the lights appear to fade from view. 

But if this had been a secret military aircraft, why would it visit Yeovil, Somerset? There is a Royal Naval Air Station a few miles away at Yeovilton but this is hardly a secret base and there is a popular air show held there each year. Yeovil has also been the home of AugustaWestland helicopters (now owned by an Italian company, Leonardo) and there is a grass runway not far from the site where helicopters and light aircraft regularly land. However also adjacent to this airfield is Boeing Defence UK as well as Honeywell Aerospace. On Google Maps, Satellite View the ground area taken up by the Honeywell Aerospace complex seems vast in comparison to Leonardo Helicopters or Boeing Defence UK. There is obviously a tarmacked taxiing runway on the side of the complex skirting the main grassed runway of the airfield. Also visible in Satellite View are large white letters written on the tarmacked area stating, “Strictly No Smoking” indicating that the airfield must be frequently used by Honeywell Aerospace. 

We’re also told that the biggest employer in Yeovil is Leonardo, and Honeywell Aerospace isn’t even mentioned. But this doesn’t seem to accord with the ground space taken up by Honeywell Aerospace in comparison to Leonardo. See the following website which has Leonardo as the second biggest employer in the whole of Somerset with Honeywell Aerospace again not even mentioned: https://www.somersetlive.co.uk/news/business/19-biggest-companies-somerset-47349

It’s interesting to note that the international headquarters of Honeywell Aerospace is Phoenix Arizona where many witnesses claimed to have seen a UFO with a V-shaped formation of lights as far back as 1997.
