{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-09-17 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283787","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119645","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4975,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/787/mufon-5283787.json","updb_database_id":5283787}
Stationary object about 2K - 3K altitude with pulsing lights

I was the junior watch officer {Conning Officer) on the 0000-0600 watch on USS Vandegrift. The ship was between training operations off of the LA /Long Beach area in and around West Catalina and San Clemente Islands and the ocean around that area. 
We were staying out of the majority of sea traffic off of LAX and north. We were sailing a roughly oval to kill time and be on station for the next day of training drills. 
It was a clear and mild night. We were a NE of Catalina and the mainland. 
I was not the only one to see this, several others observed. This was a long time ago, and any specific dates and times have been long forgotten. I have mentioned this to family and friends, but it was brushed off.
We were on a 2 year old FFG, with state of the art radar and electronic detection equipment. We were tracking normal air traffic in and out of LAX and passing private or other planes and other craft. This is normal. Due to the early morning, even this traffic was less than normal. We were alert due to our location as always.
One of our seaman lookouts reported a contact with a bearing and approximate range and altitude.  
On the bridge, we started to track the contact. It was reported to our CIC. I had the Con, so I was responsible for safe navigation along with the Officer of the Deck, a senior officer. I stepped out to the starboard bridge wing to observe the contact. 
It was strange. I was the primary Helicopter Control Officer (HCO) as well. This was no Helo. It was no airplane. We were out to sea, and north of LAX. If this was a plane or helo, we would hear it. It was quiet. The object was not distinguishable other than a collection of lights. Due to the approximate altitude, the object would be the size of a fighter jet or small military plane, but larger than a private plane. Again, this is based upon estimates. 
After tracking this object, it appeared to remain in a fixed in position. The lights pulsated with different colors but mostly white. The lights were very bright, unlike navigation lights of a civilian or military aircraft..
The lack of movement or sound was an issue. This was reported again to our CIC, they reported that they had no bogy at that bearing or range, and joked that we were loony. The entire bridge team was able to see this object. We continued to report to CIC until communications became heated. 
There was no threat, but there was no IFF, no radar signature, and no movement or noise. It appeared that the object was maintaining a track on our ship. The CIC watch officer entered the Bridge to check it out and confirmed that something was there. We discussed waking the Captain. At that time we reached the designated area to turn the ship and resume our oval track back to the south. During the turn, we encountered some small boat contacts that we needed to avoid which drew our attention. Once we assumed course in the opposite direction, the contact was no longer there. It had disappeared. This was concerning and we all discussed entering this into the Deck Log, we decided not to make an entry. This was 35 years ago. At this time I was a LTjg SC Officer. I had just earned or was soon to earn my SC Surface Warfare designation. I was in the Navy for 10 years active and reserve as an enlisted Personnelman. Again I was part of the Helo fire fighting team. We earned the Combat Action Ribbon and Humanitarian Service medal and I was serving on an FF dure Operation Frequent Wind. I separated to get my BS Degree at OSU. After, reenlisted and served almost 2 years at a Naval Air Facility. I was part of the Pre-Com and first crew of Vandegrift. In Nov of 1986 I transferred to NAS Glenview and then to another FFG as a Department Head. I am very familiar with all sorts of military aircraft. What we saw that night was nothing I could identify. 

I have never formally reported this, but I am getting old, and my health is declining. There is no proof. No report. And I only can remember one of the others on the Bridge that night and I will not draw him into my interpretation. 
]After separation from the Navy in Apr 93, with 16 years of active duty, I served 21 years working with the Department of Defense (DFAS) to retire the end of Oct 2014 as a GS-501-15. 

This has bothered me for 35 years, I hope this makes me feel better.
