{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-01 21:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499787","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59341","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2736,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/787/mufon-5499787.json","updb_database_id":5499787}
{jd} 5 to 6 light in like a stop sign shape

I had just arrived home from a cruise . I parked my car in my yard talking to my friend on the phone . I was in a deep conversation when I relised a ufo in the sky . So I told my friend in the exact words hey bro I got to let u go I see something crazy in the sky. At first I was a little bit of a skeptic until I witnessed this incident. . . .i grew up in grants new Mexico as most of u know where one of the most popular ufo sighting in USA crash land in Roswell I have been there but I'm goin to go on with my story. So I hung my phone up I jumped out my car and the first thing I did was to pull out my phone and start to record, I started to yell so my family to come outside to see this incredible phenomenon, as I kept yelling I noticed the UFOs I was recording was in a stop sign shape about 6 or 7 of them all in one place. As I began to record my video I noticed that the UFOs started to move incredibly fast switching spot's like if they where dancing. . . As all of this was happening I was screaming for my dad . . My little niece's came I have 3 nieces one of them is 14 other one is 6 and other one is 7 the oldest one was like cool uncle what is that and I answered a"ufo" my littler nieces were frightened to what we are encountering. . .then my dad arrived as my sister arrived and they all witnessed it as well as they where on camera astonished of what's happening in front of there eyes. The UFOs stopped dancing as I would called it and all left in a formal formation southwest over the Zuni mountains. . .i live right by a air port and right by a national forest called the Zuni mountains . . I hope to here from u guy's and show u more proof of my video I wrote all this so I can show someone my video but a funny thing after all this had happened I called the police and they just laughed at me but hope to hear from u guys


I don't know how to attach it I have the video on my galaxy tablet because I took my memory card out of my phone and put it in there so I would like for a investigator to come over so I can tell them more and show them my video and hive it to u guys
