{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-02 09:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288787","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114576","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3014,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/787/mufon-5288787.json","updb_database_id":5288787}
Translucent triangle/diamond near f-35s

I was enjoying a day off when I heard loud aircraft approaching. I looked toward the sound and seen two f-35 ascending in formation at about 5,000 feet. They were in a relaxed climb, nothing aggressive. I decided to record them on my phone (iPhone 2020 new). As I was trying to center the planes to get a good recording, I noticed in my peripheral vision to my left an object coming across my field of view on a downward angle. The object looked white or light blue in my vision moving at an incredible rate of speed. I couldn’t even guess at the speed. It moved across my field of view in about a second. Depending on how close it was, again, I couldn’t estimate speed. Seeing this hazy almost transparent object, broke my concentration on getting good video of the jets. To my astonishment, I seen that my iPhone recorded what I seen. I work in Ophthalmology and assure you that the video and pictures I’ve supplied are not apparitions, reflections, or other camera phenomenon. I seen this object with my eyes outside the camera. I was outside and there was no glass or windows between myself and the object. My lens was very clean. I understand “vision” and interpretation of objects through the eyes and brain quite well. I understand light and reflection. Working in vision care allows me a unique skepticism. The object I recorded was real and had mass. I cannot explain the way the light moved through the object and around it but it was definitely there. I am attaching the video of what I recorded and a few screen shots I took out and zoomed. Please let me know what you guys think. I am very curious about this.
