{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-11-26 01:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471787","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88669","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4414,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/787/mufon-5471787.json","updb_database_id":5471787}
{cak} Approx. 22sec.of a yelliow-orange object/No structure, Ascending/then hovering, see someone/or thing at controls/see movement.inside. B4 it takes off n2 a blue/white light, small object is ascending towards the light but falls as it took off.

On Nov. 26 at 1:36am, in phoenix, right off of the I 17 and carefree hwy. I was on 33rd ave between Gavin prkwy and cloud rd. I was on my skateboard heading south on 33rd ave,(I couldn't sleep so I decided to go ride my skateboard around the neighborhood), as I was skating down 33rd ave,just past the elementary school, i happen to look over my shoulder to see if any cars were coming, I noticed a really bright yellowish orange light that seemed to be getting brighter and a bigger, this was the second time I see This same object, the first time I notice it I didn't have my phone with me and it was about a week or may be just a couple days prior to this, I noticed it the first time because of how bright the light was and how it was glowing from yellow to orange and didn't have any blinking lights like a plane or helicopter, just like this night.. so as I started recording( I'm still on my skateboard, but now im slowly moving towards the north, hence the shaky video). As im trying to focus my camera and zoom in i notice that as I'm zooming in it appears to be rotating around two center white lights(but for some reason on the video you can see the rotation) As im recording I notice that it was way bigger and brighter then a plane,helicopter and there was no blinking lights and if you your able to slow it down and zoom in some more(which is why I attached the original recording and a edited slowed down copy), it apears to have something or someone moving in between the two bright white lights in the center of the yellow-orange glow, it even apears to look over its shoulder as if he sees or hears something in my direction, looks as if it's moving it's arms from one side to the other or possibly moving controls. But moving fast and rushed almost as if he is frantic and in a hurry ,(Not sure why I think that, but that was the feeling I got after I watched the video at home). Around the 18 or20 sec mark its glow gets brighter and brighter from bright yellowish orange to bright orange glow and then turns into a ball of bright blue/then white light that encompasses the whole thing, but right before it turns to the white light and darts off in a west/north direction, you can see something being lifted or beemed up towards the light, looks like something that appears to be moving in fish like movement swimming straight up to the light but right before it reached the craft , the lights goes from blue to bright white in a flash and darts off in a west direction and then the object falls back down to earth... and then with in a few seconds after the light disappears you can see a plane coming directly over and through the path of where the craft was b4 it disappeared. probably why it took off so fast and why they didn't stick around for the object to get to them... I'm not sure what I'm suppose to do with this recording. I feel there may be more information that I may be missing because im not able to edit it properly. Possibly more than one person/ thing flying it, not sure but I'm hoping you can find out and let me know.. also Im curious to know what that object was that fell after it took off and disappeared...
