{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-01-04 19:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478787","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81328","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3189,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/787/mufon-5478787.json","updb_database_id":5478787}
{dr}Two Unidentifiable Objects in the night sky

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?
I was driving home going toward Nolensville Road on Holt Road in Brentwood, TN. 

2. What made you first notice the object?
The two large lights on the bottom of the objects. There was a very large red covered light on the left, a similar sized green light on the right and a uncovered blinking red light in between the other two lights. The lights appeared to be equal distance apart as from each other and had a slight angular setup to where they was located on the bottom of the object.

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?
I thought it might have been a commercial drone. However the size, stability and speed was too good to be a commercially bought drone.

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.
As I was driving down Holt Road toward Nolensville Road I saw a Red and Green light in the sky just above the tree line. It was odd, because airplanes have the lights on the wings and have white lights on the front. This only had the green and red lights, and they was too close together to be on wings, this would have been on the body of the object. Shortly after, a second object that is identical in lights come in behind the first object. They stayed in uniformed flight the entire time, even during the short turn they performed. The started out to the left of my car flying in a path perpendicular to the road. They then turned to about a 45 degree run to the road and passed over my vehicle. I lost sight of the objects after that.

There was computer like control of both objects, they flew in unison and very quickly. Its difficult to size an object that can't be seen with the exception of the lights on the bottom of the object. 

My gut instinct tells me that they might be military drones. They was too small for maned flight, and they was too perfectly controlled to be done without some kind of program behind it. One turned at a specific point and then 2nd turned in roughly the same location just like clock work.

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.
It truly is amazing what technology can do, I was excited to see something that I had not seen before. 

6. How did you lose sight of the object?
I lost sight as they passed over my car.

I felt I needed to report this as I couldn't identify the objects, however I do believe they are man made. But I'd love to know if anyone else reports this or if there is a way to see if something was going on.
