{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-24 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506366","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52434","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2161,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/366/mufon-5506366.json","updb_database_id":5506366}
It was a bright orange like star that seemed to flicker a bit, traveled low

I was standing outside my sisters house gazing at the stars when I saw an orange glow approach from South east direction. It was momentarily obscured behind a tree, then it appeared out from it. I first thought someone was flying a lighted kite because the glow looked like it but when the object moved in a curved path, passing over houses at the end of the street,I realized that it was a UFO as there was no sound. There were no strobe lights and the glow appeared to flicker slightly. As the object flew away in a curved path, its light dimmed and before getting obscured again by houses, it had dimmed completely.
The moment I saw the object, I knew it was not an aircraft because there was no sound and secondly, the light was a glow without there being a beam effect. The UFO was at a pretty low altitude of about 300ft and it moved without wavering in path. I could have mistaken it for an aircraft had the glow been of the color of landing lights. I watched the object fully aware that it was most probably a UFO and as the light dimmed, I was even more convinced of the craft being under intelligent control. The light of the UFO dimmed before it disappeared behind houses dimmed to a small point of light. 
It seems that the craft was accelerating throughout the curved path.
I watched the scene calmly and at no time did I take my eyes off the object. It will be apt to say here that I was standing outside and gazing at the skies to see if there is really something out there and I just saw that.
