{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486366","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73344","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4019,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/366/mufon-5486366.json","updb_database_id":5486366}
{rjl} Witnessed solid white light shortly after sunset hovering several thousand feet. It then tracked west and descended to a couple hundred feet, climbed, descended, climbed then entered the sea. A dark helicopter returned from the landing site after.

I went to Sunset Cliffs to surf in the afternoon... just watching the sunset after and taking pics with my Galaxy S5. Shortly after sundown I noticed a solid white light hovering at several thousand feet over the ocean. It was then slowly tracking west and decending. It stopped at a couple hundred feet above the ocean, descended, ascended to the prior height, decended again, reascended, then slowly decended into the depths.... a dark helicopter was circling the area after then headed south. I was suspecting that it was a planned landing. After the incident I discovered an anomaly in the photos...an Orb like I've never seen before. There are 4 bright Orbs within, as well as a silloette of a humanoid/light being with arms out on the bottom 2 bright Orbs. The only reason I belive this is not a digital anomaly is because of what I witnessed after the pictures were taken during sunset. I was too enthralled with the encounter to get the camera out and it was far off and darker then. This Orb with a flat bottom, domed top, and inner Orbs is glowing like a sundog illuminated through the clouds. I didn't see it at all until it looked like a bright unchanging point of white light, smaller in comparison to the Orb. 
Since 1993 I've had dozens of sightings of all types...big, small, metallic, glowing, emenating auras, day, night, twilight, etc.
I lost an hour while living in Lake Tahoe along with an entire household. Clocks, watches, battery or plugged in. All off one day. I was Spotlighted on the back deck the first night I entered that house in Tahoe Donner. Everyone who went in that house had experiences of being watched. The time lapse was 4 months later...
It's been 16 years since then and lately I'm witnessing all kind of new phenomenon. Daytime high elevation metallic Orbs, a satellite height UFO (solid white) moving 3 times as fast, all the way across the horizon west to east, but faded on a light as bright and as big as the moon (through aresol haze) on and then off in 5 seconds just once as it passed near overhead. Early morning, 4 am. Then 40 minutes later another on the same west to east path but no illumination 2nd pass, again moving triple or more than satellite speed. I believe in Devine intervention through our collective consciousness.... I've had some amazing intuitive experiences lately. I am hopeful that these light-beings are here to witness the atrocities in place on this beautiful garden planet. If we all realize the potential conflict within and make peace with ourselves first, then we can reach peace on a global scale and work together on harmonizing the balance. War cannot bring peace. Teach love. Unconditionally.... only Love can conquer a Demon. Be peaceful. Stay at Oneness. Promote positivity and conciousness through actions. This is the message I'm getting...
