{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484366","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75469","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3949,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/366/mufon-5484366.json","updb_database_id":5484366}
{dr}Ball of Orange light splits into three right in front of my face

I was heading North east on County Road F towards HWY 65 in Dresser Wisconsin about 3 miles from Trollhaugen ski resort. There is sort of a magical presents in a specific area of road. I've even stopped to take pictures in the past (I almost felt I had to) of the landscape and in the photos you can see white balls of light. Also, about a half mile before the sighting is land for sale. Another weird place that gives off a strange energy I cannot quite describe. I'm drawn to these places, very nervous about them, and also at peace about them. It was around 9pm towards the end of summer. I had just gotten off of work and was heading out to pick up my children from my parents home. I had never before seen lights, crafts, or anything strange before this. But I have always dedicated enormous amounts of time into learning about strange phenomena, the unknown, just anything beyond our daily tunnel vision...they say you'll know what matters most to you if you pay attention to where your mind wonders...my mind is always focused on the universe and the mysteries it holds. With that being said I'm no fool to reality. Also, I live right next to a small local airport, it's quite literally in my back yard. I see and hear all sorts of aircraft everyday, all day. The sighting was about 10 miles away from my home and the airport. 

As I was coming up a small hill on county road F I noticed a big orange ball shape about 300 ft above the tree line to the right of my car. I was alone, the sun was under the horizon at this point. I was instantly scared and started to shake. Something kept telling me "don't look, don't look!" Loud as day I could and still can hear those words. I tried so hard not to look. As I drove closer to where it was...I looked. The VERY instant I looked directly at the orange ball the lights split, and now there were three of the same size glowing orange lights. All within the same distance from each other, the same size, and silent.(I had turned my radio down as I was coming up the hill when I first noticed the first orange ball of light.) It was as if it was waiting to see if I would look or not. It was at that exact moment I almost froze and said out loud, "I should not have looked!" I watched in my review mirror as I drove past the lights still scared...I honestly could not believe what happened...I picked up my children about 5 miles more away from the sighting and decided if the lights were still there I would take a picture on my way back. All that was left was a tiny red light in the distance moving slowly away, not blinking, silent, no physical structure could be made out. I stopped the car, rolled down my window and tried to take a picture of the red light but it was not showing up. Just blackness on my camera. 

To this day I am still so confused on what that was, and the fact it was at a place I had longed felt strange about. I'm nervous to ever see something like that again...and I wonder if I wasn't suppose to look for a reason, maybe I was being protected, but since I did look...now what? 
I included a picture I had stopped to take a couple of years before in the same area I had seen the orange lights. Weird.
