{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-25 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283366","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120072","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4751,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/366/mufon-5283366.json","updb_database_id":5283366}
Intensely bright light witnessed flying in distance hovering and moving unpredictably on military base during training.

For 5 consecutive nights during late-august 2021 I witnessed an intensely bright light south of our position during a training exercise on a highly restricted military base in rural Utah. I do not know how far away but it was at least 3 miles south of us but no more than 5 miles (there were mountains at that point and this was between the mountains and us, but the area from our point to three miles outs was all salt flats and a small garrison area.)

The first night I saw the object it appeared as just an intensely bright light, almost similar to if you’ve ever seen a phone battery explode. I didn’t think much of it and assumed it was a DOD R&D project. It was bright white and from what I could tell colorless. 

The next night I saw it again and it was so bright it actually hurt my eyes and woke up one of my colleagues, a field grade military officer. He asked what it was and I told him I didn’t know. He got out of his tent but it disappeared before he could see it. I told him I saw it the night before and he told me to let him know if I saw it again. 

The next night I not only saw it again but I believe I saw it “take off”. The light flared up intensely bright but then dimmed drastically and began to rise. I rushed to get my colleague and he and two other colleagues were with him and we all observed it together. It moved slowly in the air before either landing, turning off, or disappearing. 

This happened again the next night but the “test flight” lasted much longer and the object moved much more dramatically, East to west, and we assumed north and south tho from our perspective we could not tell. At times the light was so bright that we could not look directly at it. 

The 5th night we believe the object crashed. This time we actually all got together to watch it with cigars and drinks (a nice off night in the field) and had some fun with it, watching an alien movie earlier in the night. The object appeared, later than usual, a little after 11, and took off and completed and handful of maneuvers. Suddenly, the object rose up quickly before falling in an arch-like path and suddenly a massive flair up occurred where an intensely bright light appeared so brightly that it reflected off of our entire training site and waking up numerous other people who were sleeping. The light was so bright and large that we all had to turn away. Our leadership called range control to find out what happened and we were told not to worry but that no movements can take place and we were to shelter in place until further notice. 

Two days later we were released from the exercise early but before we could leave the secured sight we had to go to a building where we had to shower and they laundered all of our clothes and equipment. Only once we were cleared could we leave. The presence of OGA (“Other Gov’t Agencies”, undeniable gov’t employees basically, people we jokingly call Men In Black) was high that day. 

This is likely some military R&D situation rather than exactly what you’re looking for, but it was an intense experience and I feel the need to share. I took numerous videos but most are too low quality to really tell anything. I have attached one that does a decent job showing the movement of the object tho pales in comparison to what we witnessed with the naked eye. 

The best way I can describe the movements is it was like one of those quadcopters but the object was so bright I imagine it was much larger. With it being so large (I assume) the movements must be incredibly quick. I’ve never seen anything like it before. I asked my colleague, the field grade officer, who has a decent amount of experience training and working at that site and he told me, “You see a lot of funny things out here, but I’ve never seen anything like this.” We could not hear anything the entire time, even when it crashed.
