{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-15 05:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494366","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65112","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4849,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/366/mufon-5494366.json","updb_database_id":5494366}
{dr}Glowing object. 12

My step-son and I were walking out to our turkey hunting location at 5;10 A.M. 15 April 2015. We hunt on a 40 acre parcel in central Dane, County, WI. It was the first day of hunting during our time period. We hunt on private land and no other hunters are allowed on the property. There are scattered homes in the area but there are no visible farm lights or yard lights where we hunt. We have hunted this property in the past and are friends of the owners.
We checked our watches and turned to walk to our hunting hide outs. My step-son noticed a light 400 yards distant traveling across the open and elevated farm field from NE to SW along the neighbor's fence line. The trees along this line are scattered and had no leaves on them at the time of the incident. The relative humidity was very low that day in fact red flag warnings were up for fire danger and there was no dew present on the grass, our cars, boots etc. A Crescent moon was low on the SE horizon and skies were clear with only thin alto-cirrus horsetails beginning to form in the early morning sky. Winds SE and light at 5-7 MPH. We were walking due east across the corn field from our cars. The car headlights were not on and the cars had been tuned off for about 12 minutes. Looking across the field stubble he commented that it looked like someone else was driving in from the neighbor's side toward us. The light reached a gate opening in the fence line which is 25 feet wide and it turned through the opening toward us. Height above the ground was 10-12 feet the entire time. The Light was bright white at center and fuzzy blue to blue-green at the outer edges and pulsed as it traveled. It also changed shape from round to oval as we watched it come toward us. The light maintained its altitude but started to zig-zag South then North then South, then North. We thought it might be a very tall jogger? Then thought it was a person on horseback? This left then right sequence lasted for a count of 8 seconds. We continued to observe and walk toward it closing the distance between it and us by about 150 feet determined to find out what we were seeing.We were concerned that there might be other hunters on the property that were un-aware of our presence and thus creating an un-safe situation. By the count of 9 seconds the light simply vanished-gone. There was no sound. I then took a flashlight out of my pocket and shined it in the direction of last contact expecting to see something out there reflecting back- nothing.
My step-son and I spoke very little, trying to make sense of what we had just seen? We agreed to continue the hunt but to text each other once we got set-up at our separate hides. We saw nothing else related that morning. At 10:00 A.M. we agreed to meet on the property and hunt together. We made a pact to not discuss what we had witnessed while we were still on the property. We decided to write down our own individual recollections as soon as we got back to our own separate vehicles. Our individual recollections, distances, descriptions, were almost identical once we exchanged our written notes.

After my step-son left the property I went back out to the field and paced off the distances from where we first observed the light crossing the open gate entrance to where the light vanished in mid field during that 8 second count time frame. I am a trained Forester and distance measurement is something I do everyday. The object traveled 135 yards in 8 seconds. That is 400 feet, which is 50 feet per second, which is 34 MPH. There were no reflective posts on the property such as snowmobile trail markers. The property is not posted with Trespassing signs of any kind. There were no tire tracks in the adjacent field or field we were on. No footprints left by any four-footed animals such as a tall horse. There was no hard evidence on the ground. No burn marks. No fabric, Nothing reflective. 

Whatever we saw for that 8 seconds was there and then simply vanished without a sound or a trace. I have been in the outdoors all my life. I have camped, bushwhacked, canoed, slept out in all weather, all seasons from the Arctic ocean to the Florida Everglades and I have never had an experience as this that I cannot explain.
