{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-07-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527366","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28262","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2490,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/366/mufon-5527366.json","updb_database_id":5527366}
saw ufo on road to mt. st. helens

we were about 20 miles from roads end to the mt. st. helens overlook when we pulled over to get some water out of a pond at the base of a rock cliff 
with a small water fall trickeling into the pond. as i walked towards the cliff i could here the water fall, then everything went dead , no sound and the air was dead like. then i noticed this strange wispy fog streaming by the rock wall. and the water wasent falling any more.
  i thought this was verry strange, so i looked up the road and there was a river comeing down the vally but it was turned to a heavy smoke looking stream now. so i looked up and there was a thick fog layer 200 ft. above us and i noticed that there was a perfect round hole in the fog above us and i could see the stars, then i noticed this one star started to move in a eratic hexagon pattern real fast then stop. then it did it agin , this went on for several min. it was definetly verry far away out in space. all of a sudden i saw a beam of light comeat me from the distance
i got scared and i knew it was not from earth. then it materialized at the opening above me. the whole place lit up like daylight but it was a wierd light, the trees looked funny. then i could see the ufo 200ft. above my headwith these beautiful blue & red tiny lights rotateing around the rim of the ship, acolor like nothing i ever seen before. my girl frind was sitting in the car , i told her to look at it several times , she just sat there like she was paralized, then the ufo took off so fast it was gone. the hole in the fog closed up and everything returned to normal. i wish it would of stayed, i had a feeling of perfect content while it was there. i felt abondond and left out when it left. i discovered a strange lump under my sholder blade. they may of abducted me , i see ther faces and close up of the edge of the light of the ufo sometimes.
