{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-07-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492366","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67171","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3927,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/366/mufon-5492366.json","updb_database_id":5492366}
{rjl} Orange globe lights flashed on 1-2-3, then went out all at once. Repeated 3 times, 3rd time, the large disc began spinning then took off, leaving an orange trail.

I was vacationing with a friend at The Outer Banks, NC. We spent spent the day on Ocracoke Island. Returning to Hatteras on the Ferry that evening (dusk), a sudden light appeared in the sky over the water ahead. Then, a second light, and a third. Then, all at once, they went out. Again, just a few yards ahead (to the South), the lights appeared again, one at a time - bling, bling, bling. Then out, all at once. This happened a third time, again moving forward a few yards, then a fourth. This time, instead of all going out at one time, all the lights began to spin to the left, giving the sense that they were attached to a very large circular/disc shaped object (as the sky was getting dark, it was hard to see much beyond the lights themselves). Spinning, the lights became a blur. Then they streaked off to the North and vanished within a few hundred yards. I have poor depth perception, but I would say this object was fairly low to the water for a flying craft -- maybe equal to the height of a 3 to 5-story building. The lights were round, glowing bright orange, and had to be several feet across to be as visible as they were from the ground. The overall object was not really visible in the dark. As I said, I did feel the lights were attached to something dark and round, as the eventual spinning before shooting off created a blurred path, with the lights disappearing as they spun to the far side of the craft, then appearing again as they came around to the front.

The Ferry was packed with all the passengers standing along the rails or near their cars. I remember feeling frozen -- had my camera around my neck, but was so in awe of the sight, that I couldn't look away to take a picture. The entire group just stared silently, accept a man standing in front of me. He said, "Are we seeing what I think we're seeing?" I responded with, "I can't think of any other explanation." He and I exchanged some "holy cows", but no one else made a sound or even looked away. I made a few comments to my friend, but she never responded. On the car ride back up the Island to Avon (where we were staying) I couldn't stop talking about it to the friend that was with me. She never really said much -- I assumed that she was still in shock. But, years later, I brought this event up to her. Her response shocked me. She told me that she remembers me mentioning the event from time to time, but she doesn't remember being there. She insists it must have happened another time. Well, I've only been to the Outer Banks once - there WAS no other time. I know it was not a dream and have to believe that she has just blocked it out. As so many on the Ferry remained silent and motionless, I've often wondered if the man I talked to and myself were among a very few that were aware of what we were seeing. 

NOTE: Under "number of objects observed", I checked both 1 and 3. I definitely saw 3 round lights, and only speculate that they were attached to 1 large craft. Number of witness is estimated.
I am reporting this now, as this sighting just keeps getting stronger in my mind. I am curious to know if any others on that Ferry reported this event.
