Case No. 1895 23062023

Date: June 23, 2023.

Approximate Time: 06:30 local time.

Location: Quilicura, Metropolitan Region.

Witnesses: S.A.Z.M.

Images: User sent 1 photograph.

Description: The user reported that (sic): “Good evening, on last Friday, June 23, due to known reasons, bus departures from Terminal Pajaritos towards the V Region on Route 5 were delayed. The bus was supposed to leave at 18:05, but with the delay, we left Terminal Pajaritos at 18:15hrs. Minutes later, I can't specify exactly what happened.”
While looking out the window and listening to some music on my phone, I saw a row of quite bright yellow lights aligned horizontally, though at an inclined angle. At first, I thought they were light posts on the hill or just cars, but I believe I saw them turn off and on, which caught my attention and also the attention of the gentleman sitting in the window seat. We watched them for a few seconds and I made the recording. The total duration I estimate was:
30" + the duration of the video. Today I downloaded the video to my device and tried to locate the recording. Following the roundabouts or exits of the highway, and considering that minutes later I checked my location on Google maps, I found the place I share below, although you could estimate another location (up to 40' after leaving Pajaritos heading towards Villa Alemana on route 5). The best reference was the long building seen at the end (to the left) next to the roundabout.
The highway, which, unlike the previous ones, has both lanes curved just before passing under the road. According to me, this is the exact location:
https://goo.gl/maps/VbBWt8FYSnvd4cpL7 Using street view and looking towards the East.
I zoomed in on the satellite view and saw another highway behind the hill, it's likely that the lights were from vehicles driving behind the hill and the lights going out was the hill to the left (the steeper one) blocking the view as the bus advanced.
( The bus was 2-stories ). Still, I think the height perhaps doesn't match exactly.
House lights perhaps, some installation on top of the hills, etc. Minutes before I saw
a plane parallel to us landing, this was shortly after leaving the terminal. The plane
was parallel in the opposite direction and these front lights were facing us. I would say
they were similar in size and color. Despite the rain and clouds, the lights reflected
quite a bit. That point caught our attention. I'll leave you the video for
In your analysis. Congratulations on your work. Best regards. P.D. - I lowered the video quality a bit due to the 60M limit. If they are not street or lamppost lights, I can send you the original."

Additionally, the video file "luces Santiago Quilicura-1.mp4" was uploaded along with the report.

The user's location was georeferenced at the coordinates 33°19’ 34” S, 70°43’ 05” W at an altitude of 485 m.s.n.m., located on Route 5 in a sector of Quilicura, and the observation moment was defined as June 23, 2023 at 06:30 (HL) (Figure 1).
Figure 1

The user provided their location as seen in Figure 2.


                                     Figure 2

The forensic analysis of the information determined that the recording was made at 06:30 (HL) on June 23, 2023, using the main camera of a cellular phone, according to the user's report, as metadata could not be obtained.

Figure 3 shows what was reported as it appears in the recording of frame 10002, which was taken as the subject of study.
Figure 3

Figures 4 and 5 illustrate the scene of the sighting.

                                         Figure 4
                                       Figure 5

Based on the detailed description provided by the witness, it was possible to determine the nature of the reported phenomenon, placing its position at 485 meters above sea level (masl) and 842 masl for the reported lights (Figure 6).

                                       Figure 6

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the testimony and the results of the studies.
The forensic, photographic, and geographic analysis concluded that what was reported corresponds to street lights in the upper part of the Chicauma sector, as seen in Figure 6. This, combined with the observer's height who was on the second level of a moving bus, is consistent with the intermittency and angle changes reported due to the elements that interfered with the line of sight.
