{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1970-11-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5180673","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"cjg2j4","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5180673,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
The RCMP report states that while on patrol at 9:50 PM on the night of November25 Constable Ralph Keeping was contacted by Lawrence Smith of Lower ShagHarbour. (This Close Encounter incident was investigated separately by DonLedger and Chris Styles and is supported by documents from the Royal CanadianMounted Police. Styles interviewed Lawrence Smith while Ledger interviewedboth Smith and Ralph Keeping a year or so later. Both Ledger and Stylesinterviewed Colonel Rushton who Ledger tracked down).Category 3
E-M Cases
Electromagnetic
Interference

Directory

Smith Brothers Close
Encounter
Shelburne, Nova Scotia
Nov. 25, 1970

Fran Ridge:
This Close Encounter incident was investigated by Don
Ledger and is supported by documents from the Royal Canadian Mounted
Police. The RCMP report states
that while on patrol at 9:50 PM on the night of November 25 Constable
Ralph Keeping was contacted by Lawrence Smith of Lower Shag
Harbour. Smith reported that he and his brother Manus Smith had been
driving on
old Highway 3 near the western Bear Point turnoff when they encountered
some lights in the sky. Investigation shows the incident turned out to
be a Close Encounter of the Third Kind and possibly even more.

Don Ledger:
The ones I'd give you are backed up by either RCMP reports or
Canadian Armed Forces reports or I've personally investigated. They all
come from my book, Maritime UFO Files covering from 1938 to 1998. The
attached comes from Maritime UFO Files and is also reported in Dark
Object by Don Ledger and Chris Styles and is supported by both my own
and Chris Styles investigation and RCMP reports. There are two
sightings of the same object at the same time from two locations
separated by about 10 miles. One is a civilian sighting and another by
a Cpl. in the CAF at radar base Bacarro.

The Smith Brothers Close
Encounter - Don Ledger
Documentation (five
pages) - RCMP
