{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1962-08-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492116","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67435","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5232,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/116/mufon-5492116.json","updb_database_id":5492116}
{jpg} Sighting Of Three Entity's And What Appeared To Be A Small Craft

I will start off by mentioning I was 7-8 years old. I do not know the exact year this happened. Either 1962 or early 1963. (I was only a kid)
We (my family) just moved into a new house in Vienna, Va. (1962)
Being this was a new house and surroundings to me, I was very unfamiliar to the house and yard. I do know I had yet never been in my own backyard. And had no idea what it looked like or its surroundings.
I shared a bedroom with my two brothers. They slept in a bunk bed while I had my own bed.
The head of my bed was up against the wall which also had a window looking out into our back yard.
Everyone was asleep, and I do not have a clue as to what time it was. All I know is us kids were in bed for the night.
Something made me wake up. I remember the room was bright. For whatever reason I wanted/had to look out the window. To this day I wonder why I looked out the window.
There were three what looked to be people in my back yard. The whole area was a very bright white. It was like it was in the middle of the day brightness. These entity's reminded me of a family. There was two tall ones, I'm guessing maybe 4 feet tall, and a smaller one. The smaller one was in the middle, and I am pretty sure the two tall ones were holding hands
with the smaller one. I know they were looking at me. I don't recall seeing their noses, necks, any hair or even mouths. It is like their heads just blended into the body. They were a grayish white. No clothes, and nothing to reveal if they were male or female. Just all grayish whiteness except for their eyes which were very dark and the almond shape as it is described now a days.
As weird as it sounds I felt like something was telling me it was OK and not to be scared. And I wasn't scared, and looking back it was very peaceful. They just continued to stare at me. Again recalling how I felt very safe and like they were friends. It was a feeling and knowledge from within I am having a hard time explaining.
In the short amount of time I was actually looking out the window, I saw my back yard for the first time. It was all lit up like daylight. I saw a few bushes and trees. I even saw a shiny structure to the right of them about 15 feet. It went straight up is all I knew at that time. Turns out it was a neighbors antenna tower. He was an amateur radio operator I found out years later.
Close to the base of this tower but in front of it it was as white/grayish as can be, and I think I saw a structure, and I do recall it appeared to be a saucer shape. But I am not sure of this as I was more interested in these three entity's and it was very bright and hard to look at the saucer "thing". I recall it was hard not to continue looking at the three of them.
I know I am repeating myself but I felt very at ease and safe, and because of this(?) I dropped back down into my bed and fell right back to sleep.
This is something else in all these years I have wondered why I just went back to sleep instead of continuing to watch what was in my back yard.

Weeks/days(?) later, settled in to a new house, I eventually ventured out for the first time into my new back yard. It was like I already knew what to expect in seeing. The same trees, bushes, layout, and yes the antenna tower was all there just as I saw it when I was looking out my window at the three I call friends.
The most amazing thing about it is there is an indentation in the ground and round in shape where I saw this saucer grayish thing.

Not many people I have told this to. I have talked to my family a few times about it, and a few close friends. One of my brothers says he remembers that night, but I have a hard time believing it because I don't recall him being awake, but then again, I don't recall looking in my room while all this was happening. So I wouldn't know if anyone else was awake or not.

I find this incident really weird and strange as years go by. I know what I saw. And being the age that I was at that time, I don't recall watching cartoons or TV shows that showed these "little gray men" with almond shaped eyes, no mouth, no neck, etc. I know I didn't read books about it...so I am left knowing what I saw, and now seeing TV shows etc. about this stuff, and everyone in them describing exactly what I saw. It's amazing and baffling at the same time. Sometimes I wonder if I was dreaming it. But on the other hand, how can I dream of something I know nothing about? 
I remember being at peace and feeling like they were friends (only way I can describe it). It was a strong feeling. (and still is)
