{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483116","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76820","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2769,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/116/mufon-5483116.json","updb_database_id":5483116}
{nd} witnessed a pulsating wave, rainbow spectrum, invisible light, very close range, 2 witnesses

In the summer of 1971 near or just outside of Gainesville Florida, while walking in a lightly wooded area with my girlfriend, I momentarily stopped walking to turn away from the breeze to light a cigarette. My girlfriend was standing about 4 feet from me. As I had my back turned to her while 
lighting the cigarette. She said, "I have never felt like this before".
Her tone was calm but I could tell from the tone of her voice, she was referring to something that was completely non-sequitur to any conversation
we may have been having previously. My instant reaction was that of 'no idea what she means'. I turned to look at her, and saw her mouth slightly agape and eyes looking up over my right shoulder. I turned to look up in the direction she was looking and within a second I felt a wave of a feeling of well-being come over me, consuming my entire perception. I then
saw what appeared to be parallel waves approximately 1 to 2 feet in width,
with a total combined width of perhaps 100 feet hovering 20 to 30 feet above me. The waves were 'rippling' within these segments, and I could "see" a very regular pattern. The 'light' was invisible but I could sense a series of colors in the spectrum, not visually, but more physically.
The intensity of the overall wave was overwhelmingly obvious. The phenomenon lasted, it seemed, about 3 to 10 seconds. I turned to look at her again and without uttering one single word, we both turned and continued on our walk. There was no thought of discussing it with her, and she did not mention anything at all either. We never discussed the incident and I had absolutely no thoughts of questioning her as to what she experienced either. It was as if it did not happen at all, but here I am 45 years later still wondering what the phenomenon was.

There are ESP overtones in my life, having been tutored by a past student
of George Colby within a year of the incident at Cassadega, Fla. Later in life I crossed paths with Ingo Swann and a few other interesting people,
but never discussed with incident with anyone at all.
