{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-14 22:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488116","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71534","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3022,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/116/mufon-5488116.json","updb_database_id":5488116}
{cak} Next to Midway Airport: A very bright planet-like object seen at Eastern tip of Cassiopea, stationary then tight circles, light pattern variation then complete color change to red and moved off quickly NE towards Chicago downtown

Residential backyard of house less than 0.25 mile East of Midway Intl. Airport, Chicago, IL. Very clear night sky, even for Chicago approx. 10:30PM tonight, I observed an unusually bright object at the lower of East end of the visible constellation star grouping of Cassiopeia. So bright, and slightly orange in tint, at first I thought I was looking at planet Mars in the sky, but this was brighter than I've ever seen it? Also, it appeared to "twinkle": demonstrate some variation in intensity, perhaps like a star. Fixated on it now, I kept looking at this object and it seemed to be more of a crescent or rectangular shape and I could make out red edges at opposite ends of this object, too. 
 It started to drift or move slowly from a stationary position from the star pattern, and then maneuvering to a correcting course. Then I noted the object to make tight circles a few times and then that's when I realized I'm seeing something highly unusual now as its movements were too unorthodox to explain! I witness all types of aircraft and satellite movement across the skies by the Airport, day and night, but this was not behaving like anything I'd be familiar with. Went inside quickly to make two calls - had camera too - I wanted to shoot some video of this object, but I did not. No time to call out neighbors to see this phenomenon either... The flickering continued as I was on the cordless phone and the object wobbled, but always moved back to its stationary position while demonstration some light pulsing (NOT blinking) for several minutes. 
 The object then changed from the bright orange (sodium light-type color) to a dark red (tail-light)? and back again, in one second intervals for about 8 seconds or so. 
  Then, a change to all red with an appearance of red at opposite ends connected by a solid red line (barbell)?  The object then proceeded to gradually move off to the Northeast (parallel with Stevenson freeway path towards downtown Chicago) and gaining in velocity and then disappear in that direction accelerating at an high rate of speed.... Wow.  Amazing seeing something I can't explain! Very exhilarating!   [Name removed/cms/tg]/Chicago-Midway Oct. 14 11:55PM
