{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1962-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498116","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61139","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3275,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/116/mufon-5498116.json","updb_database_id":5498116}
{dr}A huge frisbee metallic object. Brilliant white light different from any light I have ever seen.

I am an airline pilot (ret) and was flying over eastern Washington in the winter of 1961/1962. The object first appeared descending at a steep flight path on a collision course with the aircraft I was flying. When I first saw it I thought it was a B-52 descending into Fairchild AFB. The craft was traveling at an extremely high rate of speed. It stopped extremely suddenly and paced my DC-3 at our altitude for about two minutes. Then it suddenly accelerated and "flew" off in a Northwesterly direction climbing at a high angle (about 30 degrees) and disappeared. A minute or so later the craft reappeared descending out of the northwest sky. It slowed to our airspeed at an extreme rate and paced our aircraft for two or three minutes. The light was very bright but did not "hurt" the eyes 
or affect our night vision. I do not know how to describe the color of the light except to say that it was "pure" white. A "color" I have never seen elsewhere before or since. The craft then accelerated 
into the northeast sky climbing out at a high angle of say twenty to thirty degrees. I have no way to describe the way it accelerated. However the craft did not pitch up to climb but remained level. It also did this during the descents. This is a feat that no craft with which I am acquainted can accomplish. No noise nor propulsion system could be observed. It appeared that the air in front of the craft became a vacuum and it was "pushed" by the air pressure behind it. We did not seem to be any danger once we realized that it was not going to hit us and it was not necessary to change course or altitude which was about 4,000 ft. MSL. I was very, very interested in the craft and filled with awe. (I still am.) My opinion was and still is that I was looking at an inter-gallactic craft. After the event was over the captain turned to me and said: "Did you see anything?" To which I responded: "No." No report was ever filed and this is the first time I have ever written about it. The captain continued to be friends until his death and neither of us ever spoke of the event again. As a side note it was a cold winter night with snow on the ground. I am very acquainted with the effects of temperature inversions and other "tricks" which can be played on the eyes. This was none of them. I am a retired airline captain and have over 29,000 of flying time. I have never seen anything of this nature before of since the above event. This event changed my life forever and has haunted me from that time to this. Thank you for the opportunity to get this off my chest.
