{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-16 23:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490116","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69476","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3743,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/116/mufon-5490116.json","updb_database_id":5490116}
{rjl} Hovering group of star like objects that appeared to move slightly around each other producing a distortion effect

I was asleep before I heard my brother drive in from work. I looked at my phone to see what time it was and saw it was 11:17pm. My brother came in and turned on a light in the next room that reflected off my window. Staring at the window I saw a flash of light toward the east in the direction of the Sangre de Cristo mountains. At this point my brother had gone outside to retrieve something he left in his truck. The light is still on in the next room when My brother returns and dims the light. My bed faces my bedroom window and with less light reflecting off its surface, I noticed a glowing distortion in the sky that appeared to be wavering in place. I thought I was seeing the after effects of my eyes adjusting to the dark after seeing the light in the next room.

Curious. I continued to stare out the window from my bed and noted the same wavering light(s). I glanced right, staring at the wall to see if my vision was responsible for seeing the light in the sky. Seeing nothing I stared out the window and saw that the lights really were wavering in the sky, appearing to be relatively stationary with the exception of the wavering behavior that made the light(s) look as if they weren't quite staying in one place, but given the distance (I would say several miles) it may be that they were rapidly moving closely about each other. I thought I was seeing a satillite but the light(s) wavering in place did not reflect a defined path across the sky. Meanwhile periodic flashes could be seen (as you see with lightening in the night sky) to the east. 

My brother confirmed that he ale could see the lights and their odd behavior and noted the flashes of light when he was outside but didn't see any lightning bolts In that direction. I I is difficult to determine how distant the lights were. I cannot say they were of any particular shape, but appeared to be wavering stars flickering and giving the appearance of moving about each other in a set place in the sky. The flash of light to the east would appear now and then but ceased minutes later as we continued to stare at the lights.

I do admit feeling some fear and trepidation once I realized there might not be a mundane explanation for the flickering and slightly moving starlike object(s). My brother and I watched the lights for nearly 40 minutes. In this time frame the light(s) slowly gained altitude and would slowly descend ever so slightly, wavering and flickering in the sky. The light(s) were brighter than the stars in the night sky, the given appearance of s group of lights wavering about each other excludes Venus as a possible explanation.

Despite feeling afraid and constantly noting the time, my brother and I looked away from the window for a moment and looked back at the sky. The lights were gone. It was 12:05 August 17th. During the sighting the lights were too far away to capture on film and this narrative will have to do.

Now It's nearly 1AM. It's likely my brother and I will remain awake for the better part of the night.
