{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-12-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507116","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51603","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3364,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/116/mufon-5507116.json","updb_database_id":5507116}
{nd} New Years Eve over Front Street, power goes out and500+ revellers emerge to see glowing disk

I was with my husband who was a private pilot (and skeptic) as well as two friends. We were having dinner on the second floor of a restaurant. Around 11pm the lights in the restaurant went out and the music stopped. When we heard shouting coming from the street below the balcony and saw the people who had balcony seats looking up in awe, we quickly moved along with everyone else in the restaurant to see what was going on. The lights up and down Front Street were out and people were using lighters to see. It was a clear night and we could see throngs of revellers in the street below had been joined by people emerging from the buildings to see what was going on. Suddenly everyone stopped shouting and talking and started looking up. There, gliding noislessly above the street, was a glowing white disk. It looked to be about 500 feet up but could have been lower. It was hard to tell. I estimate about 500 people witnessed this strange craft. It glided above our heads, seemingly following the length of the street. The only sounds from those watching were sort of "Holy s**t what IS that?" kinds of subdued comments. When it got to the end of the street, about 5 or 6 blocks away, it stopped - and then suddenly did an abrupt zigzag zoom straight up - so fast it was gone within about 3 seconds. Immediately the lights came back on and the music in all the restaurants resumed. It was WILD. Everyone was stunned. My husband the pilot most of all. He was speechless. He said "Nothing in aviation moves like that". And then went on to say that as far as he was concerned we had all just seen a UFO. He wasnt willing to say it was an alien space craft - but he said it DEFINITELY qualified as an unidentified flying object. Another weird thing that had our friends spooked was that supposedly Lahaina was half powered by a generator and half was connected to the islandwide grid. The dividing line went through Front Street. A power outtage would only affect half the street. Yet the WHOLE length of Front Street had gone dark and the whole length of it came back on simultaneously. We checked the papers the next morning and there was a small story about a naval base on the Big Island of Hawaii reporting strange lights in the sky the night before. Since the Internet came along, Ive attempted to search for reports of this a couple of times - even to see if I could find an archive of that news item but havent been able to find anything. Since so many witnessed this event, I was expecting to see a mention of it here but maybe someone has to get the ball rolling so here it is! If anyone who was there that night reads this, I would love to hear their account of it.
