{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-10 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506116","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52701","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3217,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/116/mufon-5506116.json","updb_database_id":5506116}
{rjl} Not normal

I was driving North heading home when I noticed a cool bright blue "LED" type light zipping by the night sky. It flew past my line of sight from East to West. At first I thought it was a helicopter flying low and fast, so I thought nothing of it. I was approximately a block away from my house when I noticed that the light changed direction and there where multiple blue and red lights, with one dim white light in the middle of it. I made a left towards my court and I noticed the "lights" got brighter. Now the "lights" were heading North West. Mesmerized, I observed it weaving and zigzagging North West. I parked, got out of my car, and I immediately called my wife. I called her for 2 reasons, 1) I needed a witness and 2) Make her believer. I know for a fact that if I told her I saw another UFO, she would tell me that Im crazy. As I got her on the phone to come out, the object was flying everywhere, stopped on a dime, hovered up, dropped rapidly, floated down, and the lights dimmed. I heard my wife coming out and the object was still there. She noticed what I noticed. I also saw the object(s) doing barrel rolls and loopty-loops. My wifes 1st impression was, "Thats a remote controlled helicopter..." The lights were right in front of her and she was still in disbelief. We noticed the lights go behind our neighbors house and then reappeared. It didn't technically go behind our neighbors house, but from our point of view...it seemed like it went behind our neighbors house. It was too cold for her to be outside because she was wearing her PJs so she went back inside. I was standing in the middle of my driveway still observing it. I couldnt tell how far or close it was because I just had my eyes checked by the optometrist. They dilated my eyes yesterday, (Monday, Dec. 9th, 2013), so my eyes were adjusting. (I have 20/20 vision by the way). As I was observing the lights/object(s), I really didn't feel anything besides excitement. I thought to myself that Ive been seeing these "objects/lights" quite frequently since I moved to Livermore back in 2007. I felt that it got colder and my skin felt like it was tingly. Tingly as in pins and needles. I noticed the object hovered up and slowly headed towards the clouds, but before it hit the clouds the lights just turned off. Ive been walking in front of my house to see anything, but saw nothing. I went to my backyard and didn't notice anything. I feel like I may see more lights and or objects sometime in the near future.
