{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481116","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78916","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2579,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/116/mufon-5481116.json","updb_database_id":5481116}
Three lights moving around at differing speeds and formations

At 1am GMT I looked out my bedroom window to observe the meteor shower. The first time I have ever seen one as the sky was unseasonally clear. The first meteor was so amazing that I ran downstairs to grab my video camera in an attempt to record the event. As soon as I stepped outside I saw an unusual light move across the sky-unlike a meteor. Venturing further outside, I saw another, then another. Three lights were moving around at differing speeds, sometimes drawing alongside and then darting off and zooming back-it was mesmerising and took my attention completely away from the meteor shower. My camera does not capture low/no light very well and as the monitor was small, it proved difficult to see if I had managed to capture anything on screen. In any event, I pointed the lens skyward in the hope of capturing something on film. I also tried videoing on my mobile phone but all I seem to have recorded is a black screen. I immediately texted my husband who was working away at the time as it was the most strangest event I have ever seen and being outside at this time of night witnessing this made me feel quite vulnerable. The sky became overcast around 2am and it was not possible to see the meteors- but you could still see the three lights moving around above the cloud base. By 2.30am I went back inside my house. When I looked out my bedroom window, I could still see the lights and have been left wondering what these actually were. Having viewed my video footage, I can see what appears to be three small lights darting around the sky unlike any aircraft or meteors and would like to try and find out what these are. It would be great to have the footage analysed to see if we can ascertain what the objects could actually be.
