{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-16 21:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474116","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86225","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2771,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/116/mufon-5474116.json","updb_database_id":5474116}
intense shimmering gold/yellow/red/orange rectangle rounded corners

In a outside foyer at a seaside resort in Los Cabos in April 14 of 2014. My wife and I were sitting at a table looking east toward the ocean. An intense shimmering object (it looked as if you were gazing into a rectangular door opening into an intense blast furnace). The light was extremely intense. I thought at first it was a helicopter with a search light on but the light was too bright, there was no sound, and there were no marker lights. It moved slowly covering about a half a mile to ENE in about 30 seconds, and then at about 500 feet in altitude it stopped and hovered about 1/8 of a mile due north east from our position. It hovered without sound for about 2 minutes. Suddenly it changed to a pale white/green orb about half the size of the blast furnace rectangle and accelerated to the South at a very high rate of speed, and it traveled in a direct straight line directly away from us as if it was trying to achieve an orbital position. As it traveled away the green white orb left a trail or an optical illusion as if it was travelling through a series of pale green triangles. The acceleration into space could be viewed for about 30+ seconds.

Ten minutes after this occurrence another identical object followed the exact same vector to the east then hovered in almost the same spot but slightly further away, and did exactly the same as the previous.

This appeared a total of four times over the course of about 20 minutes. Aside from the blast furnace effect of how the crafts presented themselves, the most interesting observation was the green triangles that seemed to emanate from the objects as they rapidly accelerated at a shallow 15 degree tangent into space. The further the craft got the wider the triangles appeared to become. The triangles could have been some sort of positioning guidance system or possibly a guide to vectoring to a dimensional transition. 

There was never any sound, only intense shimmering light then extremely abrupt acceleration as soon as they changed from the shimmering object to a smaller greenish white orb. After the four sightings none other were seen.
