{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-19 21:27:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452116","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109527","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2808,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/116/mufon-5452116.json","updb_database_id":5452116}
Noticed an object flying in my direction, it slowed then stopped

I was talking on the phone with a friend, using a Bluetooth headset. I decided to walk out on the balcony of my 17th floor condo to finish the conversation. While talking, I noticed that there were a few bright stars or planets in the western sky. As I was looking at them, 2 red side by side lights to the left of the stars caught my attention, flying in my direction, west to east. I thought it was a plane, but I rarely see planes come from that direction so it was a little unusual. I didn’t think much about it and continued my phone call.

At this point something unusual happened . The two lights began to slow down rapidly and came to a stop. They stopped just before they would have flown over my building and out of my view (the building I live in has 46 floors). I thought maybe it was a drone but it seemed kind of high in the sky and I did hear any sound coming from it. 

The person I was talking to said I said “WTF is that?” I told him what I was seeing and he told me to take a picture of it. I remembered I was on Bluetooth and my phone was on the kitchen counter. I rushed inside, got my phone, came back outside to take the pictures. When I looked up to find the reds lights, there was now only one small red light visible, still stopped in the sky. I took 4 pictures of the sky where the light was, brought the phone down to switch to video but when I looked back up the light was gone. So I took a picture of the western sky where the bright stars or planet were.

My friend on the phone was listening to my commentary while this was going on and said I sounded like one of those people on those UFO shows while it was happening. We laughed if off, I couldn’t explain what I saw so I decided to drop it. About and hour later I decided to look at the photos I took. I realized then that I captured the red light in the photos. I zoomed in to get a better look at the red light and took screenshots of the object in the photos. I don’t know what it was and didn’t want to jump to conclusions.
