{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1949-05-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5177259","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"13n6619","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5177259,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
silvery disc-shaped object hovering over Hanford - F-82/RV CaseFran Ridge:
Afternoon. An F-82 fighter was dispatched from Moses Lake AFB, near
Hanford, Washington, to intercept a flying disc that was observed
hovering in restricted air space over the Hanford Atomic Plant at an
altitude of 17,000 to 20,000 feet. The silvery, disc-shaped
object bad been visually sighted by crew and personnel from the Hanford
radar station and confirmed on radar.

Dr. J. Allen Hynek:
A call quickly went from the Hanford station to Moses Lake AFB but
before the F-82 was airborne the disc suddenly took off in a southerly
direction at a speed greater than that of a jet fighter! The Air
Intelligence Information Report on this case states that the pilot of
the F-82 was instructed to search for the object and "intercept it in
hopes that it might be a disk." However, the object had sped out
of the range of ground radar and the pilot of the F-82 was not able to
locate it. A short time later, another aircraft was observed on
radar in the restricted air space of the Hanford Atomic Plant.
This one was positively "identified" as a commercial aircraft dropping
leaflets announcing a rodeo! Yes, you guessed it. Blue Book files
carry this UFO
sighting
under the classification of "aircraft," based on the assumption that
the commercial aircraft and the UFO were one and the same object.
This, despite the following comment by the investigating officer: It is
believed that two separate and distinct alert conditions
existed on the afternoon of 21 May 1949. The first was caused by
the sightings of Flying Saucers (noted) by Hanford using a telescope
and the operations crew of the 637th ADCC. The second was caused
by the dropping of leaflets by an aircraft into the Hanford
area. It is believed that there is no connection between the two
events.

Detailed reports and
documents
docs/490521hanford_docs.htm
(Dan Wilson)
