{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-14 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500181","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58935","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3083,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/181/mufon-5500181.json","updb_database_id":5500181}
spotted in sky a yellowish Glow like circular object

I was driving my 14 year old son to a friends house for a sleep over, my son was in the back seat of my car. A friend of mine visiting me came for the ride to drop him off. Upon driving down the residential road to his location of drop off, my friend in the front seat said to me she just thought she saw a meteorite and she pointed to the sky area where she was seeing this.
My son was in the back seat looking out the window now seeing this also repeated that's weird it is just sitting there not moving. 

Because I could not see it being the driver I decided to pull over my car on the street and I got out to view what they were talking about. But at that moment at first I did not see any thing, suddenly it appeared again and my son was saying do you see that. I could not believe how weird it was. I was viewing a glowing yellowish colored round shape in the black sky, it was pitch black outside. It just sat there in the same spot for about 2 minutes not moving, hovering I guess you called it, then in a flash it shot sideways to the right sat there for about 5 to 6 seconds and then shot straight up and disappeared again for a about 10 seconds, then we saw it again and it just sat there in the same spot, it dropped down like a flash then back up and disappeared. I was stunned and trying to figure out if this was possible to be a jet plane but I have never seen a jet plane before move in these kind of directions and there was no plane lights just a kind of yellow glow and round in shape. When my friend first saw it from the front passenger seat she stated to me that it had a tail like a meteorite but the tail disappeared and she said the tail was a white yellowish color also. I never saw the tail only the round object.

We are both adults in our 50's, we are not crazy and we know what we saw and it was a very strange experience. It is now 3 Am in the morning and i have not been able to sleep since this happened early. I went on line to see if any one else reported any thing in our area and came across your site and decided to share this with you. All I can say is I know this was not a plane and it was very strange. All I kept repeating was " what the Heck is that" My son too was freaked out. On the way back to my house we kept looking to see if we could see it again but we did not. We could not stop talking about it after we got back home and I am sitting here still wondering what it was that we saw.
