{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-31 15:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483181","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76754","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7380,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/181/mufon-5483181.json","updb_database_id":5483181}
{dr}Saw blue-white light emitting circle move fast just above lower clouds across sky west to east

First I was at Good Will in the parking lot waiting for my wife in my truck, I was sitting in the drivers seat facing the building parked in the middle of the parking lot facing the building, with my 3 year old daughter Autumn in the back seat, right behind me. And I was taking photos of the sky hopefully waiting to see the sun peak through the thick cloud cover, because three days prior I had captured what appeared to be a "tiny - second sun" in the sky that emitted much light but was not nearly the size of the sun, and the light it emitted is blue/white. The photos I uploaded are what's called "live photos" taken on my iPhone 6s. It is a new model phone with a great camera and I am very familiar with lens flare effects and this is definitely not that. The light is always moving at a very quick speed very smoothly with my camera still as I am taking Live Photos and sometimes time lapses and I make sure to have my exposure lock turned on so that when I see it the light won't blur out my cameras contrast etc. this is the same way I take time lapses of the sun sets and time lapses of the clouds moving. As I said 3 days earlier I caught a similar tiny blue white circular light, actually in front of another Good Will store in Rogers because I was again waiting for my wife who was in the store for maybe 15 minutes as she usually is when she goes there to look for books to read. So when I was at The Maple Grove goodwill (the one near elm creek Blvd) I took a bunch of Live Photos which are like mini animations and I can show you those in person I believe you may need an iPhone to view these files but am not sure. I also have other videos and photos of the sun and clouds and the sky taken in the same half hour period as the files, I would like to also submit everything taken that day. But just choosing the best ones, I hope the Live Photos show up as mini videos like they are supposed to because that's the way to see the real speed this orb / planet/sun/ ufo/round object, and the speed at which it moved. When my wife got back to the car I showed her some of the Live Photos I had just taken, and she thought they were not normal but said maybe my camera was getting lens flares, but I KNOW for a FACT that there is NO WAY these are caused by lens flares based on the still camera and the way they move so fast and fluidly the row the sky, BEHIND the clouds but visible shining through thinner layers and totally visible through no layers whenever possible. I am also including a video of the video taken from another iPhone 6 s. After she got in the car we went to Platos Closet I the the Grove Square area of maple grove which is only two blocks away, and I saw the clouds were clearing up just a bit that I might catch more of this light in the sky. So I started taking a time lapse video, or do I thought because it turned out to be recording the light/ object in slo- mo instead which turned out to a huge blessing. I was taking videos and pics when I was parking the car waiting to get out and bring my used jeans not to sell. But when I got out of the car to walk in I noticed a few small clearing in the sky so decided and I thought I saw the tiny sun light object and decided to take one last clip which turned out to be slo mo (high speed footage) and even though I couldn't see my phone screen because the sky was too bright, the fact that I could not look at it without sneezing made my realize I was getting the light on film and just was hoping to catch the circle moving across the sky, which it totally did. And fast too, I kept my phone perfectly still until the end because I thought it was a time lapse. And the object was mostly behind the clouds and appeared to illuminate the sky and clouds around if, almost like a sun. But much smsller and dimmer, but still very very bright so you can't just look at it. It was nearly straight up in the skywbpve where I was standing looking straight up or almost straight up but the object moved from the middle of my camera to the bottom of my camer in a matter of seconds and even in slow motion it moves fairly fast. I am unsure if the original video or even the time lapses or Live Photos may be seen on your phone unless it's an iPhone so oil included a video of my watching the video because I don't know howvelsevto share a slo mo video, they don't just uploaded Ike the time lapse videos do, once I got back to the car from the used clothing store, I looked closely at my new slo lo video and realized I had captured the glowing circle perfectly clearly and I realized at that time how fast it was tracking through the sky just above the clouds it appeared or maybe in orbit? But moving extremely fast? And I was feeling very excited, even when I was in the store for 5 minutes I peeked at the clip and knew it was going to be really good once analyzed and zoomed in etc. the other day when I caught the similar object at the Rogers good will I was so mesmerized by it and couldn't stop thinking about even the whole 2 days and the when my wife wanted to go to good will in maple grove o thought maybe I'll get to see this poking through the sky again and I will catch it better this time, but I only caught it for glimpses hidden within the Live Photos mini videos. Until we went to Platos closet two blocks away,I realized ghost I could probably get it good because I saw a hole in the clouds and I thought to myself and said outl loud that the hole would probably be lined up just right when I got two blocks over to the other store and it was pretty much do I started taking the time lapse but accidentally put it on slo motion and I'm so glad I did that because it really caught it clearly moving behind and through the clouds, the only time I saw blue sky during that half hour was 2 times I saw holes in the clouds but all I could see through the small
Holes, both times was airplanes leading con trails. And it almost seemed like they were trying to fill in the small. Holes I the sky with their newly spread out contrails, these were the only two tiny patches of blue sky on an otherwise bed obercast densely cloudy day.
