{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-04 22:29:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492181","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67368","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2955,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/181/mufon-5492181.json","updb_database_id":5492181}
{jpg) Bright Red Glowing Sphere

I was outside watching the fireworks on the 4th, and I looked up at the sky to my right to see a extremely bright red light. The light was so bright that it surrounded the entire craft. I was not able to see any shape of the craft because the light was so bright so I am going to say it was a sphere. It did not flash, it was a static light. The craft was relatively high up in the sky, but still below the cloud line. It flew straight across from the right all the way past our front yard and off to the left. Because of the height I did not hear any sound, but I still found that a bit odd because other craft around that altitude usually make some sort of noise. The craft would pivot slightly to the left and right. Sort of like a boat in rough seas. Do not mistaken this for the normal "zipping across the sky" this looked more like wind was effecting it because it was moving at a relatively slow speed. There were no other lights other than the red. No white lights, no strobes, etc... Having said that, I have to take an educated approach to this sighting. Even though I might believe in something like this, there is always a possibility that there is a simple explanation to this. I thought to myself, well the slow speed and subtle pivoting, and bright red light... it could have been a helicopter. But not a commercial one because of the bright red light, so then maybe a military helicopter. But the fact that the light was so bright and no other strobing lights were on it, and there was no sound I am having a hard time accepting my own answer to this. I have seen other military helicopters in the area and they are extremely loud. And just to rule it out, it was moving way too fast to be a hot air balloon. We live near a small airfield (Bowman Field) and I see aircraft all the time, and am quite familiar with the lights on crafts. I look in the sky several times a day waiting to find something, and sure enough I did! This is honestly the first time I have been unable to explain what I saw. I have a very short video that I took of it, though my phone was low batter and shut off shortly after i started to record so I was unable to take any still images. (go figure, just my luck).
