{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-31 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524181","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31705","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5489,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/181/mufon-5524181.json","updb_database_id":5524181}
Starlike light that turned on for about 3-5 seconds, went off, then came on again about 5-10 minutes later as it crossed the night sky.

Puzzling Observation in Night Sky

On either August 31 or September 1 at about 11:15 PM EDT while sitting on the back deck of my house I saw something unusual in the night sky that has been driving me crazy ever since. To avoid any misunderstanding regarding what I am about to relate, let me first provide a little background about myself in that regard. First of all I am an experienced sky watcher and from time to time will actually use high powered binoculars to observe a variety of activities in the sky including aircraft, natural phenomena, wild life, etc. I am also interested in astronomy and have a telescope which I use on occasion to view celestial objects including planets, stars, galaxies and the moon, etc. My point is that I am very experienced at what I am talking about. As a case in point, a few years ago while viewing the southwestern sky at dusk, I was fortunate enough to observe a meteorite come through the atmosphere in my direction. It made the local newspapers and was a prelude to a series of sightings that occurred about a week or two later in the Bucks County PA and NJ area of the country. As a matter of fact over a period of a few years I have observed three meteorites come through the atmosphere, but that was the only time I saw it happen in daylight. In the night time sightings they were basically what appeared to be basketball sized fireballs streaking across the sky. But in the daylight sighting what I saw was a trail of tumbling smoke coming in my direction. This took place over a period of about 15 to 20 seconds and then the smoke trail dissipated over a period of about 5 minutes or so.  

On the negative side, I have never observed a satellite or the international space station from Earth although from what I understand it is possible to do so by naked eye.

Before going into what really prompted this post let me first relate what led up to it the day before. While looking up in the southeastern direction of a clear but slightly hazy sky sometime around noon I saw what appeared to be the fuselage of a large passenger liner high in the atmosphere. What got my interest was simply the fact that I could not see its wings and didn1t hear any noise from its engines. So, it could possibly have been a dirigible from what I could tell. To be sure I went into the house to get my binoculars. But by the time I came back out it had already gone over the roof top and was no longer visible from that location so I just shrugged it off as I have done countless times in the past. I could have gone out front, or around the side of the house but it was no big deal so I didn1t bother. The point is that this was nothing new to me and has happened in the past where when view with binoculars I could see the wings of the aircraft that because of haze were not visible with the naked eye. Now, for what I saw the following night.

While looking at the night sky at about 11:15 PM in the same southeastern direction I noticed what appeared to be a very bright star (or possibly the light/s of an airplane) peek through a faint cloud in that part of the sky. It only lasted about 3 to 5 seconds and then went out as if blocked by the cloud. It seemed like it could be moving in my direction but it didn1t last long enough for me to be sure. As I continued to watch the sky including in the direction I thought the object might be moving in, about 5 to 10 minutes later it suddenly lit up again. But it was now far in front of the faint cloud and in a perfectly clear part of the night sky. Again the light was on for only about 3 to 5 seconds and went out again. I quickly went inside the house to get my binoculars but by the time I came out, whatever it was never lit up again. To be clear on this, I never actually saw the object but only the light from it. In both cases it was as bright as a very bright star and seemed to be a single light and not multiple lights as used on aircraft. And in both cases, it simply turned on and then went out a few seconds later. There was no sound of any kind associated with it. I have no idea of what it was but have never seen an aircraft do that. It would probably be a violation of aeronautical law to fly at night without lights. It is driving me crazy trying to figure out what it could have been. Whether it was related to what I had seen the day before, I have no idea. It came from the same general direction of the sky but was moving toward the left of me whereas the object the previous day went to the right of me as it passed overhead. As a final note it should be understood that the former Willow Grove Naval Air Station is about a mile or two away in the general direction, although about 45 degrees more to the south, that the light came from.
