{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-02-21 06:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502181","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56835","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":14101,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/181/mufon-5502181.json","updb_database_id":5502181}
meeting with four beings of light emitting that light from their bodies

Hello Members of Mufon,
My Name is [Name removed/cms/tg], i'm a Portuguese man, 47 years old, Walk a few years now I've been intrigued by a very strange occurrence at the time did not take into account that it would be something out of the ordinary , but always found it very strange that I saw.
I was never much interested me for these questions, if there is life outside of Earth, and even was skeptical about certain situations.

11111111111111111111111111111111111111111report

I shall report how it all happened .
I live on the beach Fonte da Telha Costa da Caparica Portugal, some years now , but working in Lisbon , and as my work began early , leave home around six in the morning because I had to cross the bridge on April 25 before a room for seven in the morning , because from that time were forming huge queues .

Saturday was the usual I get my car out of the garage and go zone without turning the lights on , because my ex -wife and son were alone and I thought for your safety and since there is a lot of people at that time in the source tile and Wear not exist nor electricity in homes or on the street, and as an isolated place and there were many cases of robberies cars , I had this ritual of leaving the house dark on two hundred meters ahead .
This situation it was on a Saturday in february of 1998. I went out six in the morning was dark and could barely see the sea only a silhouette of the sea , led as always lights off going down my street , I looked at the sea do it often to see the state the sea , and get to see right in front of drives in the sand right in the middle of the beach , went on the road to follow when looking at it , and I could see was what appeared to me to be four men do anything i don't know what !
How to intrigue is to me was twenty yards from my house and this made ​​reversing the car situation and I put myself in front of what was happening .
I stopped , turned off the car and got to see what was happening , what I saw were four very tall slender with the widest trunk were all dressed alike with a fact type of dive or something but flourishing green .

There were three individuals with one of the knees knees in the sand and the other are below with foot in water.
The three individuals were messing in the sand as if to bury something after that walked to one side and returned but his movements were continuous then knelt in front of her and the other repeated the same , then the first who turned to walk the other that was in the water turned to walk the other that was in the water and returned to the same place where the otehrs two indivudals stay.
But as I could not see their faces because it was dark and saw everything blurry , I thought I get closer to get a better look , because I had just woken up.
What I saw of their faces was all still, in my observation i can't see their eyes or mouth or ears, that is not detected. It's weard face without that.
While rubbing my eyes (could not see much more than I was allowed), I had to go to work and could not waste time , but all that was worrying me , looked at the clock to see if i still time to observe that, it was 6h10mn,
I thought to approach, i don't know if i do it had happened to me just a minute but I remember looking at the clock again and were already 6h30mn .
Lost twenty minutes with no know what happened .
I've been researching a while ago on the internet and started looking for answers to what happened and discovered that I had a lapse of time .

Well , went on my way thinking it was contraband, but fishing was not for sure because I am there since my seven months old and has always lived with fishermen and fishing so they never made ​​much less of neither in that hour or so that were done.
I gave a ride to a friend of mine , and told him what had happened as we went up the road ramp (its the way out the beach ) and told him I would go to the Fiscal Brigade ( police ) today ins't Fiscal brigade but it is GNR s ( GNR means National Republican Guard in Portugal ) the post lies here on the top of mountain, would tell them what he had seen because everything was very strange , so I did .

I called the service call and I informed him what was going on , he stared at me and said with an authoritative air it's fishing , I replied that I could not be seen to be accustomed to seeing the procedure of fishermen and even of the assist in fishing and not acted that way , he became the state two more times that fishing was as if he wanted me to shut up .
Now I was in disbelief because they have an informed Okanda radar and he certainly would have seen it and was not sure fishing, Height thought was contraband.
I decided not to conflict , and said ok , ok so it's fishing , and went away and I commented to my friend that gave me reason and told me it was best to forget what he told me .

This took place in 1998 
In that same year in the summer I met some people connected with the study of Ufology and got start explain to me out of nowhere everything about UFO's Profecy's Bible here and around the world about extraterrestrials and UFOs.
They were four: three men and a one woman. Rented for four months the bar in front of my house right next to the place where it all happened. 
I do not understand anything at first but during the three months and a half every day they gave me a few more hours of information and showed me many times as I could observe the movements of those objects that were a great distance from the earth.

Started getting increasingly concerned by all this, and for me it was all very curious. He was always anxious to get home at night and go to the bar to talk with them. 
The bar was decorated with aliens mothif (type: Aliens, Ufo's drawings with Luminescent ink, etc.).

Near the end of the summer , since the first week of September, I was drinking some coffee and thinking of nothing beginning to tell them what had happened to me , because I had also been very strange .
( Note well : I had heretofore never witnessed what associated with this alien issue)
When I just tell them ... started looking at me four smiling and abanarem the head as who claimed it was the same situation had happened to me that were to explain , and I tell them ... .. " Do not tell me this and what I 'm thinking ? ? " ...
They smiled even more and even more shaking his head said yes .
After they explained everything in detail what actually would have happened , and they told me they liked me a lead researcher Portuguese Paulo Jorge Cosmelli your name .
At the time was not very disposition to expose myself that much.
Over time each time one of them showed up , insisted to take me to watch and added to a search engine for lecture and expose him my situation .

I told them I would one day with them .
But I never got to go because I lost contact with them.
Since that time I began to thoroughly investigate the net on the UFO phenomenon , and always find it strange what happened to me but not knowing if we would have some relationship with the UFO phenomenon .
for about two years talking to many people and although he was warned to the fact that people ridicule us and they enjoy , I spoke of UFO 's and cover-ups of Governments, etc. . As noted who ridiculed me , I started to say no more on that subject and I stopped for a few years with this my research .

By 2012 , if i'm not mistake i started again to read some articles and discovered another situation that already is happening to me some years ago , from the time that all this happened .
I can not sleep nights , but the strangest are the situations that happen to me when I'm asleep .
I'm stuck between being awake and being asleep (that already feel many years ago ) , I am paralyzed unable to move a muscle , unable to speak , although I have a feeling agreed to be asleep or is it seems I'm in a trance but I know I'm awake and it seems a dream .
I know I speak but the person who sleeps with me and do not listen to me more attempts effort in the hope she hears me , after several attempts I try to play but can not , being paralyzed , until the end of time can help .
I was researching the net and found out that I have and sleep paralysis , and would like some more information on the net because some say that sleep paralysis is related to abductions .
However in 2012 and tired of supporting all this alone, seek help
with this researcher Paulo Jorge Cosmelli , and sending you an email .
spent chatting , emails to ca emails to her.
Also started to have a gender premonitions, felt something strange to some people began to hear voices, as if they are discussing or the distressed cries, but I could not realize what it was but a few days later or even the same day something happened, and there were many coincidences with certain details, the symptoms I felt were: hearing voices, had numbness in the body and could smell the blood. 
The oddest thing was that I got to dream of an automobile accident in which I was driving, I dreamed for three nights in a row and a while later the same happened to the dream. 
Nowadays, all these symptoms subsided, and I'm more relaxed because I do not like when I start to feel all this. 
Now I do not know if it is related to the sighting, so know that before any of this happened to me and I was very skeptical about these things.
Usually also for UFO PORTUGAL my story I sent them a drawing done by hand by me to better understand what I have seen , however they put a picture with my report of four beings of a movie Nicholas Cage - Knowing and my astonishment the beings that I saw are even similar to the film , the way of walking because I saw seemed to me me not touching the ground , his gait was graceful but somewhat curvadoos , and the energy of your face without eyes or mouth, silence them , etc. ) enato to Portugal ufo explained that I had an encounter of the third kind possibly fourth grade or fifth grade until even derived the amount of time in which I have been abducted during the space of time I do not remember what tera past ( they also gave me . sending PS drawing I did over the picture you sent me of UFO PORTUGAL for y'all to enjoy.
Also spoke with a Portuguese researcher at a university in Porto ( Northern Portugal ) , and has made several television reports with this issue to some people who have had sightings in Portugal including the Portuguese Air Force pilots , who also held a meeting in full flight , etc. , but not arrived to find me with this university professor yet.
This year I was asked by the investigator Paulo Cosmelli and the producer of television needed me to state my case in a TV show and went .
Expressed my sighting , already contacted me from another producer who wanted to know if I was available to expose the case in other television season which i decided to go when it's time .
Meanwhile I spoke with the investigator [Name removed/cms/tg] to say that I was available to do a regression , but he exolicou me be very dangerous and might as well leave everything as well , because sometimes a regressive hypnosis can include other elements that are not what I vi or reality is contaminated.
I think maybe even not be so because I do not know what happened in those twenty minutes and it 's been running in my head from what happened .
I do not know what to do about it .
A few years ago I sent you guys an email but do not have the heart to tell them everything , ya then sent an email to if I wanted to be social , etc. .
Today I'm not ceptic anymore.
But I decided to send them my story it may be useful to them in the pursuit of truth , and also because you guys may have more data to help me understand everything. I decided to send them what happened and therefore of utmost importance not only for me but and the general interest in the pursuit of truth. 
and your phrase "Each case file brings us one step closer to uncovering the truth ... 'had decided to tell all.I have some issues that I go to hover in my head . The investigator told me that possibly was abducted and that the beings that I spotted and made ​​a drawing of which I send them , along with 2 other pictures of the same beings that took the Internet that depict well the things I saw , and which the Portuguese researcher says that these beings are visiting Europe and their ships are the " nodriza " of Crystal Bell .
Will be available to give more details .
thank you very much
P.S.: Site on internet in portuguese with my case and explanations of UFO PORTUGAL   [Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]
Interview on TV with [Name removed/cms/tg] UFO Research  [Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]
On Portuguese UFO RESEARCH ASSOCIATION says on this place marks in the sand as it appeared in 2009 
on the Portuguese News  
[Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]

Best Regards
[Name removed/cms/tg]
