{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-27 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528181","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27405","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5247,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/181/mufon-5528181.json","updb_database_id":5528181}
Object Follows a Grayish-Dark Looking Void While Changing Course

I am reporting the following as given to me by a witness.

WITNESS:

I have been retired from the Army National Guard for the past two years and three months. I served in the Army National Guard for twenty one years. My rank was Staff Sergeant. I have been deployed twice in my military carrier. My first deployment was Desert Shield and Desert Storm in 1990-1991. My second deployment was the Iraq war in 2003-2004. In my twenty one years I have been trained to be observant, objective, and to be aware of my surroundings at all times. To include other types of training and to identify many types of enemy vehicles and aircraft at a distance, up close and by just their silhouette. During peace time training and war time deployments, I have seen aircraft ranging from spy drones, helicopters, fighter jets, stealth fighters, stealth bombers, large attack, cargo, and bomber aircraft. I have seen all these up close and afar. I have witnessed them fly by day, night and in adverse weather. I have witnessed some of these use their after burners in all of the for mentioned conditions. 

What I saw on 27 November 2010 was nothing I have ever seen before. I received my call to go to work at 0530 hrs. on 27 November 2010. I was scheduled to get on an empty coal train headed west to Fremont, Nebraska. My on duty time, as a conductor, was for 0700 hrs. Me and my engineer, whom shall remain anonymous, got on board our train and departed at approximately 0800 hrs. and headed west. Our arrival time at Fremont, Nebraska was approximately 1455 hrs. Approximately 1500 hrs., we had stopped our train and were waiting for the out bound crew to arrive so they could relieve us from our train. It was a partly cloudy day with blue skies. I believe it was either Cirrostratus or Cirrocumulus type cloud cover that afternoon. As I looked into the sky, I witnessed an eastbound aircraft flying erratically. Just like several of the other aircraft in the sky, I had believed this also to be a commercial or military aircraft due to the fact it was leaving a contrail behind it. It was flying at approximately the same altitude as some of the others. Except this was making radical coarse changes. I observed it flying in an S pattern and the contrail actually ended up shaped like the letter S. It was now flying in a slight north easterly direction. I asked my engineer if he had seen what I had observed and he had no idea what I was talking about. I pointed to the sky in the direction of the aircraft and he said 1huh, it looks like an S1. He didn1t seem interested and continued to do his own thing. I continued to watch to see if it would make any other coarse changes. Then I observed a grayish, dark looking void directly in front of the aircraft. This void was approximately four to five hundred yards long. The void appeared to be exactly the same width of the aircraft. Then a weird thing happened. This void started to slightly curve to my left, (it1s right) and with the aircraft following, went back on coarse in it1s easterly direction. I continued to watch it, this time through the side window which was to my left facing south. At first I thought it was a trick of light, or something to do with the window, or the combination of the two. I then opened my side window and stuck my head out. The void was still there. I then looked at the other aircraft. Not one had a void anywhere around them. What was strange, was that this void was not just cutting through the blue sky, it was cutting through the clouds and coming out of the clouds before the aircraft. The void look as though it was leading the aircraft. The length of this void never varied. It appeared as though the aircraft was flying into the void, but at the same time it appeared it wasn1t. Like I stated before, the aircraft seem to follow it. The void was never behind the aircraft, nor was the aircraft surrounded by this void at any time. I studied this void for some time. I realized I could not see through it and there was no distortion of the sky or clouds around this void. I watched it until I could no longer see it. I could not identify what type of aircraft it was except to say, that it appeared to be the same size and similar shape as the others in the air that day. The aircraft appeared to be shiny and silver in color. I watched the other aircraft to see if this would happen again. I did not observe anything like this with any of the other aircraft that day or any aircraft in the days that followed. Approximately three to four minutes had gone by from the beginning of my sighting to the end
