{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1983-07-01 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490181","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69413","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2903,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/181/mufon-5490181.json","updb_database_id":5490181}
A bright plane shaped object with hooked wings and a clear bottom flew up on top of our car. Then what seemed like took control and pictures of us then vanished

I was about twelve years old. My mother was taking myself and three friends for pie at the local restaurant to celebrate our graduating and going into summer holidays. It was later in the day as it had just turned dark. I was in the back left seat when it happened. We were exiting out of the trailer park when the car just stopped. Our eyes were then drawn to the massively, bright object that seemed to be approaching out of the lake directly in front of us zooming towards us stopping directly above us. As I looked up I started noticing my feelings, my breathing and everyone elses as well. I felt fear and I couldn't breayh on my own. It was as though we were all breathing in sync with this horrifyingly beautiful Object. I'm not fully sure how long this lasted but when it stopped it was as though we could breath on our own again. Because I had the seat nearest the window, I put my head out of the window. Thinking about it then and all these years later I don't know what posessed me to do it. But when I did I was face to face it seemed with the inside of the craft. It was shaped like a small plane with hooked wings ( I've drawn it hundreds of times through my life) it had a glass or see through bottom. My eyes were focused on the buttons, lights and technology. It was like a cockpit of a plane but a thousand times brighter and countless buttons and lights.. As time went by I tryed to explain to my mom how it felt like it took pictures of my eyes because I heard and saw the lights change and heard clicking noises. I have no idea where it went or how..I do know it was gone just like that. The car started and within seconds all four of us kid's were crying and balling hysterically. As my mom drove the car around the lake towards the restaurant I remember looking out the window afraid that it was following. When we got to the restaurant my mom had the task of explaining to everyone inside why she had four young people in hysterics on her hands. Years passed and I watched a movie I think it was "close encounters of the third kind" where the man's truck stopped. I then watched your program and realized it's Not just in my head.
