{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-04-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489817","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69789","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4341,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/817/mufon-5489817.json","updb_database_id":5489817}
{jpg} multiple occurrences of visitation and abduction by multiple entities

When: During the school year, many times throughout the year(s)
Where: Falls Elementary School in Green Valley, Suisun/Fairfield, CA
(Falls Elementary I believe is now closed, but it was near the intersection of Green Valley and Rockville Roads.)

I pieced memories of these events together after many years. I was approximately 7 years old at the time of the occurrences. While attending Falls Elementary School not only myself but many of the other children were affected by these events.

There was a walnut tree grove on the back side of the school. There was no division between the school grounds and the grove. In essence the grove, which was never tended, was on school grounds. Beyond the grove was a stream marking the border of the school.

I used to enjoy playing with the kids around and in the grove, but one day I realized I had great fear of it and never played there again. When in 5th or 6th grade, I believe, I had a vision/dream of kids being kidnapped and taken over the stream to a craft on the other side of it. I don't know if this was a vision of something that was going to happen, was happening, or had happened sometime in the past. But it terrified me. It bothered me enough to try and face my fear and try to make myself venture near the stream so that I could try to figure out what had instigated such a strong vision. I could never quite conquer the fear, nor was I ever able to get an exact explanation as to what had actually happened.

I clearly remember another time, when in 2nd grade, I was playing outback of the classroom (the side with the grove of trees) on the sidewalk, sitting down, and a small alien, humanoid figure (classic big head, big eyes, small stature - a grey?) was in front of me. My recollection is that I didn't perceive him as he truly looked at first, but rather as some friendly person/child. I think I played with this entity numerous times on different days on this side of the school, and this may have been the last time I did. While playing some part of me realized that no one else seemed to see him/it. Mentally I then went through a rationalization process, initially thinking he might be an invisible friend and eventually admitting to myself what he/it really looked like (I don't think I knew what an alien was then) - though I still couldn't explain why no one else could see him/it. 

He/It was talking with me in my head. I don't know if I was speaking verbally or mentally back to it. He aaas trying to teach me. Math I believe. I do know that at the end of the exchange it wanted me to come with it. And when it tried to get me to go with it I told it no. It did something with it's mind trying to make me go, but I refused. And I am extremely strong willed. I was nervous at this point. I got the impression that many kids were being taken (some walking and other not) through/into the grove. I got up, put my shoes back on (I'd taken them off while playing) and went back into the classroom, effectively trying to move myself away from what was going on.

As mentioned above I believe the abduction of kids from my school happened many times; and over many years, not just that year, but from when I was a kindergartener (1973?) through at least 4th grade (1977?).

Additionally I have a fairly firm feeling/recollection that at some point one of the kids was found injured amongst the trees of the grove. What had happened to him/her (or was that multiple kids at multiple times?) was never made clear. I'm believing it was a series of incidences more strongly now as the school right after made the trees off limits to play. I know that this did not stop the visitations though.
