{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502817","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56174","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2597,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/817/mufon-5502817.json","updb_database_id":5502817}
{cak} glowing rectangle beam appeared for 2-3 seconds

I was upstairs in my room and my mom downstairs called for me and said the dog is acting weird come quick. I cam downstairs and the dog was panting really really hard and confused. My mom had said the dog was just laying there unresponsive with her tounge out and she was calling the dogs name but she wasnt doing anything. When she pants that means she has to use the bathroom. Im not sure if this part had any connection at all. She said she never saw the dog like this before and it scared her that she was having some sort of stroke or something.

I took the dog out in my backyard, i am in the middle of the city in cleveland ohio. it was about 1220am midnight. we just cut down a giant tree in our backyard 2 days ago so i have a great view of the sky. everyday i take my dog out i often record or look at the stars. as my dog was sniffing around i looked in the sky and saw a beam of light

for a split second i thought bottle rocket but this was huge and made no noise. it glowed from nothing to glowing up so bright that you could see either fog or the clouds around it. i also thought maybe shooting star but it was going FAST. it was not falling either it shot like a laser beam. i also thought of dragonfly right away by the way it moved, but it went straight it didnt flutter. the back end of it seemed like tiny wings like a dragon fly that was reverse but the wings werent very big. it appeared and glowed like a firework almost and then immediately the glow went out and it dissapeared but was HUGE. it was like a long rectangle similar to the kind in the game tetris except this was just glowing. i could not see any sort of detail like any sort of windows it was just a long glowing perfect long rectangle and it was very fast 2 to 3 seconds it appeared and dissapeared like the speed of light. matter of fact the way a lightning bolt appears and dissapears would be a similar explanation but this was a perfect object and alot faster.
