{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-06-18 15:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285817","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117582","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2777,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/817/mufon-5285817.json","updb_database_id":5285817}
Bright disc, orb and cigar shapes above prairie

The attached photo was taken on Moose Creek road near Wisdom in Montana. Taken in 1993, it was a shot of a long range shooting target taken with a 35 MM Pentax. The photo was to show the larger steel gong target in the center of the photo, to be used on my web site. The printed photo was copied into the web page over 20 years ago. 

I was showing this photo to a friend, enlarging it with my computer when she said "What are those objects, UFO'S? Having never enlarged the photo, I was shocked to see several white and some dark objects in the sky in the photo. At first I thought it was an emulsion flaw, but there are no white orbs or rods in the lower portion of the photo showing land.  

We enlarged the shot as much as possible and noted that the rod shaped object on the left margin area had a shadow on the underside that corresponded with the sun falling on a fence in the foreground. We also saw odd emission like variables on several of the objects. This area is an open prairie used for cattle grazing.  A ranch is in the very distant ground location. When the photo was taken, I did not see objects nor was I looking for them. I think it's important because the photo is in the same area where a Google earth photo taken in 1995 clearly shows a strange, star-like object on the ground with four black rays around it. In that imagery, large circles were also seen nearby in the grasses, as if something had landed several times. Currently, Google earth does not have that history available to see, but (Name removed to Investigators Report Section/cms/LLL) said she did find it and claimed it was morphed. It's in such an obscure area, this seems unlikely. I looked for the ranch on google two years after I was there and the 95 imagery was the earliest available. The photo Itook has held its secret all these years, but the google earth photo should be looked at closer in my opinion. 

However, upon my return from this area in 1995, I had a strange scoop mark on my left shin that wasn't there before I left.
