{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-29 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516846","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41261","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2640,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/846/mufon-5516846.json","updb_database_id":5516846}
Driving on highway, objects appeared very low at dusk in daylight and flew directly overhead.

I had just gotten off of work and was driving home on the Don Valley Parkway south bound in Toronto. Around the Bayview / Bloor st exit I noticed something strange overhead. It was dusk but still fairly bright outside. There were two white orbs / upside down bowl shape objects with white lights underneath them. 

They kind of looked transparent and fuzzy but still very distinct. These objects were very low to the ground and appeared very small in size (between 10-50 ft). The white light underneath the objects did not flicker, pulse, or make any variation. 

Because of the apparent size and how low they seemed it was almost disorienting to discern their height but it was around that of a low helicopter. 

I had my car window open and to make sure I wasn't seeing an odd reflection on my windshield, I stuck my head out of the window to further look at the objects. 

They were not moving fast, almost floating by at a slow speed directly following the path of the Don Valley Parkway going north. I had about 10 seconds of very clear sight in daylight, no clouds. Observed no noise, smell, electronic or time variation. 

One object on (my) right was slightly ahead of the other, but they were flying fairly close to one another.

I spent most of the time looking at the object and not the light to make sure it wasn't any type of recognizable aircraft, or something that I took for mistake. 

This happened on July 29th at roughly 9:15 pm under clear skies. I have seen things in the sky before but this was (to me) extremely close and in daylight. I was shocked by what I had observed but not mentally or physically effected. 

By the time I had thought to take out my camera phone to document this event, I had past under their flight path and could not find them in my rearview mirrors. I called a co-worker who was still at work in the direction they were heading and advised them to look outside - but they failed to see anything.
