{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-04 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491846","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67708","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3103,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/846/mufon-5491846.json","updb_database_id":5491846}
{dr}Dredal looking UFO, white top/green bottom glowing steady. Stationary, then descended

Sitting outside watching fireworks ( July 4th,2015) it was around 10:30ish at address listed. We were looking at the Big Dipper ( was straight over ahead at time.) 

In the back yard I was sitting at, the fireworks already were starting to come to an end. Or less frequent at the time. But the view or patch of sky we were looking at the time was mostly (N or NW bound.)

While observing the sky, I gazed again towards the night sky in a North direction, and I saw this hovering Dredal looking object ( which suddenly appeared must) , if i held something in the air to compare its size it would of been bigger then a grain of rice, but smaller then an aspirin. 

Description was Dredal shaped, it had a 1/3 white top and the 2/3 bottom half and it was green. It was steady glowing. At first i thought it maybe some type of firework, but no explosion, then maybe i thought it was an airplane in the distance flying toward us or away. But again it remained stationary and size remained the same.

I'm ex-military and I'm very familiar in the aviation field, I would say on an expert level. I do have qualifications backing up this claim.

I knew right away now, I was observing a UFO. My brother in law who was watching this with me, and my sister saw it also. He thought it possibly could be a drone. Although, I do not have any experience with drones. Logic still applies, if this a drone I'm seeing, then it was a professional or possibly a military grade small aircraft. 

What I witnessed was zero erratic movement, it was as stationary as a star while it hovered for over a minute, and when it descending. It was a perfectly straight line with out any turbulence ( no sudden dips) , that a small flying craft should experience.

Secondly, it couldn't of been a helicopter, although it moved like one on a y-axis. It was silent and close enough we would of heard it and there was not any strobe or beacon lights, and the descending movement was way to fast and way to low for recovery. If it was a helicopter without a crash. The best word to describe the way it descended was a fluid like. 

My best description of the even it was unnatural, and something I was very unfamiliar with of any type of aviation craft I have seen. Shape/colors/movement/Silence, were all foreign to me. I believe I witnessed some type of remarkably new technology or something other worldly. Either way it was an UFO for sure.
