{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-16 20:54:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482846","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77107","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3817,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/846/mufon-5482846.json","updb_database_id":5482846}
{cak} Strange White Light

Last night I took my dog for a walk at approximately 8:30pm PST. My 7 y.o. daughter decided to tag along at the last minute. The skies were clear, little to no wind and the weather was warm for the evening. It was almost a full moon too. Even though the sun had set, there still was a yellow and orange color on the horizon towards the west; towards the east the sky was black and dark blue. 

As we started walking south, I spotted a small star-like white object heading in the same direction. I could only view the object with my binoculars. I attempted to capture and record it on my Samsung Galaxy Note 5 but due to the moon light and light pollution I was unable to do so. Eventually I lost sight of it. My daughter did not see it either.

After this my daughter decided we should walk the dog around our neighborhood starting at the cul-de-sac towards the north end of our street. We walked over there and I was admiring the very last minutes of a beautiful sunset. The view here was less obstructed so I had a better view of the horizon to the west.

Shortly thereafter, I noticed a white intense light moving from west to east. The light was heading straight for us. At first I thought it was an airplane but as it got closer, I still could not see any navigation lights. There was no sound coming from it as well. I started using my binoculars but all I could see was the white light.

Once the object reached about 70 degrees above the horizon, I noticed what I thought to be the outline of a black triangle. The white light was coming from underneath it and the light appeared to be in the center. At this time I started to video record the object with my cell phone. Almost at this exact same moment, my wife began calling me multiple times (western ringtone music in the video). I kept having to reject her calls to keep recording. My dog become agitated and my daughter was becoming worried too. This is the reason why the video is so shaky; I was dealing with all the above at the same time. In addition, we never heard any noise from the object, it was completely silent.

You could not see the outline of the black triangle with naked eye and the camera on the phone did not capture too. I was only able to observe it using the binoculars. I recorded the object as it flew directly overhead and as it started passing the moon. I had to stop at this point because the leash for my dog was wrapped around my legs and my daughter was upset. 

I lost visual contact with the object as it headed in a south east direction. The light began to flicker similar to a broken fluorescent bulb before it went completely dark.

I then walked home which is approximately 100-200 yards. Once I got home, I learned my wife had spotted the object from our backyard. She was attempting to call me to see if I saw the object too. Thankfully, she recorded the object from her position. Attached are the videos from our cellphones, both Samsung Galaxy Note 5 models.
