{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-11-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492846","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66678","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2585,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/846/mufon-5492846.json","updb_database_id":5492846}
{dr}A blinding white light and multiple sightings of an alien entity

I was thirteen years old at the time. My mom, sister and I had just gotten home from a late movie. The time was almost one o'clock in the morning. We lived in an apartment in a large secluded area with lots of horses and dogs. As we were pulling into the property there was a flash of blinding white light. So bright we could see nothing else. It only lasted a couple of seconds then stopped. We all looked at eachother and said that was really weird. Thinking nothing more we then went inside where I grabbed a can of dog food to feed our dog kennelled outside. As I was walking down the dirt road I could hear the dogs barking like they wanted to get out and get something. As I approached the kennels I saw a figure run across across the road. It made me jump so bad I dropped the can of dog food. As IT ran into the trees I could see it wasn't an animal or a human. It about four feet tall with smokey blue skin. Everything happened so fast I couldn't make heads or tails of what just happened. I was so scared by it that I ran and threw the dog food in the kennel, with the dogs still freaking out and barking, and ran all the way back up the road home. I told my mom who was surprised by what I had just told her, she said it was weird that we had just seen the bright flash too. Not knowing what to think or do we just locked the door and watched tv. 
Two weeks later my mom, sister and I were walking our dog just after nine o'clock. It was dark and suddenly our dog bolts for something in the distance out of sight. She was on a leash so she couldn't get far. Once again we saw the same blueish human like thing running out of sight again. We were shocked and rushed home. About two weeks after those encounters we were coming home from another late movie. As we drove into the property we saw the same flash of blinding light and again it only lasted a couple of seconds. After that we haven't had another encounter.
