{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-22 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459846","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101609","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2914,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/846/mufon-5459846.json","updb_database_id":5459846}
{tjd} 2 Tumbling & Silent Objects

I had just finished yardwork and joined my wife on our deck, where we lounged on a couch.

While resting I was looking up into the sky and commenting on how amazing it was that we (humans) were floating through space on this "chunk of rock". I asked my wife if she ever took time to just stare at the sky and wonder if we're alone. She advised she had never done that and I expressed how I do it all the time.

Within less than a minute both my wife and I see - at roughly the same time - an object beneath the cloud deck, traveling at constant speed from North to South. It appeared to be highly reflective, with a silvery skin, but the reflections behaved differently than those coming off of other aircraft we witnessed in the sky at that time. The reflections on this object were inconsistent and gave the appearance the object was tumbling through the sky.

The way the object was seemingly tumbling and moving in the same direction as the clouds lead me at first to consider it was a silvery balloon (maybe like a large letter) which was being buffeted by the wind. But we noticed the object never departed from its straight flight path and never had any change of speed. It just moved steadily across the sky, from our right to our left, shimmering all the way.

The object was 100% silent. We heard every jet above the cloud deck and every propeller plane. This was the only object we didn't hear a sound from.

We tracked the object across the sky for roughly one minute. The reflections seemed to get brighter the lower into the horizon the object traveled.

Shortly after spotting the object we sighted another, traveling at seemingly the same speed and in the same direction. All the same attributes.

My wife, skeptical of the existence of UFOs, definitely had her interest peaked by seeing these objects. She stood on our deck furniture and tracked them as far into the horizon as she could. She commented on how ironic it was that just a few seconds after I commented about how I wondered if we were alone in the Universe we saw these objects (as if they had tuned into my consciousness and wished to make an appearance).

We never thought to take photos, as we were both mesmerized by what we watched and were fixated on trying to offer an explanations.
