{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-02-16 20:37:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451846","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109797","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4578,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/846/mufon-5451846.json","updb_database_id":5451846}
Late cold night. Went outside to smoke a cigarette with my friend when we noticed a strange light out over some tree tops hovering.

Okay. I’ve been sitting on this for over three years now. It was a late cold February night (around 35°F or so). And a day before my birthday oddly. It was a Thursday to be precise. It was a beautiful clear night sky. Little to no clouds, no wind or rain. I was just hanging out with my good friend when we decided to go out in the driveway and smoke a cigarette, look at the stars. It was something we did quite often. Beings it was winter all the mass amounts of trees were barren so you were able to see fairly well out into the woods, which is what we’re surrounded by out here. As we were talking we noticed an odd orb-like light out in the woods so we turned our attention toward it. We could see it very bright through all the trees in my driveway and through the woods across the street given the advantage of it being winter. It was a nice quiet night. We had deducted the possibility of it being a helicopter or airplane. There is an airport about five miles away from here. But given the fact that it was hovering and we heard no sound that I can recall it was definitely neither an airplane or helicopter. Especially how close it appeared to be the ground, like maybe 200-400 feet or less up. But, beings it was nighttime it was difficult to discern the actual size or distance of the object. It could’ve very well been only 0.5-1mile away. To us it definitely appeared like it was just barely above the trees. And from what I can remember unless my memory fails me, it was almost like a long vertical diamond-esque shape that was spinning in place with multiple colors pulsating off of it. Just hovering, occasionally moving around in a slow unexcited fashion. We probably watched it for around 30-40 minutes but my friend still insists we watched it for a little longer than that. I have looked on google maps to get an aerial view of the lay of the land where it likely was around and there’s not really anything over that way. Just trees and a cleared out dirt lot across the street where a trailer used to be when I first moved here. I don’t feel like it was a drone either, given it was a work night, the amount of time it was in the air and the shape I still believe I observed at that time. Also when a drone is flown at night, it doesn’t look like a pulsating diamond shape with a bunch of colors pulsating off of it. We would’ve been able to see the lights on it’s legs at the very least (it didn’t look small enough to be a drone either) Plus, you just don’t see people flying drones around here. Especially in such cold weather at nighttime in an area where it’s mostly woods. I’ve lived here around 6 years and not once have I seen a drone being flown around where I live neither during the day nor night. I am unsure if the object was aware that we were observing it. It really didn’t do all that much, we were expecting it to zip away at any moment. Several minutes after we first saw it, I decided to pull out my phone and capture a video of it. Unfortunately given all the trees in the way and it being nighttime I was only able to pick up so much and my hands were occasionally shaky (and voice) due to the cold temperature. It just kept hovering. Eventually it disappeared behind a bunch of treetops until we no longer saw it. We stayed for a few more minutes but it was just gone. No idea if it was descending to land or not. We couldn’t take the cold anymore so we went inside and that was it. This isn’t the first odd thing in the sky I’ve observed in Ball Ground but I’d definitely say it’s the first UAP that’s been that close to me while observing it. We just wanna know what it is we were watching for at least half an hour. It still makes no sense.
