{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-10-11 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291846","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111484","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7161,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/846/mufon-5291846.json","updb_database_id":5291846}
slow moving pulsating triangle of colored lights on a rotating ring around center spere

[ Item Moved to F I Report (tjd) ]

 In the summer of 1973 I was 12 or 13 years old(my birthday is in july) i was watching TV(the six million dollar man) it was a new TV show and the only thing my stepfather watched.(until A-Team came out)
 My mother asked me to take out the paper trash to burn, we lived on a dead end street beside a very large swamp area and we separated our paper to burn. We had a large mowed field next to our house before the swampy area started, we always burned our paper trash at the edge of it before where the ground got too wet.
 I reluctantly pulled myself away from the TV and ran out the back door grabbing the large paper grocery bag full of paper trash and a pack of paper matches. I ran to the edge of the field dropped the bag and flicked a few lit matches into it,waiting only a half second to make sure one lit the paper inside and ran back into the house to return to the TV show. As i ran in my mother was still standing on the back porch holding open the screen door with her back, once i was in the kitchen but not yet to the living-room, and TV, my mother said "greg,what IS that?"..twice..I turned around and she was still standing on the back porch , I walked to where she was and she was gazing off into the night sky,it was just after nightfall, maybe 6 p.m. I looked to where she was looking and saw some flashing light in the distance and said "oh thats just a..."
 Thats as far as i got, I realized it was not a plane..it was too low, and wobbling and the wrong colors and too slow..
 I stared a moment before walking down onto the driveway to escape the light coming from the doorway and see it better,and also to move toward it a bit..it was not a plane,too slow,too low,a helicopter,no sound, not a blimp, too fast.
 I realized rather quickly it did not fit any category of flying things I knew. I stared at it intently and it was green and red and blue and some whitish light..and they were pulsing not flashing, and it seemed to wobble forward,kind of jerky looking, like 2 steps forward one step back..but it was headed our way now,and as it got closer I felt an overwhelming sense of awe and wonder come over me and inside I knew this was unidentified, and flying..my heart was beating but I felt calm and excited.
Hoping it was true but thinking any minute it would reveal itself to be a helicopter or something mundane.
It didn't, it came directly to me and this huge craft silently floated above me and my yard and my house and was now so low I felt sure it intended on landing in the field next to me.I was now looking straight up at this thing and it seemed to be reflecting night sky on its underside as if cloaking and i could see thru it in the space between the ring and the center sphere as it rotated, I was thinking love and peace and I want to meet you, and let me see inside your ship..and it seemed to be in agreement as it approached, it looked like a sphere,or flattened sphere, with a circle rotating around it with a red green and blue light mounted on the rotating outer ring,in a triangle,the ring did not appear to be attached to the center sphere or loosely attached and it was quite a bit larger than the center sphere giving it room to move inside the outer ring , the ring went around the sphere in elliptical loops as it moved the center sphere kind of "slid" into the open "ellipse space" created by the rings rotation-kind of like if you were using a hoola-hoop while walking..and the hoola-hoop had 3 lights on it making a triangle, as you walked you would step when the hoola-hoop was pressed at your back, INTO the space in front of you created as the "hoop" rotated around you. that was how this thing moved, it reminded me of a mazda rotary engine-(at the time MAZDA had a commercial on TV showing how other cars go bang bang bang but the mazda goes HMmm..) was HUGE,I squinted to look for windows in the center sphere, I think I saw some ports but they were small and with all the glare and lights and it being night I could not be sure, but I did feel watched.
More than that I felt "telepathy-ed at" or heard.. or understood, or something.
 It was going to land,I just knew it. I realized it was so close I could hit it with a rock!.. or my BB gun..or the 22 rifle behind our back door!..and call the news and be famous!..and the very next rotation of that glorious ring rotated with a lean to the east, taking the ufo away from me...it had changed directions..they heard my thoughts!
I ran in the house and the gun was not behind the door. I ran back out and it was really leaving..it slowly did its rotate slide rotate slide to the east, away from me and my chance to ..do something.
 It slowly went east and back over I-65 again, a half mile north of where I first saw it, and disappeared into the distance. I was never the same after that.
 After all these years I have come to some conclusions. It was held aloft the same way a magnet is when held over another magnet with matching poles facing each other- I could "feel it"..it was not anti-gravity,it was suspended inside the earths magnetic field somehow, it was manipulating the magnetic fields around itself,silent,smooth, efficient . .it had lights even tho it seemed to try to broadcast the night sky on its' underside., why cloak itself and have bright pulsing lights?,,why would aliens need or care to follow FAA rules or any earth laws..why have lights at all if you want to sneak?
 It did not want some normal plane or something to crash into IT..thats the only thing that makes sense, or it was just taken for granted when building it that of course anything flying, at night especially, needs lights..right? ..by humans this logic holds.
I was amazed at the technology of that thing, hundreds of years ahead of mankind if not more!..but i think the lights were man-made,and the more i think about it the more i think it was a ufo for sure, but not from space.
 Maybe the original idea or some tech in it was from space, but we were the ones who had it now. We were the ones "hundreds of years ahead of man kind"... now after seeing the tic tacs with the pacific fleet ..my old 1973 ufo seems like an old fashioned clunky version, almost a laughable funny flying machine.
