{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-01-08 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549104","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"6142","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3542,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/104/mufon-5549104.json","updb_database_id":5549104}
Multiple craft or formations of faint, slient craft flying overhead.

Myself and a friend were in my backyard getting ready to throw some darts in our shed, when I decided to search for satellites in the night sky. Being from the Mojave desert, I've always been a sky watcher, and I take advantage of the few clear skies that we have in Oakland. After a couple of minutes looking up, I saw what I first thought was a white owl, or a flock of birds, but it turned out to be a triangular set of lights overhead travelling North at a high rate of speed. There were six lights in a delta pattern, and I'm still not sure if it was one craft, or a formation of smaller craft. They appeared to be the size of a 747 flying at approximately 4000ft. My friend failed to see them, as they were faint, and difficult to spot. No noise accompanied the sighting. I should also mention that there were absolutely no jets travelling overhead at the time (which is unusual for an area with three major airports). The lights disappeared over the horizon within seconds. Now my eyes are glued to the sky, and within five minutes, another craft or formation flew overhead in the same direction, at the same speed. This time it appeared to be in the shape of a chevron. There were six faint, white lights. My friend unfortunately missed this one as well, but instantly after it faded into the mist and city lights, another set of lights followed it. This last craft (or set of craft) was odd shaped. There were approximately seven faint lights that started as a triangle on the right, but with a couple of lights sticking out to the left. I have a feeling that this was a formation of individual craft. We both saw this odd sighting, and my friend described it as "A set of bowling pins" moving through the sky. The following night we decided to take a look to see if any more appeared overhead. It was 7:00 and after a half hour, we spot another formation, this time moving NNW. It started out as a V shape, but by the time that it was overhead, the lights changed position with respect to one another. I don't know if it was one object that was pivoting as it was flying, or if these multiple craft were able to change position within close proximity of one another, while moving at an incredibly fast speed. The strange thing about this sighting, was that there was plenty of air traffic at the time. A Boeing 737 and a 767 flew over within seconds of this "thing" passing overhead. I don't know how they wouldn't have been able to see it. What we saw was not a flock of birds, a conventional aircraft, or any other object commonly known to man. They were large, very fast moving, and were silent as can be. Their lights were defined, and were round and white/cream colored. The craft were able to move from horizon to horizon in about 8 seconds. If I had not been focused on the sky in an attempt to see satellites, I would never have spotted them. Thanks for your time.
