{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-07-14 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484104","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75739","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4606,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/104/mufon-5484104.json","updb_database_id":5484104}
{cak} An event that put the fear of Grays into me

These events happened when I was 14 years old, and it included myself and my cousin. The day wasn't anything out of the ordinary. During the summertime Minnesota can get pretty hot, and we were in the middle of a hot summer that year. All through the day of wandering through the local parks, swimming in the local lake, and then hanging out at my cousin's house at night we didn't experience anything out of the ordinary. At that age we would always attempt to stay awake as long as we could and squeeze what time we could get out of the summer.

When we finally decided that we were going to go to bed, we both found ourselves uncomfortably hot. Wandering down stairs, we looked around the kitchen trying to get something to make us cold again. Fans, cold water douses, or soaked towels. We couldn't get cool. We weren't to the point of sickness about it, we just couldn't take the sticky heat. And so we decided to fill a couple spray bottles normally used for fending off cats from plants, and use them to mist our faces.

We both ended up in the living room connected to the kitchen. All the lights were off and we both were laying on the floor. Talking, laughing, complaining about how hot it was. The living room had a wall of three windows all facing a slight rise in the ground that led upwards towards the next property. This "divider" also had many trees planted giving it the look like a wooded area. Of course the length from just outside the window to the lawn of the next person up the hill was probably around 50-60ft. The windows were probably around 3-4ft off the ground from their base. And the window that was important, was the middle window.

My cousin and I talked for quite a while, trying to pass the time until exhaustion would overtake our annoyance about the heat. Very suddenly my cousin stopped talking and in the midst of misting my face, I called for him by name. When I didn't receive a response, I looked over at him. Previously he had been laying flat on his back on the floor, spraying his face every now and again. Now when I looked over at him, he was slightly propped up on his arms and staring intently at the middle window. A few more times I called his name, each time becoming a little bit more worried about what was going on. Of course then I decided to see what he was looking at. When I looked over towards the middle window, I saw what he was looking at. No limbs, no body, just the head of a creature just poking above the bottom of the window. Shape of it's head was like an upside down tear-drop, the same head that has been reported by so many people. Two very slightly slanted black eyes, and not very many other discernible facial features. There was a direct connection, from the creature's posture I could tell that this thing and my cousin were locked onto each other. I watched in horror for around 20 seconds before this thing turned to looked at me. I would say we only locked gazes for about five seconds before this thing disappeared. But it didn't just "vanish", I could see it had moved to it's left and to my right at an unbelievable speed.

I can remember so vividly that day. I can remember getting a pizza from a certain local gas station and enjoying it with my cousin, Uncle, and Aunt. I remember how it progressed into that night, playing video games until we tried to sleep. I remember how hot it was, how heavy the air felt. I can remember laughing about our predicament together while laying in that living room. I don't know if I missed time, or if it was the heat, but I dont remember what happened after seeing that thing. The next day, we were sleeping up in his room on the top floor of the house. We both remembered seeing that thing, still to this day we could tell the story identically. But neither of us remember how we got back to bed that day. It was the first and only time I have seen one of these things, but it is not the first time that I have suspected something.
