{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-04-15 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468104","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92509","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4704,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/104/mufon-5468104.json","updb_database_id":5468104}
{jpg} Saw Entity, hid behind tree and watched it. So scared I called the Airforce to report it and anyone that would listen.

Walking my dog late at night, I heard a grunting and gasping noise behind a patio wall that was not that high. 

I thought it may be an older person "choking" as it first sounded like someone was in trouble. As I listened more closely, I thought ( sorry to be rude) but I thought is someone having sex with husband / wife? But I saw a shadow of an agitated figure. 

So I doubled back and brought my dog and myself to a position to look around the wall to see if someone was ill or choking, in trouble. 

I saw a large human like figure, but they were pure black. They had red eyes, full outline of a human but no facial features! It was grunting and making sounds.

It had picked up a dog carried, yes bizarre, and it was sniffing it or what seemed like sucking on it! Yes, I didn't know what was going on either. 

What was it doing? As soon as my mind realized I was questioning this? I also in horror realized I was looking at something not of this earth. Not only could I see it? But I could hear it's sounds. It seemed agitated and it was exploring. 

I felt a cold shock go through me when I was relaxed moments earlier. 

I felt terror watching this thing. I grabbed my dog and started to quielt rush away from it. 

But something in me said, hold on a second, make sure you know what you just saw. 

I got to a tree and I jumped behind it with some bushes in front. I hid behind it with my dog and decided to really look. I wanted to make sure my mind was not playing tricks on me although I already had that image burned in my head. 

So, the dog and I sat behind some trees and bushes and I forced myself to watch "it" to make sure I really was seeing this. 

I sat there, crouched down and watch one of the most terrfiying things I have ever seen. At the same time? I was mesmerized by watching it. 

Solid human like being, arms, legs, pure black. Red eyes, face with no features. It was doing something with its mouth right? But it did not have a mouth. It was sniffing and trying to suck up energy or doing something without the features. 

After a few minutes, even close to it? It was giving off something and I knew I had to run quick. As I got up? I pretended I had never seen it and I "felt" it's eyes in my back. 

I didn't dare turn around, I rushed away and got safely in my home. 

I was shaking in fear. I called the Air Force to report an "Enitity or Alien Being". 

I called my family, my friends, anyone that would listen. I was so impacted by this thing. 

I finally had one researcher call me back in my panicked state and he said as soon as I began to describe "..was it x, y., z..." HE KNEW! Before I even finished what I was saying. 

Such a relief. He was familiar with these things. 

I told the Air Force, "Listen, I know this is going to sound insane,or you might think I am insane ok? I understand that! BUT! There is a being, I saw it and I hid and watched it! If you guys are monitoring anything we are not supposed to know about? Well, one of them is over here!...."

The thing is right? The Airforce said " Hold On.." They put me through to this other person. 

They said " Are you ok? " I said " Yes, but terrified!" . This other guy on the phone said " Listen. do not go back past there, do not acknowledge it, IT is not there for you, do not interact or even do anything to let it know you saw it..." ?!?!?!

So, I have been afraid for a long time and shook up. 

This is not fiction, I swear to you guys, I know what I saw. I told EVERYONE I knew, 

Everybody. What was it? To me it was an alien or a demon. 

I did not sense that this was friendly. Thank you for listening, reading. 

I think there is much we all don't know about the universe at large. 

Hardest thing is? When this happens? What do you do? I know what I saw and heard. 

Anyone else seen the large black figures picking up objects and doing things? It will put fear into you, trust me on that.
