{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-11-15 20:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496104","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63308","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2998,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/104/mufon-5496104.json","updb_database_id":5496104}
{nd} My family saw it floating over the trees at night. My mom was closest to it.

My mom would go outside to hang up clothes since we had no dier to dry them and even if it was cold we would hang them outside.

I recall the show the Bold one's was on. That show would rotate to different parts of the show. I can't think of the word for it. One would be doctor, one lawyer and maybe one would be police show. It was very dark outside. My mom was out by the line taking care of the clothes that were hanging on the line. The line was near Craig road which had woods & trees across it and on the other side of that was a golf course.

I was in the mobile home with my sister and brother. I looked out the door towards my mom and saw the round bright orb floating over the trees. It was not very high over the trees. It moved slowly from south to northerly direction. Rt 86 towards the county home. Rt 198. It did not move fast but at a steady speed. It was very bright. 

It scared the hell out of me. I followed it and was so scared I locked the trailer door. My mom was inside by then and told me that would not stop them from taking me if they wanted me. It looked like videos that I see on line. Round glowing orb. I know this is nothing to go on but I do consider it as probe of some kind checking out the area. It was not swamp gas or anything. It was very cold outside.

I know it is not a lot to go on. Later my mom forced me to take the trash out and I was scared as hell but since one did not tell my mom no I did it.

My brother and sister still say they remember seeing it now. 

I wanted to report it because I heard other reports of about that time in near by areas where people have seen the same thing. I am sorry I can't remember the exact year. Just about the time of year and what show was on tv.

Note:

I have seen strange things in the sky since I was about 1964 old. 

I have heard the strange booms recently and about 10 years ago I heard strange machine over my house twice and it was not a plane or copter. Neighbor heard it as well as I did. I did not want to look for I felt I knew it was a UFO and since I saw the one above I kind of rather not go looking for one. If I heard it again I would look. I just heard the sound being described by someone else on Coast to Coast AM show.

So I decided even though this can't help much I wanted to report it anyhow.
