{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-01 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493763","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65741","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4093,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/763/mufon-5493763.json","updb_database_id":5493763}
{rjl} Multiple crafts in low sky one shot out a

I was at home with my Girlfriend. We were watching movies and playing scrabble. We smoke cigarettes and do that outside of our home. We both love the sky and all its glory, so instantly when stepping out for a smoke on our front porch we start to look up. With in ten seconds she spots something through the tree that is kinda flickering and moving so she walks out to the drive to get a better view. She calls me over to observe and what we think we are looking at is a small group of lights all moving insync with one another. This is Directly east and after a minute or two we look around a little more and we see there are 15 or more of these light groups placed throughout the sky. The closest one to us being northeast of us. It's so close that I can see the light that we thought were together but separate were all coming from a larger object. I could see its shape, I could see windows, I could see some kind of opening with a light light shining out when it did open. I could see something or maye a few things moving in said windows. We watched this thing for maybe an hour or so and then it all of a sudden shot out what looked to be a green missle that had end trails color matched coming off of it. It then with a small flash turned into the same craft that had shot it out. I was totally stunned and honestly while what we thought were a missle soaring through the sky, I grabbed my girlfriend and kinda held her right. We both thought something very bad was going to happen but there was no explosion, nothing like that. It just seriously turned into another craft. After watching this for another 15-45 minutes I'm not really sure, out of nowhere there was a bright light shooting down from the sky, I didn't see it come directly from this craft or another bit it definitely came from the area of the one we were observing for over an hour. It made its way through our big willow tree like it wasnt even there zipping through the branches with crazy ease. It was the size of a golf ball and the brightest white light I have ever seen. It came right up to my face, an inch or two away, zipped straight over to my girlfriends face who was a foot or two away from me. After spending about one or two seconds in my face and then hers, it shot straight back up into the air. Neither of us could watch it leave us because we both felt worn out, not quite there, kinda just dull and almost unable to move. When I was able to "come to" I so surprised with what had happened asked her if that just happened. She looked as though she was about to cry. I still had to ask her what she had just witnessed like for some reason it wouldn't be the same as what I just experienced and she told me exactly what I had seen. The crafts stayed in the sky all through the night as we stayed out in our front yard still observing until the sun started to ride and the objects just seemed to fade away with the coming morning. We both will never forget this for the rest of our lives. We both have been sketchy about telling this encounter to anyone but we both can relive it like it was yesterday, not 4 years ago. As we both sit here on the couch, we started talking about it as the dozens of other times we have since that night. We decide to come forward and share this. We both have also seen things in the day and night sky we can't explain but this was huge. It was without a doubt the strangest thing I thought I would ever encounter that or any night.
