{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1984-05-15 10:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503763","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55156","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2583,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/763/mufon-5503763.json","updb_database_id":5503763}
Stationary coppery oval next to the sun. Witnessed by half a dozen scholars.

I was two to four years old and a friend approached me and others during the morning break at kindergarten (I can recall some of the names but the contact is lost). Our friend pointed us to the sky where a coppery oval was stationary very close to the sun. The object was at a distance from the sun that not permitted continuous surveillance but enough to allow a definite observation of the object. The object reflected the sunlight as a metallic object would in its position. The surface and thence the reflection was very shiny (see the report form for the rest of the description). 
We discussed if it was a plane as we kids, were told about and had seen planes and helicopters. These were the only objects I knew that could fly. 
I do not recall exactly the conversation and my fellows points on it but finally someone proposed to report the event to our teacher because we couldn't reach any conclusion. We all agreed. In the meanwhile we were checking the object in order to ensure what we saw and to try to get some clue of what it was. I personally discarded it was a plane because it was stationary it was different from the planes we had seen in other occasions from the yard. From our point of view the planes moved very slowly while this object wasn't. Moreover, the object seemed to be closer and bigger at sight than planes.
Firstly I felt confused because I was noticing something I wasn't told about before. Then I felt willing to know what it was. I also acknowledged I would ask my parents about it. I also felt confident because the majority of us agreed it was different from any known flying object we were told about. 
This conversation took some minutes, from three to eight logiacally and as I recall. Subsequently we went for the teacher. Unfortunately during our seek nobody was checking if the object was still there and when we finally reported the event we all realized that it was gone.
