{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-28 17:58:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523763","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32165","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2477,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/763/mufon-5523763.json","updb_database_id":5523763}
White object returned 3rd time in a row - different location

Same bright white light round and glowing appeared in the sky directly overhead and slowly moved off to the eastern sky. I watched it for about 40 minutes. It remained in the sky just slightly to the south and east of my view without moving or being blown about. Light clouds passed beneath it several times and I could see it with binoculars most of the time expect when the cloud cover was too thick. But it never changed position. With binoculars it appeared to glow very bright white and had some sort of dark spot in the center. It also appeared to have some sort of line or tether. Not sure what weather balloons look like or if they are capable of staying stationary in the atmosphere, but this definitely had something attached to it but it seemed under control, not just flapping about the object. After 40 minutes, the object suddenly began to disintegrate and fall apart, with the larger pieces remaining very bright white and moving off slowly; there was a small area of very small particles, almost dust like, in the spot where the light had been and the larger pieces slowly fell away. But within a few minutes all of the pieces and the dust like particles suddenly vanished, no trace whatsoever. If this is some kind of remote meteorlogical experiment, it surely is a very strange one. And it still doesn't explain the similar sighting from 9/26/2011 when another craft or object of multiple colors was headed for the white light and then ejected two smaller objects before disappearing into the clouds. What on earth is going on? Is there a logical explanation for this? There is a very good chance this thing will be out there again tomorrow evening around early dusk...it is NOT a star or a planet. It is not celestial in nature. It is an intelligently controlled object, but controlled by who or what, is the mystery.
