{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-28 05:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499763","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59368","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2564,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/763/mufon-5499763.json","updb_database_id":5499763}
{jd} Neon green glowing circle that faded. Came back within a minute and faded again

My alarm went off at 5:00 a.m. I put on some clothes because the dogs had to go to the bathroom. I turned on the deck lights and the spots and brought them down to the landing, opened the gate door, and they went down the rest of the way to go to the bathroom. I a always looking up into the night sky and when I looked up I saw a neon green circle. It was a little fuzzy so I reached for my glasses thinking they must be on the top of my head, but I had them on. I reached for my phone to get a picture but by the time the camera came up, the circle had faded. 3 out of the 4 dogs came back within a couple of minutes. The 4th one who is a wanderer I could hear barking but it sounded like she was on the other side of the woods. She never goes into the woods in the dark. I just happened to look up again and the neon green light was back. I got my phone again and took a couple of pictures, but I couldn't see the green light on my camera screen. I took a couple of pictures where I thought the light was but they didn't come out...just black. My camera needs to focus on something before it takes a picture and I thought it weird that it took a picture of something not on the screen. The light faded again. The photos are just black. I kept calling and calling the dog, and about 2 minutes later she came flying back, she ran around the house and started barking on the other side of the house. I finally had to go get the dog because she wouldn't come to me. I never saw what she was barking at.

I went back in the house and fed the dogs and got ready for work. When I left at 6:00 a.m., I let the dogs out onto the deck because a friend was going to come over and take them for a walk this morning. All of the dogs immediately ran around the deck to the other side of the house and started barking...but I couldn't see what they were barking at. I left and went to work.
