{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-28 07:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498763","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60406","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2266,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/763/mufon-5498763.json","updb_database_id":5498763}
thought is was a plane exhaust until it disapeared with 5 seconds

September 28th 2014. My Father and I were on our way to Cape Breton, in Nova Scotia, Canada driving the highway between Antigonish and the Canso Causeway. It was approximately 7:15am with not a cloud in the sky. I observed what at first looked like a airplane about 10 degrees above the horizon. I could not see a plane however there were what looked to be engine exhaust in a small (V) shape in the sky. at first it looked like a distant plane flying toward us or south bound. after a minute or 2 of watching it stay stationary in the sky I soon realized it was not a plane. I grabbed the binoculars from the back seat of the truck and proceeded to look at it. I looked for about 10 seconds through the binoculars when all of the sudden with in 5 seconds it faded away to absolutely nothing (no trace). I never did see anything that looked like a plane only what looked to be short exhaust trails from a plane. After it quickly disappeared we were stunned and continue to look for it in the sky. About 20 seconds after it disappeared from sight, what looked to be a star suddenly appeared very close to where it had originally disappeared the star like light zipped across the sky from the north to the south east and only lasted about 10 seconds until it once again faded from sight. 

I thought the star like thing that we saw may have been a satellite zipping across the morning sky but this would not explain the stationary (V) shaped exhaust trail we observed a minute earlier that quickly disappeared within 5 seconds.

Has there been any other reports like this one from this area?
