{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-28 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528763","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26798","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4744,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/763/mufon-5528763.json","updb_database_id":5528763}
The following report (detailed description, below) is exactly as submitted to me by a personal friend of mine who wishes to remain anonymous.

"I am not filing this as a UFO report since I am a rocket scientist with extensive knowledge and experience of foreign and US spacecraft and aircraft of all descriptions. It is my professional opinion as a past DoD employee that this was not an aircraft or spacecraft from this planet, Area 51, or any other secret base. It is not an 1unkown1 but clearly an ET craft to anybody with a brain. The encounter started around 910 to 930 PM on 28NOV2010 and I hastily departed the area at 9:43 PM. *(Name deleted--CMS/sg) and I had stopped at the railroad crossing between CA HY 70 and CA HY 20 Eastbound on Woodruff Lane. It was a dark night with no lights and a clear starry sky. I stopped to see if any of my friends would show themselves and to look at the stars. The Pleiades was almost directly overhead. To the West *(Name deleted--CMS/sg) noticed a 1flasher1 between Jupiter (very bright) and another star to the south of it, I think this was all at about 45 degree elevation. She saw the flasher about 5-10 minutes after we stopped, I located it within 5 minutes later as it was flashing perhaps more than a minute between flashes. It was stationary. I continued to observe it throughout the encounter. A train was approaching in the distance, we were on a rise and it took maybe 10-15 minutes for the train to reach us. The flasher increased its rate of flashing until when I left it was flashing every 3 seconds. Most of the flashes were dim but maybe every 8th or 10th flash was brighter than any stars and an adjoining flash was fairly bright also. The spacecraft started to move slightly just before the train lights became visible to the south. It moved in an arc that was easterly at first and then turned northerly towards me. It was almost directly overhead when I departed. I noted that although the craft appeared friendly to me, I became dizzy and they were attempting to immobilize me. I walked with difficulty around my car, backed up, and departed quickly, as I do not allow myself to be abducted if I can avoid it. I continued to be dizzy and disoriented even when I arrived home, but I called in my protection from Lord Ashtar and others. I believe they were friendly but not in the least concerned about any agreement from me to allow them to interfere, they were apparently concerned that I was quite aware of them and wanted to know who I was. I have a faculty to go back in time and will do so and investigate them further once I feel it is safe to do so. On the way home I made myself invisible and deflected their attention to the pickup truck far behind me. Most ETs have difficulty separating out individuals so they were able to follow me home but were somewhat confused about my location and identity. I was still somewhat dizzy and disoriented after arriving home, meaning that they were still trying to interfere or investigate me. I will wait until I am pretty sure they wont return before investigating their identity further. I note that they showed themselves by flashing and that encounters are interactive, UFOs do not show themselves to everyone, so they apparently initiated this encounter, and I had stopped to observe any spacecraft that might choose to show themselves. I talked to them and had asked for whoever was up there to show themselves, and I am very telepathic for a human. There was no moon, no clouds, and perfect visibility in all directions. The flasher was brighter than Jupiter at a bright flash and difficult to locate when it flashed dimly. I note that flashers are common, if they do not move they are not aircraft or spacecraft (satellites or secret rocket craft). Helicopters can remain stationary but normally not for long periods and do not vary in intensity nor do they operate at high altitudes, and they have other colored running lights, not just a white flashing light, and it is not several minutes between flashes. The object appeared to be at high altitude, probably orbital altitudes but there is no reference to determine altitude."
