{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-07-15 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526731","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28939","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2708,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/731/mufon-5526731.json","updb_database_id":5526731}
I seen a UFO up close

I used to live in Maryland from 1964 to 1977. I guess it was about 1969 to maybe 1972--I don't remember the exact year when we saw a UFO. It was in the summer; I had been fishing with my brother-in-law "Bo" (who is now deceased) It was in the evening as we were on our way home on Dairy Road near the town of Rising Sun. I lived on Dairy Road and was only a couple of minutes from home when I spotted the UFO. As we were going down the road there was a field on my left and across the field there were two hills separated by a valley, as we were moving something caught my eye coming from the valley between the hills. I turned my head to the left and seen the front of the UFO moving about 3 feet off the ground and going about 1 mile per hour (just moving slow) I told Bo 'Look at That". I stopped in the road, and we watched it move really slow completely out into full view. As we were setting there watching it move, suddenly it stopped and was about 3 feet off the ground. I guess the size of it about 50 feet across and about 20 ft. high. It was big. It made NO sound, and the color was a dirty silver. When it stopped, I got the feeling that it didn't want to be seen. When it stopped it sat there about 3 seconds and then moved straight up about 20 feet and stopped again. That’s when I thought we may be in big trouble but at that moment when it stopped it was like a rocked blasting off, fire came from beneath it about 5-foot circle and still made nO sound. After it took off, we only seen it for about 300 feet and it disappeared and was gone. The distance from us was within 200 yards so we got a really good view of it. There were no windows that I could see or any markings. I would say the whole thing from start to finish took about 90 seconds. The thing that we were not able to figure out was it was evening when we saw the UFO and only lived a couple of minutes down the road but didn't get home till after dark. Plus, we never thought to tell anyone about it. We just forgot about it. It was a strange experience. I have seen many other UFO's but that one was up close.
