{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-11 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522731","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33291","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4047,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/731/mufon-5522731.json","updb_database_id":5522731}
Sighted hovering boomerang like object above freeway. Object did not move while sighted, then disappeared from sight after a few minutes. Object hovered silently.

My girlfriend and I were driving north on the 805 freeway at approximately 8:45pm tonight 11/11/11. During the drive I pointed out how bright the moon was tonight and how high it was in the sky. I pointed out how it made everything in the sky really visable and we began to look at stars. We pointed out some stars, and a few planes. The planes that we saw were all flying westward in their usual manner with normal headlights. We drove around a bend and spotted the north star which is a pretty large and bright star in general. As we came around a corner fully, just around the hill, we spotted a very large bright looking light that was just west of the north star but much larger and much brighter by about 4 times. We both immediately shouted "Whoa! what is that?" At first we thought it was a star, but quickly ruled that out as to how large and bright it was. As we kept going I kept my eyes on the light never taking them off of it. We noticed that the light was not moving, it was completely stationary. All the other planes and helicopters were moving around the sky, blinking, and lit up in a normal fashion, but this object was hovering and brighter than anything else in the sky. I thought to myself, maybe it was one of those towers for the planes, but there was no tower under the light, I thought maybe it was a helicopter, but as we got closer the lights became more distinct, and started to become a shape, I began to think maybe it was a spot light, but the light never moved. The object was hovering, and as we got close to it it appeared to be in the shape of a rounded triangle, almost like a boomerang. The object had no tail, and no "wings". As we kept driving, we started to drive straight for it, and ended up driving almost directly under the object. It stood in place the entire time, hovering. I saw the outline of the object and the lights were directly under the object in a triangle shape. One light then two lights underneath the top light, very bright very white lights all on the bottom, directly in the middle of the object. There were two smaller lights, very tiny, at either end of the object that would blink on and off very slowly in an almost fading type of blink. I saw that there were two lighter grey looking stripes on each "wing" or end of the object. The object itself was a very flat black color, no shine or reflections of the lights to the object. I opened the moon roof so I could get a better look at it as we drove under it, we were saying to each other, "what is that?" "why is it just sitting there?" "why isnt it moving?" Is it a helicopter?" "there is no tail, no wings!?" I noticed that there was no sound, this object was about as big as a military fighter jet, almost the same looking shape, but no sound, and no movement, and about a mile to two miles above us. As we tried to keep it in view while we drove under it, the driver started to hit the bumps on the next lane, so we both looked forward as she naturally swerved, I quickly looked back and the object was gone. We looked all over the sky, in front on sides, in back, I even jumped in the back seat and saw nothing. The sighting itself was exciting, neither of us were fearful or upset in anyway, we just found ourselves very curious and excited to see more.
