{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-26 21:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510731","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47664","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3497,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/731/mufon-5510731.json","updb_database_id":5510731}
{dr}3 lights. Triangle formation. During sunset to dusk. Too bright to be stars.

I left work at 9:00pm. While driving north past the I-80 overpass on top of north Greeley hwy, I noticed 3 bright star-like lights, towards the north west, in the direction of Warren Airforce Base. It was too bright out for these 3 lights to be stars and their elevation was too low. Also they were clearly visible to be in our atmosphere. They stayed stationary as I continued to drive. As I reached the bottom of the hill still heading north, I made a left onto 9th street to get to parsley blvd. took a right onto parsley, headed north to Ames under pass. Turned right onto Ames, then took a left into west Lincolnway by the Eagles Nest bar. Headed west down the road to missile drive, took a right and remained on the road which a mile or so turns into Happy Jack Rd. while driving, these 3 lights remained in a triangle formation but appeared to be moving very slow but lowering in elevation. Stationary but not . As I drove out onto round top road which is west of the airforce base, I got out of my vehicle to try to capture these lights on my phone. It became darker as the sun went into dusk finally and these three lights lowered more still in a triangle formation. During this time, the lowest of the lights kept brightening and then dimmed, and then would flicker red, white, blue, and an orangish color but in a rapid and sporadic sequence. Then it would go back into a continuous glow. The other two lights seemed to just dim and then brighten back up again, and then dim as they lowered some more in elevation(or they were moving further away in distance to the west.) all in all, I can attest that these werent stars. They were too bright during the little sunlight we had to be man made (planes, helicopters, etc) and their triangle formation they were in appeared to be a perfect triangle for the most part until they slowly started to descend into the distance. I observed this for about 40 to 45 minutes until the lights disappeared. Within this time, I had contacted my father, and from his location (west Jefferson rd/south cheyenne) him and my mother were able to witness this event as well. It was indeed a strange and exciting thing to see. (Note: the video I have attached isnt the best of quality recorded on iPhone. The lights are above the horizon, where the cloud is. Pretty much dead center of video view. . The lights along the ground are from man made structures. You can tell them apart.)
