{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-09 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484731","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75077","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2389,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/731/mufon-5484731.json","updb_database_id":5484731}
{nd} Bright Orange flying from south to north along big horn mountains at cloud level.

I was on a dirt road that passes in front of our land fill here in Sheridan WY when I noticed a yellow streak above the Big Horn Mountains.
It generated what looked like a flame instead of a white trail like a plane. In fact the whole object looked like one big flame. I was too far away to see the object causing the yellow trail. Trail was wide too. Wasn't long though was three quarters of an inch to see from where I parked.
I watched the object go into a cloud and waited for it to come out the other end but it did not so I proceeded along the road to feed some stray cats. It was no Jet. Object was probably 50 to 60 miles from me due west.I believe we are being visited. I have seen several objects in my life. Have seen some little beings about one inch tall twice in my yard observing me a few years ago. In the seventies I was visited in a dream by some beings. I thought it was just a dream until they showed up one night in my living room. I tried to communicate with them but my feet decided I needed to exit the room. They lit up the wall a bright white and made the door knob a black spot. So they were not here to harm me I figured. In my dream they came through a doorway from another dimension. So I know they can communicate through your dreams. Three months from the dream they appeared here in my house. This house has always been grand central station for seeing paranormal things. 
People should set up sighting stations with cameras and video, scopes etc to catch these goings on. Truly fascinating I think. Space and matter is ancient times infinity old. Who knows who or what lives out there on other planets or even our own planet. I hope know one ever shoots at there ships. Take care.
