{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-04-26 01:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476731","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83495","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2730,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/731/mufon-5476731.json","updb_database_id":5476731}
{dr}I was driving East on HWY 50 and noticed a pulsating light behind the trees that eventually moved directly over the highway and then disappeared. it was 1:15 AM and it was me and one other person in the car who saw it.

My girlfriend and I were on our way home and driving on highway 50- East in Placerville (where we both live). We were approaching the part of the highway where the speed limit changes to 40 MPH because you are going through downtown. We both noticed a light in the distance behind the trees on our left. It was just one dot of orange light that would get brighter and then fade and turn slightly yellow looking. It was around 1:15 AM on April 26, 2017, so there was no one else on the road. I slowed down to about 25 MPH to try and get enough time to see it before it disappeared behind the trees. After watching this object for about a minute we went around a corner and lost sight of it. When we came all the way around the corner the object moved away from the trees and began to move across the highway towards the parking garage. We noticed that it now looked like three bright orangeish yellow lights, and was clearly some sort of object. The placement of the lights made me think it was triangular in shape. It was not an airplane because it's lights were very large, and not flashing. I also rolled down my window, and even though the object was no more than 200 feet away from our car- there was no sound at all. I turned into the parking garage and raced to the top floor to try and get a good view of it, but by the time we got to the top this object was gone. It must have been able to accelerate at an incredible speed to be completely gone from sight in the 60 seconds or so it took me to get to the third floor of the parking garage. I also feel that it wasn't some kind of drone or toy, because I could tell that it was at least 15 feet wide (based on surrounding objects). My conclusion is that it wasn't any kind of conventional aircraft, like a plane. I've lived near the Placerville airport for the past couple years and can easily spot what plane lights look like. This object was NOT a plane.
