{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-09-01 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493762","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65744","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3182,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/762/mufon-5493762.json","updb_database_id":5493762}
{rjl} Flew over from W to E then returned from E with with lights illuminating ground.

I believe it was late summer/early fall of 2015 while I was at my neighbor's house, when my neighbor, his friend, and I noticed a low aircraft. It was coming toward us from the east with a very low altitude and very slow speed. It was dusk and the sun was already down and we were in the last half hour of light. The ship was difficult to see because it was kind of transparent like the military planes that have the camouflaging skin that can mirror the sky. As it came closer I could see that it was triangular in shape, almost like a stealth fighter, except that it was flying backwards. What I mean by that is that the point was in the back and the flat side was on the leading edge. The leading edge had 5 white lights on the face of the flat side. It had to be under 500ft in altitude, completely silent and very large. I've been to the Dayton Air Show and I would venture to say that this craft was every bit as large as a B-52. It passed directly over us and I mentioned something about that it had to be flying illegally low. That led to my neighbor raising his arm and middle finger and saying "yeah he is. F@$* YOU". The craft continued on its westerly path at a slow pace of roughly 10mph. With the low light of the day and transparency of the craft it disappeared not far off in distance. We all thought that it was a very odd shaped plane and amazing that it made absolutely no sound. I found it strange that it didn't have the typical green and red marker lights on the left and right as most planes do. We live less than an hour from Wright Patterson Air Force Base and resolved that it must be some new high tec military plane. While we were discussing this all of a sudden we noticed that the ship was back. This time Much lower, I would guess somewhere around 100ft above us. This time the lights on the front were much brighter and illuminating us much like if a car turned on its high beams. We started joking that my neighbor just got put on the FBIs watch list for flipping them the bird on the first pass, that they obviously saw. I've always been under the impression that it was a military plane but in the last 10 years I've never found an aircraft to match what I saw. I have found photos/illustrations of UFO's that look like what I've seen, except that they always have them flying with the point in front and not the flat side like I saw. Its been in my thoughts ever since about exactly what it was. If you could shed some light on this ship for me that would be great. Thanks
