{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-05-01 05:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476762","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83456","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2531,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/762/mufon-5476762.json","updb_database_id":5476762}
at 5:40 am, was light enough to discern that it was not a plane, helecopter or balloon, landing legs structure clearly seen.

First I will state that being a U.S. Marine, I'm a trained observer. 

I had already been well awake by 3am and had coffee and was on the computer, when approximately 5:40am I heard my dogs carrying on outside and went to investigate. 

At first I thought they had barked at nothing, when I suddenly caught sight of the object, I watched it only for 30 seconds or so before realizing that it wasn't a plane, helicopter, or hot air balloon and ran into the house and grabbed my cell phone as it was the closest camera available.

The object first appeared to be about 700 ft high, but as the object had moved into the background of my house it appeared to be gaining altitude and I snapped three photos as it passed beyond the peak of the roof over my bedroom, moving in a South or South East direction towards Manila. 

The object made no sound at all, and it had no visable lights of any kind, it seemed to be moving about the same speed as a small plane at first and was completely out of sight in about 3 minutes or less, apparently gaining speed.  

When I first looked at the pics, I though I missed it, as it looked like a speck of dust or dirt, I then downloaded them to my desktop computer and cropped the photos, and then I could see better detail. 

I was a bit stunned when saw it, as I had never seen any craft like this before, and it clearly had a some type of leg structure for landing. 

Three pics were taken, and numbered in the order taken, the best being the first pic.

Semper Fi
