{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-20 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524762","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31057","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3382,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/762/mufon-5524762.json","updb_database_id":5524762}
3 witnesses: Rusty, Lee & Jeremy Gragg

Jeremy Gragg telling this description,
My dad(RUSTY) my brother (Lee) & I (Jeremy) were sitting on the front porch just past dusk, not quite dark, at the above address. My brother Lee, saw it first. It started as a very bright point of light, orange/red, far away and small. It looked like the color and brightness of an army flare from a plane or a road flare. It was wobbling or staggering back and forth, less than a half inch back and forth. It was heading from the west part of the sky just under the cloud cover, maybe from the Bainbridge or Nipgen area flying towards our area, which is close to Huntington High School. It started out as a small very bright orange/red dot and grew as it came closer. When it was the size of an asprin, it looked like a fireball. I was trying to figure out my cellphone camera to get a picture. It wasn't quite over our heads, it paused or seemed to pause in the sky, and then it shot "straight up" without warning or sound, like a rocket on the 4th of July up through the clouds. It was still bright, we could barely see through the greyness of the cloud cover as it climbed higher and higher. The light went out, like it shot out into space or something, and we thought our sighting was over. It wasn't over. It appearently, shut off it's light above the clouds and it must have started to decend in a freefall dive very fast because it came out of the clouds, basicly down the same line it orgionally went up, really fast. It was now just a black dot when it came through the grey clouds, no light at all, just a black disk, no wings, not a helicopter. It swooped down just under the cloud cover. My brother said, "Here it comes". It was flying straight towards us getting bigger and bigger. I thought it malfunctioned and that's why the lights were out. I thought it was going to crash on the highway in front of us. Without thinking, I started running towards the back yard to avoid the crash. Lee yelled, "Hold on Jeremy, it's leveling out, come back". I stopped looked up. It did level out. We all watched it fly over our heads, traveling an east/northeast straight line towards Maple Grove Road/Route 50 area. It was flying as fast as a low flying fighter jet. Which we do see and hear alot around here. We watched until it got smaller in the distance. It finally went past the hills out of our view. It wasn't to far below the clouds when it leveled out. It was the size of a dime as it went over us. It was a black disk shaped object. No lights. No features were observed & there was never any sound during any of the sighting. Right over our heads, it was NOT A PLANE. I asked my dad what he thought, he said, "I'll have to think about this one for awhile". Lee agreed. We were all shocked.......
