{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-01 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495762","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63684","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3312,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/762/mufon-5495762.json","updb_database_id":5495762}
{cak} Alien faces are appearing on my skin.

I experienced a childhood alien abduction. (I am 37 years old now.) It's not something that I have wished to talk about, just because of the stigma attached to it. But something began happening recently that has forced me to confront the uncomfortable reality. Let me back up a bit. Shortly after my childhood abduction, I noticed a mysterious, oval-shaped mark on my lower left leg, right above my ankle. It is purple and the outer edges look very much like a laser burn. I didn't really make a connection between the mark and my abduction at the time. I just figured that it would eventually go away. But here I am, more than twenty years later, and not only has it not gone away, but it has never even faded with the passage of time. It is as fresh today as it was when it first appeared all those years ago. It is located on a part of my leg that is not easy for me to look at. However, recently I began taking close-up photographs of the mark and really looking at it. I was not prepared for what I discovered. I saw very distinct alien faces in the center of this inexplicable mark. They are not the stereotypical alien images. And they are somehow changing. In fact, to date, a new face appears just about every day. There is a white material inside the oval-shaped mark and it is this white film that is somehow morphing into these different alien "portraits". I have even captured video of the process taking place, in between the transition of faces. Since I have decided to go public with my story, UFOs have been appearing outside my house on an almost nightly basis. Of course, in addition to the photos, I still have the physical mark on my leg for anyone to see in person who wishes to do so. I am sending you the photos for you to review and analyze. I am open to any and every kind of expert examination in order to verify that this is a real phenomenon. Thank you for your time and God bless.
