{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-15 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494762","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64700","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3171,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/762/mufon-5494762.json","updb_database_id":5494762}
{cak} Bright White Star-like light with irregular flight patterns. Then a second appeared and they hovered together off in the distance.

I took my dog out before going to bed and I noticed a very bright white Star-like light in the sky. It was way too bright to be a star so I watched it to see if it was a plane. After watching it for a couple seconds it suddenly moved to the left. That's when I noticed it wasn't a plane because a plane just doesn't slide to the left in the sky. Then the Bright Star-like object moved to the right. After watching it move to the left, dropped down in elevation and re elevated is when I told myself that has to be a UFO. It seemed to be hovering and traveling East but every now and then it would go to the left, the right, down in elevation and back up again. By the time it stayed still in the sky was when it was closest to me. It went from the horizon of the sky to the middle of the sky in a matter of a minute or two with irregular flight patterns. I was really freaked out about what I saw so I went inside right away and told my girl friend. She thought I was seeing things so I told her to take a look for herself. She did not see it move at all but she did say it was a very bright star. In the matter of an hour or so, I went to the window to see if it was still there and it had actually moved SW more towards the horizon where I could see it through the tree line at my house. The weirdest part was that the light was even brighter now and there was another bright white star-like light next to it. The one on the left kept getting brighter and brighter while the 2nd light stayed the same. Neither of the two lights were in that area of the sky the first time I went outside and I thought it was really weird that the first one I saw was gone but now there were two in another section of the sky. I told my girl friend that the UFO we were looking at is no longer in the sky and she told that she knows because she saw it more towards the horizon. She is not a believer but she thought it was really weird. I on the other hand do believe and I know that is not normal and had to be 2 UFOs of some sort. I actually just got up to see if the 2 Bright white Star-like UFOs are still in the sky and they are. This has been going on for over an hour now and starting to freak me out. The brightest one seems to have stayed in the exact same place and the second one seems to have moved a little higher in the sky. Very freaky.
