{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-27 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499762","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59370","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3097,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/762/mufon-5499762.json","updb_database_id":5499762}
{jd} Star-like object flared brightly wih light, dimmed, then two dimmer objects came from it and travelled west.

at 10:15 p.m. on august 27, 2014, i was walking my dog in a darkened park where i like to observe stars, meteor showers, etc., when i noticed that the clouds were almost aurora-like...very high and wispy-thin. i had been out there for about ten minutes, so my night vision was well adjusted. i was randomly scanning the sky when, right before my eyes, nearly directly overhead to the north, i witnessed a star's light suddenly grow/ramp up in intensity until it was brighter than any star or object i have EVER observed in the night sky. when it reached it's brightest point, which took about 10 seconds, it stayed that bright for several seconds, then started reverting to it's original brightness, which took about ten seconds as well. i then observed two objects that were dimmer than the "star's" original brightness moving from that area going directly west. i tracked one of the objects about halfway across the sky until i couldn't see it any longer because of the city lights. the other light was on a slightly different path, and i lost it behind some of the high wispy clouds. at this point i had feelings of excitement, wonder and disbelief. about seven minutes passed and i was scanning the entire sky in awe/disbelief, when i observed an "aircraft", possibly military in nature, coming from the northeast, flying low and VERY FAST.it travelled in the same direction as the light i tracked halfway across the sky, which was west. this "aircraft" moved faster than any aircraft i have ever observed at it's lower altitude and it made absolutely no sound. i watched it until it disappeared over the western horizon. the event i observed gives me a strong feeling that i have witnessed some kind of dimensional or intergalactic gateway opening and ushering forth several craft. the military type craft i observed several minutes later may have been in pursuit? i say military craft because i was formerly stationed at a NATO air base in italy and currently live between grissom a.f.b. and ft wayne's tactical fighter wing, so seeing a military craft operate at night is well known to me and unmistakeable. i was just shocked at it's speed and it's lack of sound at the altitude it was operating ,maybe 300-500 feet. the craft i observed leaving the "star" were VERY high in the atmosphere... i can't even guess at how high they were. they were very "starlike" in appearance.
