{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-03 18:58:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290762","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112577","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2811,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/762/mufon-5290762.json","updb_database_id":5290762}
Perfectly spaced pulsating line of lights

On 12/03/20 at 1858 hours I was Working in Boulder County and at Walden Ponds. I noticed three bright lights in a diagonal pattern perfectly spaced. I first thought it was Orion’s belt. But then more lights appeared spaced evenly from a brighter center light. There was approximately 15 to 20 lights which were evenly spaced in a diagonal orientation. These lights were easily within the atmosphere and did not appear to be moving. The lights would pulsate, in a fashion of going almost completely dim and then Becoming brighter. I was able to get my cell phone out and took video of the incident. The video is difficult to see in a poor quality. I then proceeded to take to steal photos of the lights to try and get Better evidence. The event lasted approximately three minutes from the time I started to see the lights until they completely disappeared. It should be noted that two other deputies also saw the lights. It should also be noted that at approximately 1930 hrs. we received a call from DIA informing us of a jet at 35,000 feet that was blinded by a laser. The location given by the pilot was not in the location of these lights, and I do not believe a laser could produce the lightsWhich I had seen.

I understand there is a new satellite system flying in the air called Starlink. I would like to note that these lights were well within the atmosphere and we’re not moving in a fashion as to satellites which I have seen in the past. I also checked the star link website which shows when star link would be visible in the Denver metro area. Per the website it was at approximately 1830 hrs.. I again want to reiterate the fact that I do not believe these were the Starlink satellites. 

I sent dispatch a photo of the lights which they were going to send either to DIA or the FAA.
