{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-07 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287762","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115611","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2819,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/762/mufon-5287762.json","updb_database_id":5287762}
I experienced a Black, RECTANGULAR, flying object as wide as a 2 lane road, with lights underneath but not shining down. Flying SLOW Treetop height,

I was driving N on Route 171 to buy ice cream at the Dollar General. While driving up a small hill, I immediately saw a big flash of light to my left in the sky, traveling W towards the street I was on. I looked at my Jeep's time, it was exactly 7:15pm and it was a dark night. Up ahead the flying object made a right and began to slowly, just at the treetops, head towards my car. It was all black, and I thought because we have a small airport near my house, "What is someone learning to fly a plane at night." I said to myself. The flying object flew very slowly over me enough that I could count the lights and the pattern of the lights that did not shine rays of light downward as lights usually do. I glanced into my rearview window and saw a vehicle at the bottom of the hill with an intersection on its right, go into a dead stop, and quickly turn right and speed away. I stopped my car, opened the driver's door, held onto my steering wheel and watched the flying object slowly fly down the hill and veered to its right over thickly wooded tree area. It was just one rectangle the width of 2 full lanes, flying right at the tree tops. The lights were rectangles under the (so-called) wings, and I counted 4 across, 4 down on each side and 4 on the bottom and then I had time to count those rectangles across and there were 10.
I went for the ice cream, and had to return on that road when I became very serious that I had witnessed something weird. Once I got home, I did not say a word to my boyfriend for at least an hour. I could not speak all that time. Because I had known that he believed in UFO's, I finally related what happened. He said that it was probably a UFO. Until now that the GOVT plans to divulge info about UFO's soon, I decided to report the incident and look forward to seeing the TV program when the GOVT will tell their story. 
I was not the same for a while, and did not tell anyone else about the incident, like my daughter, for a week or so. It still creeps me out when I drive on that road when it is dark. I actually try not to.
