{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-11-03 13:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471615","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88849","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3049,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/615/mufon-5471615.json","updb_database_id":5471615}
like a sphere or a egge brithg or circle

It was in the city Azaua de Compostela,I wastaken a capacitacion ofmy job and a uncle callme by whatssap for give me the ifmormation the they partner and her son saw the UFO from early and that it was there at the afternoon 1:00 P.M. so I take my camaera that I usually use for my work the get to the yard for look the UFO with a partner who take his camera too. while i was with my uncle at phone giving me the reference where find it. I find it at the south i a take some many pictures and videos.

it no the firts time i take evidence of Ufo at my city, i have many year colletyng pictures and videos.

but it was he firts time a day all the other were at nigth.

this ufo during around 4 hours static and moving slowly.

some many people including a reporter saw and take pistures and they put the information on facebook.

since the fisrt time this ufo coninued appearing during the day. and more people are witness.

In other case during the nithg is possible see brigth spheres flying low and slowly and see beams of ligth turning around. even my wife and 9 and 6 year old daugthers have seen it.

I belive that form here it there are a base or they are loking for something.

There was at time a army elicopter come at nigth and it was looking for somethin and it was possible to see the gaurds with large arms and the elicopter at low altitud, looking for something throughout the city. day after a military plane left in pursuit of a supposed ship that according to them escaped them.

this is a zone of big activities ufo. Im 36 yeral old and i have more than 15 years been witneess.

and i am sure this is out this world.
