{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-01-23 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549615","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"2848","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2466,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/615/mufon-5549615.json","updb_database_id":5549615}
A white cylindrical object with three round module

I was watching CNN showing Mars in 3-d on Jan. 23,2004 and as the rover pannedthe depression-like area, a white object appeared and flew toward the lander,changing directions three times not just straight, but zig-zagand as the objectturned toward the right and passed in front of the lander, we could see itsshape as missle-like,with three distinct round modules on it one at either endand one in the middle. The object was white and at the normal speed of thevideo , moved so fast that it was hardly noticable with eye as it moved acrossthe screen . Wnen freeze-framed and advanced a frame at a time, it could beclearly seen. When the point of origin was retraced, it appeared to have emergedfron a dark looking opening at the opposite wall of the crater-like depressiononly yards from the Rover lander. As the object passed swoopedby the lander, we could see the whole shape and a dark area under the centermodule on the body of the object. The object turned as it passed by the lander,and did almost 180 turn in a very short area before it disappeared from thescreen. At regular video speed, one would have to be very observant to even seeit-it was moving that fast Curiosity as to the white blip that I caught moving,was what prompted me to check it out. I have seen Terrestial UFOs, before , andhave most of the books and videos on the subject. This is different, in that Icant give you certain pertanent information because this is not Earth-based. Icontacted JPL and CNN, but received no reply. Probably think Im another kook Ifit means anything, Im a Minister and have absolutely no reson to lie ordeceive--Im only reporting what I saw and my wife and actually two other peoplesaw and can verify. So, if youre interested, please feel free to contact me, asI would like to get the tape analysed for accuracy. Sincerely, Lewie
