{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-08 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503615","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55314","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2779,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/615/mufon-5503615.json","updb_database_id":5503615}
{nd} 2 white orbs in the NW sky near rocky mountains

I had just gotten into my car from attending a stargazing party at my community college. As I left the centennial campus down south I started heading North on I-25 towards the union exit. I had just passed motor city exit when I looked to my left North West, mind you I am on a straight stretch of road for a good quarter mile, and there were two, repeat, two white glowing orbs. They were spherical and they were VERY bright, brighter than any star in the sky. There were no blinking lights of say a helicopter or an airplane, or even a satellite. These orbs were vertical to one another, I mean exactly vertical. There must have been about hundred feet apart maybe more, i cant tell exactly. I had been watching them for a good ten seconds, trying to make sure that I was correct about not seeing any blinking lights, and then all of a sudden the bottom light pulsated a good 4 times with the same white glowing color it was emanating and disappeared completely, wholly, and totally. The top one remained. By this time i had just finished watching the top one that remained and as I was driving around the curving highway i lost sight of the object. I looked back in the same direction once It was safe to look again and it was gone. It is kinda of crazy because earlier I had viewed mars and jupiter as well as the moon and many star clusters/constellations, and galaxies through many different large telescopes. Me and this other kid in my class had seen the same object fly pass over us in the sky while we were in the middle of the field gazing. it was an asteroid maybe, but then after the star gazing i asked the guy if he'd ever seen any ufos and he said yes, and then we started talking about interdimensional beings. Now i Have had MANY sightings in my life and there is a certain feeling that takes over when you see one of these beings or ships or w/e, but it's like they wanted you to look, and somehow they picked you and you know it's them and they know that you know it's them. So anyhow, after i chatted with the kid i got in the car and headed out to the highway, where I then saw these two bright white lights.
