{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-02-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289615","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113739","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2305,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/615/mufon-5289615.json","updb_database_id":5289615}
Ball of Light inside my house.

I was sitting down to watch TV about quarter after midnight and had just found something to watch. There was a slight storm that could be heard in the distance and I was getting a little bit of rain around the house. While sitting on my couch abruptly out of no where a ball of glowing white light, almost like a glowing eyeball. It was strange, It was bright like a camera flash or an led flashlight but it didn't hurt to look at the way it would to look at a camera flash or flashlight. It sat about 2 feet above my kitchen table just under my chandelier for about 4 seconds all the while making a weird static hum, kind of like what you may hear coming off a transformer just not as loud. While looking at it there was a flash of lightning outside and as if coinciding with the flash of the lightning the orb disappeared into nothing. I've heard of ball lightning before and seen some videos of it as well but this didn't seem like what I've read and seen in the past. Also I'm not sure if this does apply to this situation or not( I sincerely hope it doesn't) but for the night before, the night of the observation, and the night after, I fell asleep on the couch facing one direction to wake up in the morning laying the opposite way. I know this may not be strange to some but I have no history of tossing and turning, or any kind of sleep walking. If I ever sit up(which I would have had to do) then I am wide awake. 

To Mufon- are there any other similar encounters that have been reported? I haven't personally heard of anything like this inside the house and I found it strange enough to ask does this fall into the category of a sighting even or am I over thinking this?
