{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-02-11 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547615","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"15478","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3684,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/615/mufon-5547615.json","updb_database_id":5547615}
Observed oval object with two red non strobing lights. Object appeared to "explode" and took off in a flash. 10 minutes later 2 helicopters were in the area.

On the above date and time I was sitting with my Husband and daughter in the living room area, and watching a movie.

I was seated in a chair that faces South-West, while my husband and daughter were seated in chairs facing approx. North.

Within the living room is a large sliding glass door that allows exit to the backyard area. The door also faces South-West and overlooks the Tucson mountains with an unimpeded view since there are no homes in that area adjacent our home.
, 
I turned away from the Television and glanced out through the sliding glass door. My attention was immediately drawn to an object approx 200 to 300 feet South-West of our backyard. 

Although I don1t remember seeing the object moving at that point, I got the impression that it was moving South to North. 

The object was complete with two (2) red lights, (non-strobing) one in the front and one in the rear. Although it was dark out I got the impression that the shape of the object was Oval. I estimate its altitude at approx. 150-200 Feet.

Holding my hand stretched out in front of me, with fingers pointing up, I estimate that from light to light, the distance between these two lights would have spanned my hand from little finger to thumb.

As I watched and only a second or two later the object appeared to 1explode1 with a blinding white light, (the size of the explosion would be about the size of a pie plate held at arms length) the object then accelerated at an unbelievable rate of speed and departed, parallel to the ground, in a Northerly direction.

There was no noise at any time emitted from this object.

Because neither my Husband nor Daughter was looking in that direction, neither saw the object.

I alerted them to the object and we all ran outside looking for any sign of it.

After about 10 minutes of looking, we all three gave up and returned to the living room.

Just as we began to sit down once again, my Husband stated that he heard the sounds of Helicopters coming in.

All of us went to the back yard once again and watched as two Helicopters, moving from the North-west and proceeding in a South-east direction.

My husband who is former Air Force identified these helicopters as Military types. Although it was dark and the outlines of the choppers were indistinct they were both about the size of Blackhawks, maybe larger.

We could see that as the Helicopters approached in tandem, they flew directly over the area where I witnessed the object 1explode1

The Helicopters were moving very slowly (estimated speed of perhaps 50 miles per hour) and I would estimate their altitude at 200-300 Feet.

They proceeded to pass our house just to the South and continued flying South-east.

Although there is much Military air-traffic in this area, and we have witnessed many helicopters in flight, we have never seen them fly this route, nor at this slow of speed, especially during the night.
