{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-08-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483615","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76257","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3025,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/615/mufon-5483615.json","updb_database_id":5483615}
UFO over East-Germany

Twelve years ago myself,my girlfriend and my best friend were sitting in a field near the river Elbe and staring to the sky. I heard in tv that a meteorites-rain could be seen in eastern Germany and told it to my friends. After it became dark until past midnight we counted 30 glowing meteorites, it was a wonderful clear night and we were enjoying the situation...but then my girlfriend stands up and said: Hey guys there are three red lights and they are coming in direction to us...and at this moment my friend and i could also see it...a triangle-formed black thing with three lights that pulsating in the same sequence- and this,,thing'' became bigger and bigger on its way to us.And i remember that i saw this form also in a tv-documentation about the belgium Ufo-events! It was very slowly, maybe a speed of 10km/h... or more! At the moment when the ufo was directly in front of us my friend was taking his pocket lamp and turns the light on...the ufo became slowly and its lights changed their colors-red-orange-yellow-green-blue-white...we were overwhelmed...our feelin was that it saw us now for first time and it was also shocked because of us!Now the ufo was standing still above us! I began to speak: Hey i'm peaceful and your friend...i'm ready to come with you...pleeeeaaaase take me with you...i'm ready my friends! My girlfriend said: please be quiet i have fear...please! My friend said: Can you hear that... no more sounds of any insects or any wind! We could only hear our breath and our voices. Now i also became a bit feared...the lights were away and a dark triangle ufo is above us...we saw the form very clear! And then after a few minutes, two different lights in the middle of the ufo began pulsating in red and white...like the lights of the airplanes at the horizon... and the ufo was flying away with the same speed like before in direction to a factory.We saw it over the factory at last,before we lost the sighting contact. I was disappointed that they did ignoring me- until today i think this was my last chance to fly into outer space... this event was real and i will never forget what happened at this night for my whole life! We are not alone...we are like insects under watch. I think the ufo was non-human and it was also surprised about the situation like we were ...
