{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-04 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286615","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116767","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4461,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/615/mufon-5286615.json","updb_database_id":5286615}
UAP Chicago NW side

On the 4th of the July, 2021; just after 9pm, facing W... My girlfriend and I watched a star-like object fly a deliberate path of varied speed and direction, both near residential areas, and then up into the clouds; back down, and off to the SW out of sight.

The object estimated at least the size of a helicopter. Speed was quite shocking; much faster than anything I've ever seen, and able to change direction at will. My girlfriend described it like watching a bug fly around, in regards to the ease at which it changed directions and altitude. 

At first the object was not distinguishable from the local fireworks, due to it's star-like quality. No object visible, just a bright (but not blinding) light. Silver with light blue tint.

We first noticed it when amid a burst of fireworks off to the SW, this object (1/2 mile away) flew upward and NW towards the clouds. Very distinct, and unusual, we immediately commented on it. It had either been previously stationary or simply entered our field of view from the SW. 

As it flew upward and NW towards the clouds, it also was flying away (W) but remained clearly visible for the entire duration. It's flight path was an imperfect and varied arch upwards, while changing speed dramatically. It would seem to almost stop, and then speed up with seemingly no resistance or effort. 

It's flight path also appeared to vary extremely fast in terms of distance from us; heading off quickly (W toward O'hare) and returning to a distance of 1-1/2 mile. This change of distance was so abrupt that is almost seemed like the object was changing in size.

It made a full loop (staying in our view the entire time) from N to S and back to the NW where it entered the clouds. As it flew NW into the clouds, it was clearly giving off a circular aura of light around it's continuous star-like appearance. 

When it entered a sparse patch of clouds, it began it's only sequence of pulsating or flashing light. It first dimmed and then pulsated quickly 8-12 times. When it pulsated, instead of a star-like quality; it appeared to be 5 or 6 individual lights arranged in a circular pattern fixed to a single object. Between the clouds and lights, I was unable to see a fixed shape to which the lights were attached.

During this time, planes taxiing into O'hare were alarmingly close. It then turned back into a star-like ball of light and flew with a slightly varying path out of view to the SW. 

This was approximately 2 minutes. No drugs or alcohol consumed, both witnesses confirm the same details. 

At it's fastest speed, it was faster than anything I've ever seen; and it's ability to change direction was shocking. 

We did not even think to get a camera until it was out of sight. We then filmed some footage of a strange object which looked exactly the same, but followed a more explainable flight pattern (could have been a drone). However this object we filmed did look exactly like the one we viewed. 

During this time there were fireworks, planes, paper lanterns, etc. This light/object was so different that there's not a question of it being any of the above. The only explanation I'll accept is a new and extreme form of drone capable of flying at human crushing speed. But O'hare airport is very near, and this object did come within disturbing proximity to planes.

When it appeared star-like, it gave off the impression of having very little or no physical mass. I estimate the size of a helicopter based on the distance and fact that it remained easily seen as it traveled far off to the W.
However, when it pulsated briefly in the clouds; we got the impression that there was a formidable object at the source of the light.

My girlfriend and I are happy to talk with you, and give any details, plus the extra footage we filmed minutes after the first sighting.
