{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485615","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74113","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6851,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/615/mufon-5485615.json","updb_database_id":5485615}
{jpg} I saw 3 beings walk into my room

Note: received email from HQ. I created this skeletal record. Mark Krubsack, CI No. Cal.

To whom it may concern, I have something I need help with reporting and I want to be contacted for help with an ordeal I have had. I have seen ufos many times outside my home in Marysville Wa year's ago but what I would like to get help with is something that has baffled myself my friends, and family for the past few years. I went to bed one night and not much later I heard noises coming from my kitchen. I assumed my oldest daughter was cooking. Pots and pans crashed about and loud noises of banging came from my kitchen. I thought nothing of it and tried to go back to sleep. Suddenly I heard a loud high pitch ring it was disorintating and my bedroom door opened. I saw 3 beings walk into my room. I couldn't make out what they looked like light bathed behind them so they looked dark to make out details. But I can say that were short. Not thin like a child but they had large heads short to no neck head. They reminded me of someone with dwarfism. Not skinny but stout yet not fat. As soon as I saw them I sat up and tried to speak, they walked to the foot of my bed and then one touched my foot and bam I was out like a light. The next day the very moment I woke I exhaled what tasted like a gas. I not only have worked in surgery but have had many from a kidney disease. When I exhaled I knew it was a familiar feeling and taste like I just had woken up fresh from surgery and had been put to sleep with an anesthesia. I was groggy so I tried to sit up in my bed and felt a sharp pain in my abdominal area. I looked under my shirt and I indeed has an insicion. This was like no insicison I had ever seen before. First it was very straight as an arrow and was very clean. The skin looked void of blood at the incision. Second no bedodine or other substances were used to prep a patient's skin to prevent infections. I have always had an orange yellow hue to my skin after any surgery from the bedodine that they use to scrub and clean the area before cutting open. Third it was glued together. No stiches or staples.  Not only did it not have any dried blood or cautery marks but most of all the odd thing was it could be pulled apart and still no blood and when you let go it sealed right back together until you pulled it apart again. You could open it up a couple inches down. I was too scared to let it open as far as I could go because I didn't know if I would injure myself or start a bleed. Yet not a drop of blood could be seen. Just the layer of epidermis and down into the day and muscle layer. Now who could I tell. Other than my family. As someone who worked in nursing and surgery for years I knew I couldn't talk to my doctor about it without being labled crazy. Or seen as disillusioned . But I did have an ultrasound appointment a week before this happened showing I had a large gallstone and sugery was needed which my doctors were about to do. So a few days after this happened the insicion rapidly healed. Far faster than any I have ever had before. Most the time my insisions took well over a month to heal due to my bad kidney disease. I was scheduled a week after the incident to get another ultrasound for surgery for a pre surgery exam and when they did the ultrasound the stone that was as large as my gallbladder was completely gone. This stone I had was far too large for me to pass it had to be removed along with my gallbladder. But when I got the ultrasound the stone was gone yet my gallbladder. remained. This baffled the doctors. A gallstone surgery has to include removing the gallbladder. Yet mine was intact sans stone. Alittle over a year later I got a new stone same size and when my gallbladder was finally removed the stone had spilt the gallblader into two pieces. This event has changed my life in a bad way. Even though I am thankful to who ever helped heal my body from a bad stone it scares me that I have no idea who I was or why they took me to do such a thing. Was it a routine check a person out but I had health difficulties so that has to perform emergency surgery.I have never suffered from anxiety but after this event happened I had no one to turn to but my family. They all saw the incision they all knew what happened and I was telling the truth but I had no one to help me figure out what happened. Also no one was cooking that night everyone else said that heard the noise mainly my grown daughter. Everyone was in bed at the time. My kitchen was the same as we left it nothing moved or gone. This has made me fear who could remove me from my home and perform a surgery and put me back without anyone else being the wiser . Also to not know who did this to me our own goverment or some non human beings has made it quiet hard on me. I want answers yet have no way to ever find out who did this. Since this has happen I have had one more surgery like that but couldn't go to the doctor again for fear I would be labled crazy. That was just this summer and i have no clue as to what they did that time other than it was over my chest where my sternum is. I still have both scars. I need answers but most of all I want people to know that life is not exactly what we think it is when someone else can remove you from your home and you have no memory of what happened no power to s too it. It's scary yet I know people need to know it does happen. I am willing to work with anyone to find out what could have happened or put my story out there if it helps others who feel lost and alone from things like this. I'm not looking for money or game I just want to let other know that aren't alone. I'm smart and have no history of delusion. I am willing to provide medical records and proof of my gallstone being there and disappearing. I also would do a polygraph to proof I am being honest. Sorry if I am contacting the wrong person also I'm sorry this was so long but I wanted to give clear details. IF you could please pass this along to the right channels or have someone contact me I would very much appreciate it. Thank you, I can be reached at [Phone # removed/cms/tg]. I CAN BE EMAILED BACK BUT RARELY GO ONLINE. A call is best. Again thank you for your time.
