{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473968","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86376","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3299,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/968/mufon-5473968.json","updb_database_id":5473968}
{jpg} Mountain lights triangle and flashing Morse code light in triangle of N.C.- TN. -VA

On Tuesday August 29th I stepped outside an early morning and looked up over the mountain ridge because there was a very bright light shining. It was so bright that it made me squint my eyes and look away. So I looked again to try and distinguish what kind of bright light would be in that area of the mountain. 

I noticed that there was also a smaller light next to it. The smaller light was stationary at first but then it began flashing it's light like a pulsation. I thought it was another "not of this world" things. I became a little unnerved because both lights were directly in front of me shining down over the ridge towards my condominium -and when it begin pulsating I felt that the smaller light sensed my presence outdoors. As I watched contemplating I felt that the pulsating light was a form of Morse code. I also felt that it was a "sensing" tool. Then I noticed there was a aura haze of light stretching wide behind the two lights. Also a little further down the mountain ridge another auric light fanned out over the ridge and into the sky ... and further down the ridge another aura of light shaped like a dome. All of the auras we're hazy lit up and stretched wide along the ridge.

As I looked back to the large bright light it then appeared to gently brighten and dim while the smaller bright light continued its random pulsing of light but now blue and green lights were pulsing with the light.
I then recalled just before the solar eclipse in that same location - I had witnessed three lights hovering in the sky shaped into a wide triangle pattern. At that time those lights were bright white and then began pulsating a rotation of red blue and green. Two other previous sightings did the same thing but those moved and we're only two lights.

I realize that it was another strange event (and we have many here), but then I felt that whatever "it" was did sense my presence outside I decided to go back inside to bed (and I did quickly) haha I figured I would check the location for the next couple of days to see if the lights we're still present. If so, I would chalk it up to something weird but natural. However, on both occasions, I checked at the same time and other times and for 3 days after the sightings and saw nothing of like again.

I have had, and witnessed, along with other residents, multiple experiences and unexplained light sightings in this specific area of the mountain. The mountain area is on the 37th parallel loop so i am not surprised I just wanted to report and give confirmation to others who may be seeing mysterious things in this area.
