{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503968","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54941","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3974,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/968/mufon-5503968.json","updb_database_id":5503968}
{kt}Traffic-free night sky. Saw huge, sharp, expansive blue-white flash. Searched for source. Nothing. Intrigued. Said,

I live in San Francisco, CA. In the Haight-Ashbury district.

Initially, I wasn't going to report this event. My life is peppered by an ongoing series of unusual experiences - of which this was only one. But recently, I began learning of possible connections between human consciousness/telepathy and UFOs (Thank You, Grant Cameron.). So, here it is... (Please note: I'm approximating the date and time. As I said, I hadn't planned on reporting it.)

At around 12:30 am, in September 2013, I was sitting on my front steps reading (a favorite past-time). The expansive sky was dark, but completely clear. I'd scanned it, but saw only the same stars that I usually see - where I usually see them. There was the occasional car or pedestrian passing by, but overall it was quiet.

I was reading my book, intently. My reading was interrupted by the sudden appearance of a huge, blossoming, blue-white flash in the north-eastern sky. I immediately scanned that area of the sky, but there was nothing unusual to be seen. Nothing was out of place. Nothing was added. No movement. No shadows. Nothing.

But that flash... It'd come from, well, nothing. Just the vast darkness. Then, from a microscopic spark... it exploded... blossoming/expanding simultaneously in all directions... to such a size and such a blazing, brilliant, brightness that... it had to be - Something.

I know that it wasn't a camera flash. I know that it wasn't lights on a plane/drone/RC anything. It wasn't a helicopter. It wasn't a paper lantern. It wasn't the planet Venus or Mars or any other. It wasn't a shooting star.

It felt, to me, like it was extremely faraway, but also focused. It was intentional. I don't know... Perhaps it was a signal to... someone?

Everything had been and still was quiet. I sat there, slack-jawed in my awed silence.  In my head, I kept asking myself, "What the heck was that?!". I'd never seen anything like it before - or since.

Then, just for fun, I looked towards the point in the sky where I'd seen the flash originate and I said - aloud - to the seemingly, blank night sky, "I saw you. I saw that. Do it again. Please.". And, in the very next instant, when I was about to return my attention to the book in my lap - it exploded into existence, again. I watched as a second huge, brilliant, blossoming, blue-white flash began... grew... spread out across a vast (in the amount of dark, distant sky it seemed to erupt from) area, in nanoseconds. And then, just as quickly, it was gone.

I desperately scanned the sky for something... anything that could have caused the flashes. But, there was nothing. No planes. No helos. No lanterns. No drones. No planets, comets, meteorites. No movement. No lights. No shadows. Nothing.

I was glad that I'd seen the first flash. And, I was elated that whatever had created the original flash, had "done it again" in the very same spot - seemingly upon request. And, I was also a little disconcerted, to be honest.

But, even if my experience was related to consciousness/communication and/or UFOs... telepathy, itself, is far from a new concept to me. I just hadn't considered the possibilities... the distances it could traverse... instantaneously.

Thank you for reading my account.
