{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528968","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26573","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6149,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/968/mufon-5528968.json","updb_database_id":5528968}
thought it was helicopter hovering above field but no noise/lasted for hours

Last night Saturday November13,2010 at around 6:30 or just as dusk was ending I was driving home north on HWY 95 from Cistern Genreal store. As I approached our driveway I noticed an object across the street (east from our driveway) that looked like a plane with its white, red & blue lights on approaching.Then I noticed it just seem to hover so I thought it was an helicopter. I crossed our cattle guard ,parked my tahoe, and got out to have a better look.It wast going anywhere except up and down and side to side. The object didn't make a noise.Since it was rapidly getting dark I couln't define the shape of the object. I watched it for about 10 minutes.The darker it got outside the lights became very brilliant and sharp.
I drove home on my 1/4 mile drivway to get binoculars and my son to go back with me to see the object.He took forever (15 minutes)to get ready packing blankets,hats & gloves since it was a cold night.WE returned to the end of our driveway and parked the car again right in front of the field where the object was hoovering. It seemed as if it had moved a bit upwards and to the north from where I oriiginally spotted it.My sons first thoughts were that it was either a plane or helicopter. I told him impossible beacuse there was no noise and it hadnt really moved for the past 30 minutes or so.
As soon as I looked thru the binoculars a white orb appeared right under the object and it began to travel to the S,E.. I asked my son if he could see it and he said no. I removed the binocs and all I could see was an occasional really bright flash where it was traveling. I continued to look again thru them for about 20 secs until it was gone.
Coinsidently last Saturday 11/6/2010 I made another MUFON report regarding a daytime sighting of a traveling orb that looked exactly like what I saw last night. The case # is 26461 for that sighting!
Back to the hovering object....my son & I watched it spin,move up and down and side to side. When viewed thru the binocs you could make out a shape but then it would shift, It appeared star like with many points and faceted like a diamond.Sometimes it would look saucer like but on it's side with white spikes coming out of it. It seemed to have a protruding light on it's side which I called a nose.
After watching this with my son for about 15 minutes I called my husband to come up front and take pictures with his new toy a cannon powershot 4000.He took about 10 pics with different settings which I will try to upload. THey came out really good for his first attempt filming at night a non-stationary object.Well after about 30 minutes of this my husband and son were cold tired and bored with it so the went home.
I decided to drive down the highway about a mile to where the object had slowly moved (probably not a good idea for a woman on a lonely country highway chasing a ufo to do).It was now across the street from my friend *(Name deleted--CMS/sg)house. I pulled over the side of the road and called her and told her to go outside and look across the street up in the air, above the trees at the light. She asked me what is that?I told her I don't know but I am coming over.
Armed with my binocullars and *(Name deleted--CMS/sg)with hers we both watched in amazement this brilliant colorful morphing object..She said well thats not a plane, a helicopter,satelite,planet or star, then what is it!? The object was moving upwards and to the north but very very slowly.At times it had a purple halo around it like a black light.After watching it for about 20 or 30 minuutes with her she then noticed a second object that was pulsating! This one was gold, smaller but also star like shaped (like an christmas tree topper with many points).It also made the same movements as the other one.
At about 9pm I decided to call it a night and went home.This am about 5:30 I went back out to our drivways end to see if they were still there but it was overcast. I could see an occasional star peeking thru the clouds ,then I noticed a tiny light moving over head towrds the north. I pointed my flash light at it and bam it lit up like jupiter for about 10 secs then disappeared or cloaked,It was under the cloud cover when traveling north.
Tonight we will go back armed with camera and tripod to see if the objects will still be here.Last Feb we had something similar to this that stayed here for 2 weeks, every night same time same place.My husband thought maybe it was some kind of fixed satelite or station but I think they are not stationary.Anyway this will be our familys 5th report with MUFON in 2 yrs. WE have had other interesting sightings that have not been reported but told to our MUFON invevstigator **(Name deleted--CMS/sg) has visited our ranch out side Austin and witnesed with us unussual activities in our clar clean night sky.My friend ***(Name deleted--CMS/sg) who I met on the MUFON chat board call where I live UFO Alley.....
photo one..notice the orbs...the bright one is the object...The 3 rd object u may need to zoom 200%
we have more photos if interested..I hope I picked the best ones
Sorry for this long report and not so great writting skills:)
