{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-20 15:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488968","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70668","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2817,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/968/mufon-5488968.json","updb_database_id":5488968}
{rjl} a bright flash got my attention' i looked up' a flash then the object appeared and continued floating across the sky slow, quit and striaght.

the date is September 20, 2015, approximate time 3:30 pm. I watch the sky often and this would make my fourth sighting I have experienced. All four sightings were different' but this one was special because I finally got a picture that proves I saw something. Is it a plane I don't know, something else, I don't know.
  Anyways I was working in my yard mid afternoon when I took a break and sat on the swing in my back yard. Im looking at the ground in my back yard checking out a new fire pit I just finished putting in. Then this flash of light from the sky causes me to actually look up into the sky. This flash gets very bright and I can feel the light hitting my eye and then there this white sphere or light is in the sky just floating across the sky. I wear glasses and I am not wearing them at the time but I can tell I never seen anything like this before. about 2 minutes go by when I decide to take a picture. first picture nothing so I take another. got it! not the best pictures but I actually have it in both photos. pictures were taken with my cell phone. NO matter what I saw I have a picture this time to prove Im not crazy. So with that out of my system lets move onto some more facts about that day.
  I have lived in Cleveland Ohio my entire life and Hopkins air port is a part of my life. I see planes all the time in the sky and hear them also. this day was so nice because clear blue sky's and no planes, at all. I didn't see one plane all day. I don't know what I saw, but I feel like I really saw something special. I made a video a couple hours after taking photos to show the quit Cleveland sky and give some reference points if you decide to further investigate this case. is this the one? no, but at least I got a photo to show there was something in the sky this time. 
  thanks for being here, its nice to get this off my chest. this is my fourth sighting and all four where complete different. I don't know how down load photos from my phone to the computer, but as soon as I figure it out I will send the pictures and my video for reference points.
