{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-17 21:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509968","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48446","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2714,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/968/mufon-5509968.json","updb_database_id":5509968}
Large fireball-like object observed from about four miles away from its location. Object appeared significantly larger than an airplane would from one mile away.

I was out in the backyard with my Mother smoking a cigarette and chatting. I had just finished my first beer for the night. Around approximately 9:50PM my Moms eyes went wide, and she stopped me mid sentence by saying something to the effect of "Oh my God, what the f**k is that!".

I turned around, thinking it was a large bug or scorpion behind me, but I saw in the reflection of the window a large glowing object. We both stood up and faced West. The object seemed like it was an airplane on fire, but after a few moments it appeared to be more like a fireball. We watched it for about a minute or less. The object was moving North over Red Rock Canyon. It glided somewhat level or a bit, then seemed to descend over Calico Basin. We lost sight of it after that, being obstructed by homes and trees, and what not.

After a few minutes we decided to travel out to Red Rock Canyon to investigate. On the way up Charleston BLVD, heading west, we saw a helicopter going back and forth over Red Rock Canyon, as if it were doing a sweep of the area.

We made it to Sky Vista DR before we stopped. At that area there was a police cruiser parked alongside a pick-up truck. One of the passengers was talking with the officer, and he seemed to motion his hands North, which was the direction the UFO was heading. I asked the officer if he had seen the object, and he replied "I didn't see anything.".

I told a co-worker about it the next day, and he told me he had been driving on the 215 merging onto Summerlin Parkway at the same time my Mom and I had seen the object. He saw it as well, but described it more as a collection of red lights moving over Red Rock Canyon.

A couple weeks later another lady I work with told me that the parents of her sons friend saw it too, and drove out to Red Rock Canyon as well. She said they stopped and asked an officer on the road about it. The officer apparently told them "...it was nothing, go home."
