{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-23 15:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282968","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120475","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2754,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/968/mufon-5282968.json","updb_database_id":5282968}
One, then two silver/whitish orbs at altitude moving unlike any known craft.

Through sunroof while my wife was shopping for shoes I noticed what I thought was a satellite because of altitude and speed. Then I wondered why it would be visible in daylight so clearly; they’re hard enough to see at night. So it passed in a straight path through where I could no longer see it through the sunroof, I got out of my car in the mall-area parking lot and tried to reaquire it visually. It took a few seconds because it was a very bright day, hardly any clouds. Then I found it again and suddenly it’s flight path changed. It had been going almost straight North from the South, then about 45 degrees above horizon or so it stopped and began moving toward the east. At times it would disappear, then reappear in the same general area. Where before it had been going straight and at the same consistent high speed, it now was moving much more slowly and not in a straight line but sort of zig-zaggy, though not in straight lines. That was when I noticed a second craft completely identical to it behind it in the ske, flying with it but not connected to it because they moved independently sort of up and down. I couldn’t just how far away they were from one another, but it was between 2-3 fingers. They appeared to be playing, for lack of a better word, and one would seem to turn off and on separately, though only very briefly. I took a video from my cell phone knowing it would be crappy so far away and on a bright cloudless day, but I did catch them. On of stillshot that I screw-grabbed and blew up from the video, they’re disctinct. I watched them for about five minutes standing in a very crowded parking lot a couple days before Christmas then went inside the shoe store.
