{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-07-27 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452649","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108989","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7355,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/649/mufon-5452649.json","updb_database_id":5452649}
Latvia - A couple of very bright lights high up, moving the equivalent of a KM instantaneously in differing directions

One evening, at around 0100, July 27th 2019, myself and four other people witnessed a couple of unexplainable craft/orbs high up in the sky. I will try to give a detailed chronological description of what we saw. 

In the late evening, nearing 1am, we were sitting outside the house enjoying a fire and a couple of beers after a nice BBQ. I was with my girlfriend, her older sister, and parents. The house is in a very rural location, with the nearest town around 5-7KM northward. The surrounding area is made up mostly of deep Baltic forest, with a few very small family farms dotting the area.

The sky was extremely clear, and due to the complete lack of light pollution in the area, we were sitting back, just looking up at the stars and identifying constellations. After a few minutes my girlfriend spotted an extremely bright light moving steadily across the sky, from SW to the SE direction. The bright light was high up in the sky, at least 500 metres, it could have been a lot higher up as the sky was extremely clear and it is hard to give an accurate estimation.

At first, we all were of the presumption that it was a satellite, due to the constant speed of the bright light. It clearly wasn’t an aircraft in our opinion. There were no anti-collision lights indicating that the object wasn’t a commercial aircraft, and it was moving at a constant speed slightly slower than expected from a commercial aircraft. 

After around a minute of constant speed and trajectory, the light/object came to a halt, and began hovering in the sky. I quickly went from feeling very confident that the light must have been a satellite, to trying to understand why the object had stopped and was no longer moving. It began to hover in the same spot. Although it’s hard to say, it looked as if the light was hanging perfectly still in the troposphere. There appeared to be not even the slightest of movement. The object stayed hovering for around thirty seconds, before another light of the same nature appeared, right next to it to the East. Up until this point, the original light was bright white in terms of colour, but the lights were now a combination of pulsating blue and white lights. The second light then appeared to ‘loop’ around the original light, which was still stationary in the sky. Although both lights were pulsating white/blue light, the second craft began flashing a strong red light intermittently while the two lights began moving around each-other. The movement of the two lights together lasted for around another thirty seconds.

It was at this point that the second light suddenly disappeared from the sky, as if the light of the second object was suddenly ‘turned off’. We were left still viewing the original light, that was moving smoothly, but appearing to loop within a small area of space. Suddenly, the original light almost instantaneously ‘jumped’ across the night sky, from SE to SW. The speed in which this thing moved a couple of kilometres across the sky was astounding, it was at that moment that our jaws completely dropped to the floor. The light didn’t ‘teleport’ if it were, but I saw the flight trajectory and movement of a couple of kilometres in a single second. The light came to an absolute stop, and was still pulsating a white/blue light. The light began making smaller movements across the sky in an erratic fashion, but with the same precision and ability to make these silent jumps at unimaginable speeds. It was around another thirty seconds from the original first jump across the sky and these erratic movements, until the light made a final miraculous jump away from our field of view in the SE direction from where we viewing, at this point we could no longer see the light.

Some potentially relevant information and what I think we witnessed:

Due to how high in the sky this lights were, my phone was completely unable to pick them up on video. As a previous UFO sceptic, it certainly made me realise how difficult it is to record these events, especially in the pitch black of night.
Although some of us had a couple of beers before the sighting, no one was drunk or remotely intoxicated, we were fully aware of our senses.
Latvia, along with the two other Baltic states of Lithuania and Estonia are home to NATO forces. It is common to see/hear NATO jets flying in the airspace around where we had our sighting. Three days before our sighting, there was a press release stating that two F-35 jets had landed at a Latvian military base for the first time. In the days around the sighting we spotted military jets on a number of occasions moving across the sky, most likely the F-35s in question. Each time, the jets were loud, and absolutely incomparable to the flight speed/behaviour that we observed on the night of the 26th.

I’m from the South-East coast in the UK, and I’m very used to having RAF Eurofighter Typhoons doing training exercises. I’ve been to many airshows and I’m very familiar with the flight capabilities of our most advanced fighter-jets. The behaviour of the lights/craft that we observed was so far from the technology that we possess and was completely at odds with our current understanding of physics and flight. I am 100% certain that what I saw was not an aircraft of human design.
I’ve also spent most of my fairly short life (I’m in my early 20’s) studying the night sky with a fairly powerful Bushnell telescope. I’m familiar with the movement of stars, Mars, Venus, and the rest of our planets. I’ve also tracked satellites, and I’m familiar with differing orbit paths of satellites. I’ve seen comets, astroids and meteors. Up until this night I’d never seen anything in the sky that I couldn’t explain, or anything that broke our understanding of physics/flight.
I’ve also considered the possibility of drones, but again, the movements made were impossible for a drone. Also, I can’t stress just how rural this area is, there’s nothing but a few, usually elderly farmers that live in that huge expanse of forest/fields.
Although I’ve kept a written account of what happened that night, I’m releasing this sighting only now as I’ve just discovered the MUFON community, and I was previously unaware of a way to report what we’d seen.

Finally, I would be interested to hear from anybody that has anything to add to my sighting. Has anybody experienced similar phenomena? Does anyone have any questions regarding my sighting? I’m open to all forms of communication, discussion and questions.

Please direct any questions or input to hwm2497@gmail.com.
