{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-25 18:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497649","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61695","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3043,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/649/mufon-5497649.json","updb_database_id":5497649}
I was outside walking at night, when a bright light shone upon me. I looked up to see the source and saw an eliptical object then it blinked out.

This occurred on November 25th,2014 at around 6:55pm.
 

 I left the house with a flash light, going out to check on the level of the creek because we were having flood warnings and the creek was at the top of its banks from heavy rains. I was standing in the dark, the clouds very low, about 500 ft. It was very quiet with the sounds of the creek water coming to me on the air. Looking south I was moving my flash light from side to side, trying to see the water on the fields more clearly when suddenly a very bright light from the southwesterly sky was upon me. In that instant I was bathed in a brilliant, white light. I could see the colors of my jacket and shirt, even my own right hand holding the flash light out in front of me. I looked up to see where the light was coming from. In a field about 1,500 feet away from where I was, below the clouds, hovering in the air soundlessly was a round object with the bottom pointing toward me so it appeared elliptical. The edges were softly rounded, kind of like a thin inner tube, and except for the edge of the object, the entire bottom was lit up. It was like being in a huge spot light, the beam widening around me, narrower where it came from the object. In half a second the beam of light was shut off and all I saw was the bottom of the object, still lit up. The object never moved but remained stationary. Then half a second later the entire object blinked out leaving me in darkness, except for my flash light that was still on. Dazed, I looked around myself in the night. Then I looked north where the mill lights were reflecting off the bottom of the clouds. About three to five seconds later, beyond the mill and somewhere out in what would have been the horizon on a clear night,I heard a muffled 'boom' and an then extremely brilliant blue light lit up the entire sky from one side of the valley to the other. It appeared as if the mill's lights were briefly turned off during that moment of blue light. Then afterward the mill's lights appeared again as normal and as if nothing had happened. The sound and the brilliant blue light made me think the two were connected. I wondered if something might have crashed and caused the light. Then I thought about what I'd seen above the field. Were all of these things connected with one another?
