{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-01 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459649","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101848","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4089,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/649/mufon-5459649.json","updb_database_id":5459649}
{jpg} humming buzzing noises heard star like lights entered yard which turned into physical form

I was woken up by a humming and buzzing noise sounded like an underground generator or electrical power looked out the windows and cameras and saw all white Christmas lights about 10-25 floating around moving around the yard. I pretend like I was sleeping and watched as these things approached first I thought it was a mamas I saw one put the light almost like a headlamp into the snow and then I watched as they approached more then watched another stand on two legs look around as if someone else was watching it then took off on four legs running backwards. I then still pretended I was sleeping went to the window as if I was tired yawned and looked out both windows like I just was woken up and saw something standing by the tree close to the south window. I then put my flashlight on it and immediately watched the eyes move. It jumped on top of the roof of the house and I laid down below where it jumped wondering if I should shoot, however telepathically I felt it knew where exactly I was and that it did not exactly want to harm me and was testing my behavior, I then called my sister because I thought it was a person at first with the lights but then when I saw it run on four legs instantly changed my mind. What I saw when I was looking almost looked reptilian like an intelligent t-rex smaller but had like antennas coming from the side of its head almost biological looking not man made.. it jumped over the house set the motion lights off several times and would jungle the door knobs. I decided to go outside so I went out and walked to the tree where it was looking in at me and saw nothing but of course I didn’t go directly upto the tree just within about 8-10 feet or so.. I screamed and then went back in the house and didn’t lock the door and coincidentally within 5 minutes was asleep. I don’t know how or why I went to sleep so fast other than the fast I prayed to god and felt whatever it was leave. I watched from inside after going in a light come down from the sky and it hovered thirty seconds so I took pictures . Few hours later I went outside and took pictures the trees were all scratched up and their were footprints all over from all sizes however the one by the tree that I took and a few others looked almost skeleton like.. after all this occurred months later I saw a large ship overhead fly by and where the entity was was a whole bunch of new tree growth which seemed to only be in that spot very weird. This is next to BLM land on the literal boundary line with very few neighbors. I can only say that I have a very good awareness of my surroundings and this house or land seemed to be like a doorway or some type of haunted place never really bothered me. Even as hair raising as that was I don’t get bothered much or get a lot of fear instead it turns into something else. I am very spiritual and I think this was just a way they wanted to communicate
