{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-21 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518649","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38383","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2638,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/649/mufon-5518649.json","updb_database_id":5518649}
Object observed hovering over Austin on May 21, 2012

My husband and I often sit outdoors in the evening and last night shortly after I joined him outside he pointed out an object that he had noticed in the sky. He pointed out an object in the Western Sky about 45 degrees from the horizon that had moved into a position just over the treeline. I told him that I thought that it was Venus but he told me that it wasnt because he saw the object move into the location that it was now visible.

I continued to keep an eye on the object and noticed that it slowly dimmed and could no longer be seen with the naked eye. It stayed dim/off for awhile and then shortly after became bright again. The object was not as bright as Venus but bigger and brighter than any other star in the sky. A couple of airplanes flew overhead and we noticed the object dim again. We were able to see the object through binoculars and couldnt find a defined shape to it but noted that it did not have any strobes nor did it make noise. I took out my HTC Android cellphone and turned on the video recording option. I was able to capture the object on camera as it hovered and dimmed on and off for about 16 minutes. Note that I was able to establish a landmark on video as the neighbors solar path lights were on and can be seen on the bottom left of the footage. The porch light was not on at their home nor is there a street light behind the house.

The total time that we observed the object was 16-18 minutes.

I have 2 recording of the object and have uploaded them to Youtube. The first is 25 sec and the second is a little over 16 mins long.

Note that due to the quality of cellphone recording and the distance of the object that it had to be extremely bright to even show up on the recording at all. You do not see the object distinctly but with my candid narrations you are able to make out what I was able to catch in the footage. I incorrectly stated the date on the footage. The object was indeed observed on Monday, May 21, 2012 between 9:25 and 9:45 p.m. CST.
