{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1964-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500459","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58645","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3585,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/459/mufon-5500459.json","updb_database_id":5500459}
{nd} star that changed direction, then descended with a cloud cover

I was with a friend as we were walking back to a rental cottage in Ocean Grove, NJ around midnight on a Saturday night. It was the Summer of 1964. On a perfectly clear cloudless night, we stopped to gaze at the millions of stars visible near the beach at night. Suddenly our attention went to a single "star" that was moving straight up. Then, it suddenly changed direction and moved straight down. It repeated this a few times. We knew it wasn't a plane because panes don't move like that, and as it was a small as a star, too far away to be a plane anyway. Suddenly a vapor trail began to come out of it- we stood as if glued in place. My friend thought it might be a skywriting plane, but I knew it wasn't because it wasn't writing anything, skywriters don't write at night, and it was too far away to be a small plane. Eventually the vapor trail began to descend. forming a large cloud-like shape. This "cloud" was easily as big as a house- oddly, although we could see the dark night sky through it, we could not see any stars- and we should have been able to see the stars. The rest of the night sky was filled with them. It was as if inside the cloud the stars became invisible. As it got larger, we realized it was getting CLOSER and at that point we heard a strange noise that I can only describe as sounding like hundreds of wheels and gears turning at the same time. The sound jolted us out of our lethargy and we began to run towards home. As we ran, we looked over our shoulders to see the "cloud" following us at about the level of the treetops. There were NO cars on the street- at that time, Ocean Grove did not allow cars in or on its streets from midnight Saturday to midnight Sunday. They actually had village gates that were locked, and no cars were allowed to be parked on the streets either. No lights seemed to be on in any houses, and at that time Ocean Grove had no shops or stores that would be open at night. NO gas stations. No 7-11 or WaWa. There wasn't a soul around. We heard the noise as the cloud followed us- we were laughing and crying at the same time. We were only about 2 blocks from the house we were staying at, so we reached the porch before the cloud reached us. We climbed up the stairs, bursting through the front door, waking my friend's mother and grandmother. Of course, she was upset that we were crying- we told her we had gotten frightened walking home, We went to the room we shared, pulled open the shade and the cloud was right outside the window. Hysterical by this time, we pulled the shade down and stayed up all night. We vowed never to tell anyone in authority (like police, etc) because no one would believe it wasn't just two teenage girls who got scared walking home in the dark. To this day we remember it s clearly as the night it happened. We have lost touch over the years, but every once in a while we reconnect and remind each other about that night.
