{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-31 22:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489459","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70159","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3429,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/459/mufon-5489459.json","updb_database_id":5489459}
{dr}Noticed weird lights moving above me that could not be in the shape of an airlplane.

I walked outside about 10:00pm and glanced up. I noticed 4 single lights positioned as if they were on the corners of a square shape. They stayed concstant, on the whole time. Down the middle of these lights running from front to back was a line of lights, starting at the front and moving very rapidly from front to back, chasing eachother. There was no pause when the last light lit up until the front one came on again. The front one started off white and at the end was red, It seemed as though I saw some blue/green in the middle of the flashing lights but they were moving so fast it was really hard to tell. The object was moving over my home, moving mostly east, but a little north. I would guess it was over 500ft, but under 5000, it is hard to tell without knowing the size of the lights, but I could see the lights clearly. If it was the size of a cessna I would say it was about 12-1500 ft up. It was not moving fast, it was moving slower than a satelite would be when you notice one of them in the sky. I watched it for 35 45 seconds before it went behind the trees. I tried to hear a sound, but could not, I live in a very small town and it was quiet, if it was a small plane or helicopter,I would have easily heard it. What Made me think it was strange was the pattern of lights. With how they were positioned there was no way it could be a regular plane shape unless other lights were not working and others had been added. The lights down the center that chased eachother looked like runway lights, the ones down the center of the landing strip that move very quickly following eachother, but these moved a little faster in my opinion. It was dark out and with the lights shining down towards me I could not see an outline of whatever it was. The lights all appeared to be on the bottom. If there were other lights that may define it as a normal aircraft that I just could not see when it was over me should have been visible when it moved farther away and my angle changed, but I saw none. I told a friend of mine about this that lives about 18 miles away but right in the direction it was traveling if it kept going on that trajectory. He said he noticed weird jet trails in the sky that night. I do not know what I saw, I am not a believer in aliens, but I do not dis-believe either. I am merely sending this in so you have more date and maybe someone else had seen the same shaped craft. As soon as it disappeared from my sight I went inside and drew a sketch so my memory was fresh and would not change from what I really saw. I can supply a copy of that if you request. Another friend of mine, when I told him about it, showed me a pic of a cigar shaped glowing object over a field by his house that he took the week before
