{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-05-12 11:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289459","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113898","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2536,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/459/mufon-5289459.json","updb_database_id":5289459}
When I was a child I witnessed a small craft in my back yard that seemed to follow me playfully

The first sighting was more of an interaction. I was playing in the yard between our old farm house and one of our storage barns. Along came a small silver airplane that was silently flying around the yard. It had a 2’ wingspan and it was playing with me and following me around the yard. I can still See the plane and remember that it matched the silver metal roof of our barn but it was smooth and rounded off. I didn’t feel any threat. After a while it flew away and I ran into the house to tell my mom about it. I have always loved airplanes so my mom just shrugged it off. I should also mention, again, that this was the 70’s so it wasn’t a drone and we were too poor to own any rc toys that my much older brothers could have used as a prank not to mention they were out bailing hay all day and this “craft” was silent.

The other event happened a few years later. The window in my bedroom faced due west. The foot of my bed was at the window so that I could look out at the fields and bluff outside of our house. The far fields ended at a 30-40’ tall bluff that dropped to a creek and a pasture that ran up to our house. On this night I woke up and looked out my window to see 3 bright lights slowly and silently coming over that bluff out of the fields beyond. They were in triangle formation and I remember thinking,” that’s seems kind of late and very quiet for helicopters or planes. “ The lights passed over my house and I fell back asleep. The next day I asked my brothers if they had noticed it but no one had but me. Again my parents shrugged it off.

I never really thought much of it until recent years with all of the sightings of slow moving triangle crafts that have been reported.
