{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-19 11:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460459","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100763","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2487,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/459/mufon-5460459.json","updb_database_id":5460459}
{tjd} Was invisible until upper part entered low clouds.

I was in Bradley International Airport. I saw two helicopters coming from the east. One helicopter drop almost to the ground and looped up again to altitude. I saw a shimmer in the sky behind the chapters. Like a heat mirage. Only it looked like invisible squares. this caught my interest. Thought the copters were dragging a net. I went to the window to watch. I saw nothing but the helicopters. But i felt there was something there. The copters were coming closer to the airport. i was hoping that would come closer. They came closer but started to move toward the north very slightly. as they came over The runway I could the copters were Black no markings. There was a low ceiling that morning. When the copters swung by whatever was behind them appeared in the mist of the cloud. I never saw anything like it . And I think I only saw one quarter of it be cause the rest remaind invisible. It was huge. like a cruise liner. It was drifting north and I was losing sight of it. I went to the next Gate (10). It has a large window facing north. It only took about nine seconds to get there but all I saw was a large black shiney disc surrounded by a perfectly gray circle of mist. Then it was gone. 
When I turned to go back to my Gate (9) I noticed all the passengers for Gates 10 and 12 were in line to board. The doors to the skywalk were closed. There were no attendants at the desk. I looked down the Terminal there was another line of people waiting. I went to the windows to west side. Saw no airplanes moving, landing or taking off. Also no ground crews outside anywhere. Went back to Gate 9. After about another 10 minutes the attendants returned and resumed as if nothing happened. Someone told me when I retuned from my trip that a radio station said that Bradley was closed for a while because of a weather anomaly's.
