{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-13 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505459","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53396","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3622,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/459/mufon-5505459.json","updb_database_id":5505459}
Two seeming craft but defined by lights only no visible edges floating and moving within a small area descending and ascending rapidly at times.

As I walked out of a friends place in the suburb of Hurstville, Sydney Australia, I looked over to the south eastern part of the sky attracted to a red flashing light approximately 45 degrees above land. There were two of them in fact,one slightly higher and further back from the other. Estimated about 8 to 9 Kilometers from my position. At first I immediately thought this was not normal. Perhaps I might have thought helicopter but as I continued to watch it was obviously not. They just appeared to float even though movement occurred by them, but they never moved more than a kilometer either left or right or backward it seemed. The objects stayed for an amazing twenty minutes. Then on the first occasion one moved back at speed then just vanished. I say first occasion because this event took place over the next four nights at exactly the same time,2100hs. The second one appeared for two nights the other nights there was only one. Using Google Maps I worked out quite accurately I believe that this object (lights) were over the water at Kurnell off the Sydney coast line. The lights flashed, blinked and changed rapidly from red, green, yellow, blue, violet and the most amazing richness of the colours was 'mind blowing' and nothing I have ever witnessed. On one occasion a bright yellowish whitish light flared up and went out quickly leaving me speechless. I grabbed my friend who couldn't explain what she was seeing and thought it was not possible to be anything we could name. At this stage, still not quit convinced, I called my brother to describe what I was seeing and as I did an amazing thing happened. A small round white light appeared and started circling the coloured lights. As if that wasn't enough, that light became two out of one as if by magic and I then witnessed two of these small white lights dancing around the coloured lights (object). Conveniently I had binoculars in my car and proceed to use them. The use of them only convinced me more that what I was seeing was not of anything of this world in my opinion. Although, the binoculars did not help to define a shape or physical nature (solid) outline. This event did unfortunately stop after four nights and while I did attempt to film this, my camera unfortunately could not pick this up at that distance in low light conditions. Each night after twenty or so minutes the lights would descend and just fade. I have researched as much as possible to see if anyone else had reported this and I found only two people. One who was driving on a road close to where I saw this and one who was on a pushbike much closer to the object. Neither had provided much detail but had mention the unusual lights. I have found no other explanation for the lights. The nature of their movements and colours and the vanishing acts were something that no 'man made' objects that the general population knows of, could achieve.
