{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-03-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484459","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75371","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4894,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/459/mufon-5484459.json","updb_database_id":5484459}
{rjl} U.F.O. sighting Shinny Silver in color Traveling at Hypersonic Speed Under cloud Grey, under blue sky white. Reflective.

I am a ammature meteorologist with 2 years of college meteorology classes under my belt. I have been fascinated by the weather ever since I was a child. I am a middle aged person who has never seen a U.F.O. in person. I own a CANON Rebel T5i 18 Megapixel camera which takes 1920x1080 High Definition video. I take photos and videos of special weather evens like Blizzards, Tropical Storms, Hurricanes, Lightning, etc... On March 18, 2016 approximately 1 p.m., I was in my backyard shooting video of some swirling clouds due to convectional heating of the ground combined with a straight-line wind ahead of an approaching Nor'Easter which gave us snow on the first day of Spring. I was viewing the clouds through the small Color LCD Display on the back of my camera. While I was shooting the video, I did not notice anything out of the ordinary. When I was done shooting the videos, I came into the house and uploaded the videos onto my MacBook Pro with a 15 inch Retina Display. 

What comes next shocked me to the core. In one of the videos, I watched an unidentified flying object shoot across the screen from the top of the screen to the bottom of the screen. The object did not fly in a perfectly straight line. The flight path turned slightly. At first, I had to logically rule out everything manmade or natural or a malfunction with my equipment.
NOTE: I have taken hundreds of videos of weather events. I can say without question the camera and lens are both in perfect working order and I have never seen any artifacts on any of the videos I have taken with this camera and lens. 
I watched the video over and over and over again. I watched it in normal speed, slow motion, forward and in reverse, and frame by frame and even zoomed into the object by taking snapshots of the frames with the object in it. First, the object was flying a Hypersonic Speed. How do I know this? At the height the object was and how short the time was for the object to go from the top to the bottom of the screen was extraordinarily fast. Faster then anything I have ver seen in my life. Normally, anything flying at even supersonic speed creates a sonic boom and loud engine sound. This object did not make a sound. If I were to make an educated guess of the speed the object was traveling at, I would say it was traveling at least a thousand times faster then a passenger jet. Second, the object was Shinny Silver in color. How do I know this? While the object flew under a cloud, it was dark grey in color. When the object emerged from beneath the cloud and was under a blue sky the object was white. The object turned white because it was reflecting the direct Sunlight. This makes the object shinny silver. While I was recording the video with the object in it, I did not see it with the tiny LCD display on the back of my camera. So, obviously I could not track the object or zoom into the object because I did not even know it was there. If I were looking into the sky with my naked eyes, I would have seen the object fly across the sky.
Now, I consider myself to be a rational, logical person with a lot of skywatching experience due to my fascination and hobby with weather. With my experience, I can safely say what it was not. It was not Ball Lightning, a Meteor, a Shooting Star, a Weather Ballon, a Plane or Jet, a Bird or Insect, a piece of Paper or a Ballon, and it was not an artifact from my camera. That being said, after watching the video and the snapshots of the frames with the object in it, I am positive the object is a true U.F.O. Once I realized this, I was extremely excited that I may actually have for the first time in my life, raw video of a real unidentified flying object. I need to have this video examined by people who really know how to evaluate what I caught on video and that is why I submitted this to MUFON.
