{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-23 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526459","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29230","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3222,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/459/mufon-5526459.json","updb_database_id":5526459}
circular object moving straight line reflecting sunlight off and on leaving no cantrel behind

Was watching thunderstorms too the southeast of wichita , when a ( flash ) caught my eye. I was thinking a jet mustve moved tilted its wing causing a flash against the sun. When i looked at the object it was verry hard too make out because of the distance i was observing, but the first impression i got was ( wait a minute ) i don't see wings. But i passed that thought off thinking i wasnt getting a good view because of the distance involved. I can only guess at the distance but i would estimate the distance at about 4 too 5 miles away at a height of about 20,000 feet.it really stood out in contrast because it was above the thunderstorms which was over 100 miles away, so consequently they wasnt high in the air from my perspective. Also i was observing the object from the 7nth floor of a Hospital. The disc stood out against the blue sky and the Thunderstorm beneath it. So as i continued watching it kept a straight line moving from the southwest too the northeast. As i continued watching i still noticed no wings or tail section, also the most important thing that caught my eye was the fact the object left no Cantrel behind it. sorry for my bad typing. The object continued northeast on a level flight straight. The duration was short but i can say for a certainty A. their was no wings or tailsection. 2. was on no normal flight plan that i have ever seen, even for wichita. 3. was circular and left no cantrel. I have lived in wichita for approxamately 4 years now and have observed the flight patterns for the air force base and civilian as well, and have never seen any planes or anything else fly in that space and especially at that altitude. almost forgot the last part too. The duration i observed was limited to just over a minute is all, unfortunatelly because the Hospital Tower blocked my view so i lost sight of it behind the tallest part of the hospital. Btw i just got my new glasses on 1 week ago and my sight is better than 20/20 so that part was good. I am prior Navy am am officially considered a Expert lookout by the U.S.N. The object was almost impossible too make out at first but as it kind of came my way it became clearer and clearer till i could clearlly see it had no wings and no cantrel behind it. Wish thier was more too report, it was short but interesting. My first feeling was a plane was getting tossed about by the storm, but that quicklly changed as it got nearer and nearer. I suppose that after i realized what it was i was looking at i got curious but at the same time creeped out by it.
