{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-18 23:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288471","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114896","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3653,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/471/mufon-5288471.json","updb_database_id":5288471}
Pulsating white light

On the night of 4/18/21 at 11:40 PM, I looked out of my bedroom window and noticed a twinkling star that looked to be 'bouncing'. I got my phone and started to record the light while stabilizing my phone on the window sill. The light was moving and pulsating with flashes of green, red and blue. It was round-ish but had a small dark spot in the middle. It almost looked like a donut. I recorded it for about 17 minutes then decided to go outside and record it. I was able to locate the light in the same part of the sky as before, stabilized my phone on a small brick wall near our backdoor and began recording again. While recording outside, the object was much blurrier and instead of just pulsating, it would completely disappear in the recording but still be visible to the naked eye. I recorded the object while outside for about ten minutes. Then I got cold and went back into the house. I recorded the object again for another seven minutes once I went inside. It didn't disappear but pulsated as before. I don't know what the reason is for it disappearing from video when I was outside. I suspect it has something to do with the glass in the window. The light moved between two fixed points about 150 yards apart. It was to the North when I first saw it and had moved to the East Northeast part of the sky by the end of the recording. I didn't hear any sounds come from it or hear anything out of the ordinary when I was outside. Later when I looked at the video and zoomed in on the light, it looked like it could be spinning. We've lived in our home for almost six years. It's in a dark sky area and we have a wide, unobstructed view of the sky. My family and I love to watch the stars. We've seen about half of a dozen lights in the sky that we can't explain. This is the first time anything has been reported because I was able to record it. I'm not going to attach the video right now because my husband can be heard snoring in the background. Also, I sound like a psychopath whispering whenever I moved the phone so my movements wouldn't be confused with the light's movements. If I'm able to copy just the video and remove the sound, I'll upload all three videos. For now, I'll upload some screenshots from the videos.
