{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-07-10 09:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494471","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64999","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5184,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/471/mufon-5494471.json","updb_database_id":5494471}
N/A

SPACE TRAVELLING RESEARCH (A true story)

It all happened in 1974. I was twenty years old and by that time I was living in Buenos Aires, where I grew up. I had a friend whose father was a businessman and used to travel around the countryside selling wood at bulk. One day, having returned from one of his trips, he told us he had visited some clients in a very small village (in the Municipality of Ca1uelas, state of Buenos Aires), which was located at a roadside about sixty kilometres from Buenos Aires. On that occasion, he had talked to the local people who made comments about a very special physician. He was curing fatal diseases by treating patients with strange machines and no medicines. We did not pay much attention to that ridiculous and apparent sort of superstition countryside people have. 

Next time my friend's father returned from another trip, he told us he had met a friend of his who was a chemist. This person had visited that strange physician and taken, without being noticed, something from the house. It was a little piece of material that seemed to be like plastic, but which after being analyzed showed to be an unknown material on Earth. From that day on, people who found out about that, started saying all this had to do with aliens from outer space. Now my friend and I were curious for the first time and decided to pay that strange doctor a visit.

We took a bus one evening and arrived at the mentioned village when it was already dark. It was not easy to find the house, for it was out of the village. It took us a little longer to arrive. There was a sign at the entrance of the house warning visitors that it was a scientific property and everybody had to keep away. Every attempt to call the owner1s attention was in vain, nobody answered. When we were about to leave, we could talk to more people who where also coming to find out about that place. Before taking a bus back home, we decided to have something to eat in a nearby restaurant and try to talk to the local people. In fact, they confirmed everything we had heard before, both about that doctor and his peculiar means of treatments. Anyway, we had no option but going back home without having achieved our goal. 
My friend and I were not going to give in so easily. We planned to pay a second visit to that mysterious house. In two weeks we set off again, but this time we did it early in the morning. This way we would enhance our chance to find someone there. 

We arrived at an early hour of a beautiful sunny day and we were lucky this time. As we approached the house, we met a man at the front yard. We called his attention and he inquired what we wanted. When we said we had come to talk for a few minutes and get some information about the doctor who lived there, the man's reaction was completely reluctant. He required us to go away saying he could not help us. We insisted saying we had come a long way from Buenos Aires. We were trying to be very friendly in an attempt to make him sensitive. He looked at us attentively and, after thinking for a while, he accepted to talk. He warned us we could not come into the house and that the talk should be brief, otherwise we would run the risk of being caught by the police or the army, because they had forbidden any visit to the doctor. 

We told him the facts we had heard about that doctor and his particular method. The man looked at us thoughtfully again, then he decided to speak. He explained that they were a group of scientists researching in partnership with aliens from outer space, who collaborated bringing all the equipment needed for their studies. He added that there were thirteen scientific plants like this one all over the world, and that the concern of their studies was travelling in space without fuel by using the space magnetic passages. We asked how they received all that equipment and he said the aliens brought it in their spaceships. After this short explanation, during which he did not seem to be at ease, he asked us to go away. We were satisfied with the information, thanked him and left happily for home. 

We believed in what we heard, mainly because we realized he would have no profit in making up such a story, and besides that fact, it was not so fantastic at all. After some months there was a very short and hidden article in the newspaper saying that that strange house had been cloistered by the authorities. The article added something about local people's beliefs in the miraculous doctor, but the news did not make the story broadly known. After that, the fact was never commented again.
