{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497471","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61887","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5004,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/471/mufon-5497471.json","updb_database_id":5497471}
{nd} Vessel (Long like a ship out of water) appeared to have 3 bays on side, lots of appendages like testing equipment top and bottom

The Land lord shut off our power to our apartment. So we cooked outside until we went to court. I was cleaning up after eating our meal, outside on side of house just outside our kitchen through a sliding glass door. I had just glanced up and saw the biggest thing I ever saw in the sky. It was huge! It was coming at me at an angle. Turning and banking slowly as it turned. I was sure we have nothing on this plant that could be as big as it was, making no noise, and still maintain in the sky. Only a blimp could move slowly and turn like it did, but as I mentioned, this vehicle banked as it turned. Blimps don't! It could't be a decorated blimp or air ship, because it would of been to heavy and it was the size of maybe 100 plus average size blimps. It was ash black in color, with individual panels square-ish and rectangular panels like a jigsaw puzzle. You could see the outline of these panels accompanied with what looked like rivets on each and every panel. There were different colored lights not in any set order, all over the ship. The front of the ship was angled like a classic ship in the water at the bottom front of ship, going just above half way up. Then it went into a aerodynamic 1/2 teardrop(on its side)like cockpit with no windows , but it matched the size of ship. I have a similar ship I found on ufo's I will explain later. The rest of the ship behind the ships forward tear drop cabin had what looked like small building of different sizes. With stacks and pipes that looked like testing equipment with lights of sorts on top and bottom of ship. The bottom not having any building or shacks just different testing equipment i will call them. The sides of the ship looked like it had 3 landing bays. There were dark shadows so you couldn't really see doors or openings. Along the sides there appeared to be windows in odd places, nothing uniformed along the sides of what i would call the door jams of the bays. Not to many windows maybe 15 through out ships side. They looked to be small and square in shape. The bays and jams were the only thing that looked uniformed in spaces. Everything else like windows were just here and there no set pattern. The thing that got me was no noise. It was so quite, not a sound out of place other then the faint sounds of traffic on the nearby freeways and the slight sound of the breeze going through the trees nearby. When I first saw the ship my jaw fell opened the whole time I stared at this ship. I took in everything my mind would allow me to! I felt as if I was in a hypnotic state of wounder. Never had quit that feeling before. Even though it was like 3:00 am in the morning, I wasn't a least bit tired. And as this giant ship was turning like it was going to head towards Travis Air Force Base 13 miles away, just over the mountain top not but 3 miles away. I stopped what I was doing and went into the house and jumped in bed fully clothed and went right to sleep.Another odd thing was my girlfriend was doing something out front or inside the apartment. I should of yelled for her to come look at this ship. But it was like I couldn't speak. Fortunately my girlfriend was seeing the same thing as I did out front. She experienced the same feelings. The next morning we exchanged what we both saw. This ship had no blinking lights of any kind. With the air base so close, there was no jets scambleing or anything I know of. The ship looked like it was something out of battle star gallaxia. I checked all over for air shows all over USA and Hollywood. Couldn't find anything to support this ship! If you look under ufo's listed as Russia sept of 2012 you will find a long ship over the city video. The ship was same size but it has what looks like a turret underneath ship and no bays on its side. Plus this is brown in color and the audio is really distorted and loud as it disappears through the clouds. I was so happy to find the video because it somewhat supported what I saw back in July of 1994. I just had to report this true event. It's been hanging over my head for so long as it's 20 years later as it's 2014. Mufon has my full cooperation in any of these facts I have posted. I would love to tell them this story first hand. My ex girlfriend (now living on opposite coast) would do so also.
