{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-16 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474471","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85857","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2746,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/471/mufon-5474471.json","updb_database_id":5474471}
{dr}Resembled a fireball

I was sitting in my room and noticed something brighter than usual in the sky. Nothing like a plane or helicopter. It was stationary. Just there in the sky not moving. To better describe what I saw it resembled a fireball. The day before I've seen a better view of what I seen that night. It was the day before at around 5-6 pm when the sun was setting. There were two of these fireball objects and it appeared out of no where. The two objects that resembled a fireball was also stationary and right next to each other. I got up off my stoop to get a better look at it both started to dim down one after another. Next thing you know it vanished right in front of my eyes. I knew it what I was witnessing was out of earth, literally. However, when they appeared like they disappeared, they didn't ! Instead, the two objects turned into two shadow in the sky like they tried to disguise themselves. So now the two fireballs were two shadow objects hovering in the sky. In a matter of seconds, these objects was moving so slow but so fast over my house. I can't explain it. They weren't moving fast but they were. They were pretty high in he sky than in seconds they were so close to my house hovering passed the house. So now Iwherebim standing they are hovering over my head and so I looked up to get a better look at what these objects were. Kid you not my eyes couldn't even register it. Like it was 3D. It was like a cartoon in the sky. It couldn't be fro this dimension. My eyes refused to register what it was. I know I may not be explained what I've seen that day in the best detail but I wanted to share an experience. I have 2 videos of what I seen again but it was at night at was further away. Sorry about the quality of he video but this is as best of footage I could've captured that night. If you look closely you could see a second one. It too far away from it (far right).
