{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-02-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504471","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54419","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2703,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/471/mufon-5504471.json","updb_database_id":5504471}
{nd} 2 invisibly connected red lights camera flashes

My stepdad at the time my brother and myself were headed from our house just west of Houston Missouri to my mothers work on b hwy toward raymondville one evening after supper. As we were driving along I just happened to notice 2 red lights moving high in the evening sky february so already dark. I thought they were planes but the lights were not flashing and the odd part was that when one would move the other would also like they were connected but looked quite a ways apart. We arrived at my mothers work and went in for 30 mins and then I went out to wait at the car to head home and then I saw the lights again coming back toward Houston from raymondville direction. I went and told my step dad and brother and we hopped in the car and followed best we could and as we got into Houston thought it may be headed to airport so we went back way round as our house was close to airport , as we did we lost sight of the lights and travelled down airport road to see if it may have been a plane but nothing. We decided to go home but when we came up to the intersection of Hawthorne and airport road hovered the two red lights at tree height. We pulled into the church parking lot and I jumped out as did they I walked out into the parking lot and a faint red light appeared to make a triangle no sound no wind nothing. Then camera flashes from within the 3 lights 15 to 20 seconds of flashes then the top light faded out the two original lights started up hawthorn st and I ran to the street to watch and when they got to the next street it shot into the sky at light speed with no streak or tracer. Shocked we jumped in the car and headed to house I immediately ran up onto the roof and there on the horizon were two red lights being followed by a recognizable aircraft. I watched until i couldn't see them any longer and stayed a long while with no other sighting. I went to the airport the next day and talked to a pilot to see if anyone had mentioned anything and he said he had heard of nothing. I was 16 at the time and remember it like it was yesterday.
