{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1955-07-01 02:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492471","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67066","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3227,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/471/mufon-5492471.json","updb_database_id":5492471}
{rjl} Prominent in height upon approach, length well covered BOTH sides of Pearl River. Wide bright beam shone on river

My dad and my grandfather were boating along Pearl River banks, hunting frogs. Grandfather looks down river and sees a bright wide light beam shining on river and the light is coming from a HUGE object, flying just above treetop level. The object is long enough to well cover both sides of the river and it's slowly heading their way. 

This thing doesn't make any engine noise or plane / helicopter rotor noise; it is totally silent but clearly under some control and steady speed, moving very slowly. 

Dad and grandfather manage to hide their boat behind a heavy low hanging tree branches just along river bank, where they're getting a good look at the UFO as it flies directly over them. Grandfather shut his eyes; he was very scared, and began whispering the Lord's prayer. Dad, however, tried to see all he could of this UFO. He recalled seeing barely inside the opening of the craft that projected the blinding white light; his impression was the UFO was searching INSIDE the river for something. He wasn't able to distinguish the source of the intensely bright light shining down upon them and the river, other than it covered nearly a large square area of the river.

Dad isn't sure to this day, being that this all happened many years ago, but he seems to feel that the natural sounds of the outdoors suddenly ceased as the UFO glided over them--only to hear them again, when the craft moved away from them.

Once the object had moved down river and away from them, grandfather and dad got the boat out, started the boat engine and sped scared away from the UFO--which they looked behind them, to make sure it wasn't coming back. Dad said the object didn't whoosh away up into space; it remained on it's slow course, as they made distance away from it.

What my dad didn't know: My grandmother, back in 1977, told me this very same account,as told her by my grandfather when they got back; he never spoke of it again. She recalled how scared he was and how excited dad had been. She also told me that the one time, a couple of years later, she tried to discuss the UFO sighting-- my grandfather quickly became angrily upset, demanding nothing more ever was spoken about it.

If deemed fit for further MUFON investigation, I'd have to ask dad if he would be willing to himself speak to an investigator. My cellphone number is the perferred way to contact me.

This is not the only UFO sighting my father claims: There are two others, but I'm not clear enough of the details to discuss them here.
