{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-12-22 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521471","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34780","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2651,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/471/mufon-5521471.json","updb_database_id":5521471}
One big bright obejct splitting into 3 smaller starlike ones

Right after a Christmas Party at school some of us were leaving, just a few friends and me stayed longer. We sat down to the ground. They started to talk, while I've focused on this beautiful night sky. I remember this night as it was yesterday. I've always watched the sky and I am into Astrophysics since I'm alive. I know the nightsky and am easily able to tell what lights are stars, which ones are satellites, aircrafts, etc. 

I saw a bright light. First I thought it was a satellite, but it was even brighter than those I've seen before. It hasn't moved at all and there wasn't any sound. I kept focusing on that light. I just wanted to know where it came from and what it was. Suddenly it started to get brighter, maybe thicker. I started to feel strange. I coulnd't think anything. There was something like a compression in my ears. It didn't hurt and I didn't feel uncomfortable at all. I tried to turn over to my friends, but I couldn't. It felt like anything wanted me to watch. Maybe it was myself, somehow. So I kept looking. 

This bright object suddenly splitted into 3 smaller starlike ones. They were obviously taking positions. After a few seconds it seemed like they'd reached the final form. It was a triangle. I can not tell, if it was one big objects or 3 small ones. I prefer saying it were multiple objects. They abruptly flew away with such high speed, that I'm totally sure, that this thing, whatever it was, wasn't human technology.

After this encounter, I sat up and took a look at my friends. They were sitting about 3 meters far away on a bench. I asked them if they saw the sky and a big bright 'star'. They negated and told me they were inside for about 2 minutes and have told me that before. I can't remember, I couldn't here them.

It was one of my strangest encounters and though it's been a few years since that night, I remember everything very clearly. I have never told anyone before. I hope that someday I might get an answer for all these things I've seen.
