{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-03-12 02:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457471","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104101","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7891,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/471/mufon-5457471.json","updb_database_id":5457471}
{rjl} ATC control tower reported vehicle at end of runway 03. Desk Sgt. dispatched 1 patrol. Due to loss of contact several patrols dispatched.

Event occurred approximately 0245 hrs 12 March 1975, Charleston AFB, SC. (I was a Cop in the USAF at the time ). At the time I was not on patrol duty but working an administrative position whereby I processed all traffic tickets issued on-base...and all incidents/reports.  I also reviewed the previous 24 hrs of incidents on base every morning and then hand-delivered a copy of the previous 24 hours report to the Wing Commander at 0700 sharp almost every day.  I arrived at the 437th SPS ( Security Police Squadron ) Law Enforcement building where I worked at 0645. The Wing Commander was in MY building...as was my Commander...and my immediate supervisor... Also, 7 cops from the midnight shift were STILL there... just sitting there looking scared. They were waiting for me. My Supervisor grabbed me and we went to my desk and he told me this was TOP SECRET and to keep my mouth shut. He gave me the Blotter ( AF Form 53 ) and said I was to re-type it...and delete all references to the UFO incident. He would dictate what I would type...and the Desk Sgt/Flight Chief from midnight shift WOULD sign it or else... When I read it I kept saying: " Oh Shit, Oh Shit ! " and my Supervisor said "EXACTLY". This info was NEVER intended to be made public. Anyway, I retyped it as ordered.  We gave it to the Desk Sgt/Flight Chief from the midnight shift who signed it and it became a legal, lawful USAF document. The Wing Commander and everyone was happy. The original reports (and all copies ) the 7 cops and 2 ATC Controllers wrote ( reported on DD Form 1569 Incident/Complaint Reports...Statement of Witnesses) were destroyed by burning by myself and my Supervisor ... as was the original Security Police Desk Blotter ( AF Form 53 ) with the detailed UFO incident.  Someone decided my typewriter ribbon was also to be burned...and so it was. The 7 cops were told ( as was I ) if we EVER spoke about this we all would be in deep " Kimchi " (word used by my Supervisor)...which we cops understood to mean transferred to Thule, Greenland...or Shemya, Alaska or some other remote location. I understood the 2 ATC Controllers were also told the same thing. We all signed something saying we were given a “ Direct Order “ to NOT talk about the incident. 
              THIS IS WHAT HAPPENED: Approx. 0245 hrs the ATC control tower reported "lights" at the end of one of the runways (Runway 03)...near the woods towards Dorchester Road. Law Enforcement Desk Sgt dispatch one (1) patrol. Code 1. Control Tower called back asking why no patrol was dispatched. Desk Sgt tried to radio the Patrol...no answer. 2nd patrol dispatched Code 2...and as he approaches end of runway lights on his cop car go out. Control Tower calls on hotline again. Something still on runway....why did patrol stop ? Desk Sgt radioed 2nd patrol and nothing heard... 3rd patrol and Supervisor dispatched Code 3...and as they approach end of runway their lights go out. There are now 4 cop cars and 4 cops out there but we can't radio them....tower can NOT see them...but says there is a vehicle with strange lights STILL on end of runway. Almost every cop on base now dispatched. The SAT ( 3 man quick response team with heavier weapons) also dispatched. As everyone is now going Code 3 to the end of Runway 03 ( by going DOWN the runway now instead of around ) a saucer-shaped classic UFO object gently rose up; slow at first...(spinning lights and NO NOISE or SOUND WHATSOEVER ) then like a missile it goes like a bat out of Hell and disappears STRAIGHT UP. Base operations contacted Shaw AFB in Myrtle Beach (90 miles away) and they dispatched 2 on-alert F-106 Deltas and upon their arrival they found NOTHING…..their radar scopes were clear. The UFO climbed so rapidly it was off the radar at ATC within a few SECONDS.  I was told later the speed of the object as it ascended was approximately 12,000 MPH.  ALL OF OUR COP VEHICLES THEN STARTED UP ON THEIR OWN...THEIR LIGHTS AND SIRENS STARTED...AND THEIR RADIOS NOW WORKED. The USAF decided this never really happened. By USAF I learned to mean the Pentagon Operations Center.  I was told the F-106s were credited with a night time " training flight " . AT FIRST, all cops were told to prepare their reports EXACTLY as they experienced the incident...as was the ATC control tower operators. That all changed sometime between about 3:30 am and when I arrived at 6:45 am. I read all of their statements BEFORE they were destroyed. They were all similar...with very minor differences...most differences due to time they arrived on scene and what they saw...and for how long.  All agreed the UFO was about 100 feet in diameter...and the cops were about 150-200 feet away from the UFO at all times.  No one approached the UFO at any time. No type of communication was initiated by the cops...nor by the UFO.  Some cops observed the UFO for almost 30 minutes...others for only a few minutes. The 2 ATC controllers saw the UFO the longest.  It should be noted my Supervisor and myself were ORDERED to destroy all original documents...and we did.  I spoke to the cops individually over the next week and they ALL related the same story...just as related here. I knew these police officers...was on patrol with these guys... and trusted them with my life. They all claimed this happened just as I read it and they reported it.  What struck me as odd was the cops involved were SCARED……and they had either .38s or M16s for protection.  A chance encounter with a retired USAF cop in December 2018 during a visit to Charleston AFB made me rethink my silence. Although I did NOT see the craft with my own eyes...and was only involved in the "cover-up" I would find it incredible to believe 7 cops and 2 military ATC Controllers would have come together to plan, organize and execute a flawless fraud/hoax in this case. The cover-up that occurred afterwards and the lack of an investigation as to the circumstances of the UFO sighting proved the incident occurred as reported. It should be noted there were NO INVESTIGATIONS by the AFOSI or our own 437SPS Investigations Section of the police officers or the ATC Controllers involved in the sighting. Had ANYONE really believed this was a planned hoax one would have expected either AFOSI or the 437th SP Investigations Section...or both...would have opened an investigation. No investigation was EVER opened.  No one openly talked about this incident.  I understand the incident occurred over 44 years ago but believe the event should be in CMS for data and historical purposes. It should also be noted Jim Penniston and I have discussed this event several times ( both of us were USAF cops) and he has never heard of the incident. He has his ear to the ground with hopes ( as do I ) one of the cops who actually witnessed the event with their own eyes will some day come forward and make a report. For years I scoured the Web for ANY reference to this incident and could find none...except those of Bill Herrmann.  However, it should be noted Bill Herrmann started having his sightings and experiences at the Charleston AFB area not too long after this incident.
