{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-08 22:46:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292471","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110851","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3113,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/471/mufon-5292471.json","updb_database_id":5292471}
Orange Orbs Flying Over Palm Beach County

Opened front door at 10:49pm. I am in Palm Beach Country and was facing North. Saw orange fiery object to the Northeast. This is the same line as SpaceX, so my initial thoughts were a rocket ship going up, but when I realized the object was flying towards me I knew something was up. I called my wife to the door. 

The UFO looked like a ball of fire, spherical in shape. A second appeared, came from the same spot as the first. Both UFOs traveled in a Southwest pattern towards my house, then changed direction to a western pattern. 

The altitudes did not change, I would say they were about 1000 feet from the ground. 

The first one disappeared in a Northwest direction from my house (remember they started Northeast). I told my wife to go grab our phones which she did.

I tried to get it on video, but the second one disappeared in the same exact spot as the first. 

She then screamed out that there are 2 more. These were in the same point of origin the first 2 stared, Northeast of me. They followed a similar path as the first 2, except they got much closer to our house. So close my wife cut her video early in fear. I was scared, but kept recording, and the 2 orbs redirected in the same path as the first 2 and then each sequentially disappeared in the same exact spot as the first 2.

Each orb traveled about 15 miles in my opinion at about 250mph.

I believe the second 2 got closer to us to either check us out, scare us or signal to us that they know we are watching. I think the reason they all disappeared in the same exact spot is that it was some sort of launch point for their ships to leave Earth.

I posted a couple videos, but they do not do it justice. These objects were moving quite fast and much larger and more orange than in the videos portray. I posted one that I took from a Note8 (longer vid) and another from my wife's iPhone X (shorter one)
First time I've ever seen anything like this, definitely life changing and exciting stuff. Would love to hear anyone else's thoughts, experiences with similar sightings.
