{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-16 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496471","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62924","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4353,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/471/mufon-5496471.json","updb_database_id":5496471}
{cak} Very clear and large. No sound. straight flight path.

I was in my attic office of my house and I was not allowed to smoke cigarettes in the house, but I used to stick my head out of the window and smoke cigarettes. I had to pick my wife up from the airport and her flight was arriving at about 11:55pm. I have never told anyone about this, but I can pinpoint the exact date and approximate time because I can view my wife's itinerary by a simple search of my email history. I was sneaking a cigarette because I was stressed about her arrival and I wanted a smoke before I had to wake out daughter up and drive into Boston (this is only a 15 minute drive at this late hour). I was awake and alert and what I saw was so clear and realistic, that it was incredibly off putting. It was unreal. I was seeing it, but I simultaneously could not believe what I was seeing. Now, I've always believed that UFOs are real, but I couldn't believe what I was seeing. 

Another reason It seemed "unreal" was that this object was not what I would have ever expected to see whenever I would imagine seeing a UFO. The best way I could describe it is a flying disk that I might see in a 1950s science fiction movie. It was a green flying saucer, larger on the bottom than it was on top, with three circles on the topmost section, not windows, but in a child's drawing what would be windows. It was completely silent and made no movements. 

My first thought was that this was a child's remote control aircraft, like a little toy UFO with a hidden propeller. After all, there is a park and playground in the elementary school park across the street (Clarke elementary). However, in the view, looking out my window and to the right, has two trees, less than 20 feet apart from one another, with the nearest tree probably 50 feet from my house. This object passed behind both of these trees, and this is when I was able to gain some reference as to the size of this object, based my distance from these trees and the size of the object as it passed behind these trees. 

I wanted to grab my crappy cell phone and take a photo, but I was afraid that by the time I grabbed my phone that this object would have passed behind the houses and would be out of site for good. I decided instead to continue watching it until it was out of sight, as it moved south behind the houses on my block (for reference, I was looking West up Norfolk Ave and the object was moving perpendicular to me, heading south or southwest). 

My wife and I were not on good terms at the time and I felt as though I would sound crazy if I told her about it. Further, at the time we were planning on getting divorced. I didn't want her using this sighting against me. Full disclosure, I smoke pot and I drink regularly (not getting drunk, but 2-4 drinks in a night is not unusual for me). While I might have had a drink or two that night (I cannot recall), I most likely had smoked pot that night. That said, in 25 years of smoking marijuana, I have never hallucinated before or after this sighting.

When I hear about sightings on TV or in books, it never occurred to me who these people call when they have seen something. I knew I saw something, and I thought about reporting the sighting, but I had no idea who to call. I did not know about MUFON. I am 100% confident about what I saw. I have no doubt. I think about this evening very often. My hopes in reporting this event is that you will look at the date and time of this sighting and be able to match it with someone else's report on the same date and around the same time. The only thing that I can imagine as a rational explanation of what I saw is if there was a company flying a cheesy UFO blimp in my neighborhood, which I doubt.
