{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-01 01:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480471","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79588","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2910,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/471/mufon-5480471.json","updb_database_id":5480471}
{nd} A huge golden pyramid of light appeared to be lowering from the sky, Disintegrated before touching down

I spent seven hours on location Friday night, October 1st, to prepare for the National Ghost Hunt put on by Brian Cano. I left there a little after 1:00 a.m. As I was heading home which is about eight miles away. I looked down at my clock in my car at the time, it was 1:11, when I looked back up I saw a HUGE pyramid of golden light in the sky, it was like shimmering light bars forming the pyramid, it did have sides and a bottom. I was in such awe that I slowed down to probably 5 miles an hour and watched it as it seemed to be lowering and looked like it would touch earth, I kept watching for what seemed to be a long time but was probably less than two minutes. As it got close to earth it started to just dissipate and was gone, somehow disappeared. As this was happening it felt like an energy charge was going through me, I could feel my hair standing up and my ears were ringing very loudly from the buzzing noise. It didn't appear to be solid except for the bottom of it and it seemed to be about ten miles wide, it's hard to be sure of how big this really was. Sadly it never dawned on me to take a picture because I was so shocked and watching so intently. Even though it went through my mind that this could be the end of my life I didn't really feel fear, but a lot of energy, shock, and excitement. I honestly don't remember much about my drive home after seeing it, I do remember that once I got home I stood in my driveway looking at the sky for a few minutes and thinking that I had to tell someone as soon as possible. I went into my house and sent a facebook message to a team member of mine, Beth, and now looking at the message I see that it was 2:19 a.m. when I sent it. That's and hour and eight minutes from the time I saw the pyramid, I was only about five miles or so from home when it appeared. I had no idea that there was such a time span. I talked to her until 2:42 a.m. then spent most of the night pacing and trying to make sense of what I saw, I was in and out of my house looking at the sky. Today is Tuesday and I still hear the buzzing in my ears a little and feeling off balance and in a bit of a fog. I feel like I'm becoming obsessed with needing to know what I saw.
