{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501938","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57088","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4682,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/938/mufon-5501938.json","updb_database_id":5501938}
{dr}Same 2 UFOs in 2 different locations, photographed by 2 friends without the others knowledge

Sighting occurred around 8 pm - (Estimate) Walked out the back door to water the garden. Possibly glanced at sky due to brightly colored sunset. Immediately saw the large UFO pulling up/forming behind the tree. Laughed it off as clouds with sunset reflection because I continuously watch lenticular clouds form & dissipate in that exact spot. As I walked toward the garden, I noticed a second UFO nestled above 2 mountains further away. That's when I really started to pay attention and focus on what was really happening right in front of my eyes.
I began to alternate between watering the garden, caring for animals, watching with my naked eye, taking photos and recording video. The sighting went on for an extended period of time. Time stamps on my phone will reveal the true elapsed time. I was lost in the experience, but it felt like 30+ minutes to me.
There were multiple crafts in various stages of mist/solids during the duration of my sighting. I knew exactly what I was looking at once I was able to view it from multiple locations in my yard. After a brief sighting in Phoenix, AZ a few years ago I began to do hobby level research on topics related to unexplained phenomenon, so I'd seen photos of (cloud cloaked UFOs?).
I knew I was witnessing something amazing. I remember hearing the town bustling around me and thinking "is nobody else looking up?" I called my boyfriend out and he stayed on the porch for a few minutes viewing them, but eventually lost interest and returned to his movie. The movements were slow & subtle like morphing (for lack of a better term) so you really had to keep your eyes on it to see the progression of the physical alterations.
Only after I went indoors and viewed multiple photos and videos that I captured, did I realize that I could actually see many of the details/movement that I had witnessed with my naked eye. Excited, I posted my sighting to Facebook. Almost immediately an aquaintance/Facebook friend started to ask questions and share her photographs of the exact same UFOs over Indigo, CA. Her sighting occurred several weeks earlier. It was at this point that I realized the gravity of what we had captured. Individually, our sightings are much like many others. Together however, they tell a story that's far more difficult to dismiss. 
I'd rather not describe the encounter in to much detail. I want to stick to simple facts so the pertinent details remain clear to me. Bottom line - I know what I saw was not clouds. It was in the clouds, but entirely separate from them. It almost seemed to use and/or effect the atmosphere/clouds around it.
As I'm writing this my neighbor arrived, telling me that she and her daughter witnessed it as well and captured photos on her phone. They will send me some.
I'm not tech savvy, so I'll do my best to send some images that I captured. Be aware that there is much more. I lost sight of the UFOs as darkness fell. The last thing I witnessed was a disc UFO arrive over the mountains behind me.
