{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-11-17 06:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463938","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96973","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4971,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/938/mufon-5463938.json","updb_database_id":5463938}
{cak} I wokeup kicking my legs, they disappeared, I jumped from my bed and opened front entry door to see their craft

I don't sleep well, but am in bed 10 to 12 hrs a night (health issues) I had just gone to bed at appx. 2:30 AM. I did not feel like I fell I asleep; suddenly I felt I was being held by my ankles, I opened my eyes and I was kicking my feet but my feet where 2-3 feet in the air above my bed. For less than one second I saw two beings, large heads, big dark almond shaped eyes, no discernible noses, small mouths, no ears, tall, appx 5'10 - 6 ft tall, very slender, and extremely slender, long arms, hands displayed 4 fingers, very thin, slightly larger in what would be knuckle areas of mid and end of fingers. Each holding or trying to hold each of my ankles. My eyes fully opened, I was terrified, I saw them and they saw me looking at them, in a millisecond, the aliens literally became invisible, a very rapid fade out to invisible. I laid there in my bed for a few seconds trying to make sense of what had happened, I heard a strange noise coming from my bathroom, I knew it was my cat but she had never made that sound before. As I entered the bathroom, I turned on the light and she stopped yowling.She was cornered in the bathtub. (she has NEVER entered the bathtub) The shower curtain was closed. I spoke to her, she jumped from the tub running past me and hid under the couch in the living room. Something told me to open the front door, like a voice in my head, I opened the entry door to my apt. through the storm door I saw a very bright light in the sky, I then opened the storm door, It was the size of a Softball in the sky at what I estimate at appx a mile in distance from me, between 5 and Seven hundred feet above the ground. I ran back to my room and grabbed my binoculars and back to my door, I could see it very well but it was very bright and it was getting smaller moving away from me, it looked similar to a Mayan/Incan Sun icon, Circular but with quadrangle ends pointing out in 4 directions, the corner of each quadrangle touching the end of each adjacent to it . Essentially a cross superimposed over a circle, very fine parallel lines could be seen in each section of the quadrangles, pointing away from the brighter glowing center. As I watched it began to change shape/form like a random oscillation of the orb like center and the quadrangles could no longer be seen when it changed form. I ran back to my room and grabbed my cell phone, (Samsung Galaxy S8) as I returned to the door, I tried to take a "quick shot" the flash went off and the object then seemed to be moving away very fast, but straight away from me. I began to try to record the object, but as I tried to set it to record it only took pictures, my hands/body were shaking at it was very cold, as I was in my underwear, with no slippers or shirt on, and still quite overwhelmed. As I pressed the icon to record my phone took a few pictures with flash and without the flash, I struggled to try to take some pictures through my binoculars, but I was shaking to much for that to be effective, I finally held the button down correctly to record and managed to get one short video before my phone went completely dead without warning. I finally turned it back on and tried to take more pictures before the object disappeared, straight away from me in a millisecond or less. I looked at my phone and it was almost 6:30 AM, I was exhausted and was unable to go to back to bed. The cat spent 2 weeks under the couch and will not go back in the bathroom (location of the litter box). I have told no one about what happened.
