{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490938","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68636","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3066,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/938/mufon-5490938.json","updb_database_id":5490938}
{jpg} Life changing Crafter beams.

I was baby sitting my grandson at my son-inlaw's trailer in Mt pleasant pa (about 5 minutes from kecksburgh crash site). It was around 11 pm . I was outside smoking and looking up at the stars as usual. I had my cell phone and was taking pictures of scenery when I noticed something blinking in the sky. I it kept getting brighter. It seemed like it was changing color but was hard to tell because of its place in the sky. I took out my cell phone and kept photographing it. went back inside to check the baby.I sat for a bit and was examining the photos. To ky suprise it was a disc shape object changing and morphing into small red, green, blue, white and silver orbs. which i have both video and photographic evidence. so after about an hour or two I went back outside to look and see if it was still there. i looked at the postion that it was in and it was gone.I then used the phone camera to see if i could see it somewhere else the sky. looking through the camera i panned the sky and turning to my right the trailer was in view. OMG I saw a craft hovering over the trailer about 20 feet above and a golden beam coming out from underneath it. Ithen looked with the naked eye and it was gone. I looked through the phone again and it was still there. after several times of doing this I had come to the conclusion that i couldnt see it with the naked eye but through the camera alone. The beam coming out of it had multiple silver orbs either being emitted or retrieving them. the craft was dull silver but I could see that with the naked eye but not the beam. The timing was really weird.I dnt know how long i was examing what i was seeing but found out later that it had been about 2 more hours had gone past. it was hovering all thattime and just disappeared like nothing ....like in a blink of an eye. i can describe it better in person. After this experience i posted it online to a friend....the pics and videos of both the orb changing colrs and the craft and beam. and after i did.... my life has beeen altered. i cant have an email...every phone that i purchase will not work properly as if my calls and msgs are being diverted to another number, i havent had an email or phone since then. only a land line and it is affected as well.but need that for emergency. if someone gets in touch with me i have photos and video of both incidents. thanks for your time.... love and light

[moved to investigator section/CMS/jpg]
