{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1987-08-01 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488938","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70699","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3002,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/938/mufon-5488938.json","updb_database_id":5488938}
small white square in trees. then appeared as large white square in front of me.

In late summer of 1987, myself and a close friend were out driving around the local area. I had recently passed my driving test and so took every opportunity to drive around. At around 10pm on the night in question, we drove along a little dirt track which lead to a scrap yard. Either side of the narrow potholed track was a drainage ditch and mature trees which formed a tree tunnel. It was quite dark at the time as there were very few street lights. We drove carefully along the track for approximately 300 to 400 meters. This was when we both noticed the object. It appeared to be at the top of the tree tunnel (approximately 20 to 30ft above the ground) and about 20ft ahead of us. As soon as we saw it, we stopped the car to look at it. It appeared the size of a small television (around 3ft x 3ft) but totally square. It was pure white light with perfect right angled corners. No light was reflected from it into anything at all. We watched for approx 30 seconds when it suddenly disappeared. To describe how, I would say like an old fashioned television being turned off where the light disappears from the outside first and eventually leaves just a small white dot in the middle before disappearing altogether. When this happened, my friend and I just looked at each other as if to ask if we both really saw what just happened. Hardly more than 2 to 3 seconds later, the white square reappeared directly in front of my car (about 5ft in front of it) with the bottom edge where I would imagine e the ground to be. Basically what I'm saying is it was at ground level. But this time it was 20 to 30ft square. We both screamed in what I guess was fear and I immediately put the car into reverse and retreated back along the track as fast as I dared (which wasn't very fast as I feared that the car may go off the track and end up in a drainage ditch). We left the scene and returned at around 9am the following morning to see if there was any rational explanation. We found absolutely nothing to suggest any rational explanation. 
I have reported this once before around 8 year ago to Yahoo answers but all I received in return were questions about what drugs I was taking at the time which I found quite insulting. I was 18 years old, never drank alcohol and never touched any drugs of any kind and neither did my friend.
