{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-04 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500938","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58142","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3004,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/938/mufon-5500938.json","updb_database_id":5500938}
{cak} July 4th red lights in the sky

I haven't seen these lights in a couple months. I honestly get a bit excited, as well as a little freaked out. I've only seen these same lights 3 times before. This July 4th being the 4th time, go figure. And as I've said before, it has to be more than a coincidence that I wasn't the only one seeing these lights around New Years, in other states as well. Thought I was going crazy. 

I was in the car with my mom and my sister, since we were coming back from fireworks. It was quite cloudy that night since it had been raining a lot the previous day, and it was smoky from all the fireworks being shot off. I noticed while looking out the window, even with it being very not visible in the sky, the same lights that I have seen before. At first I brushed it off because it could have been a spark from the firework debris. I shouted "Look, it's the "alien lights" again". My sister never believed me when I would describe these strange lights in the sky. She started saying "Holy crap, those are not normal lights". I can brush these off and say, maybe they are lanterns. But I don't think this is the case with these sky lights.

It's a hard street/road to park on, so we stopped on the side and I did my best to not move around a lot with my digital camera. Thanking my lucky starts I had it with me this time. It was noisy from traffic and popping sounds of fireworks, but you never hear anything in the sky from these things. They're always in a vertical row, not always one beneath the other in perfect formation, but this group was in a formation pretty much. What I did noticed while looking at my video footage was the 2 of the lights zoom to the right and just disappears. My sister said she also saw another light come out and drop down then hovered in place.

When I recorded the last one, because the rest disappeared, it glowed then vanished. Whenever I zoom in and try to it again, it's nowhere to be found.
