{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-03-24 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477268","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82892","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3478,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/268/mufon-5477268.json","updb_database_id":5477268}
{jpg} multiple events over years, have pic of entity, posessed at ER, anal/nasal bleeding, scoop marks

This is my second case report; the 1st was a video clip we tried to record of fleet of orange crafts over our apt building during fireworks on 7/3/16.

 I was 1st a victim of sleep paralysis over a year or so, Last incident of that happened while I was inpatient at a Butler Hospital psych ward seeking help for the ongoing problem, when I finally saw a humanoid with an insectoid looking head, Something like a man/praying mantis I suppose. it climbed on top of my chest and crouched there face to face for a minute or so I suppose before it faded away. Then, When I was finally able to move, I reported what I'd seen to the nurses station immediately. I was totally freaked out at that point and it was thankfully my last aware incident of sleep paralysis. This was in 2006 - 2007.

 At this point, although I have Psoriasis, I now had many "Scoop Marks" on my legs that can't be explained medically.

  I have a recent picture of an entity that manifested in my Apt.... it was like a plasma ball that changed into and seemed to be struggling to keep the shape of a demon looking shape of plasma.
I was able to photograph that and have it to submit.

 Not long after, my wife called 911 because I was feeling very ill. When I got to the ER, I was possesed by something. It was speaking thru me, controlling me, as I ranted about Imminent Global Disaster and Humans were like a cancer on the planet and had little time left, I don't recall everything I said, but it wasn't my words! .Something maniacal had hi-jacked me, however I felt the emotions like there was a hostile takeover happening soon. I don't know how long this went on before I slowly regained my control of myself. Nothing like this has ever happened to me before or since but I felt violated. Raped from inside my head or something. I'd love to see the security video from Roger Williams Hospital's ER.

 Now, while undergoing medical tests for anal and nasal bleeding on 3/25/17, and after years of what I thought were isolated problems, I fear I'm an Abductee Victim... now that I've been looking for answers, it all seems to fit other's experiences of abduction and contact. My Head CatScan was unremarkable, but bloodwork shows lowered Hemoglobin and lower Red Blood Cell count. I'm awaiting a GI appointment now.

 So in summary, after all these things that I Swear to be true, I've concluded using Achums Razor theory that I must be a Victim of Alien Abduction Syndrome and don't know where else to turn for help. My Wife is just recently starting to report some funky stuff too and I now fear for thr both of us, and all mankind for that matter. These aren't friendly encounters I describe. Thanks for your time and look forward to any advice.

Regards, [moved to FI Section/CMS/jpg]
