{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492268","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67279","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3999,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/268/mufon-5492268.json","updb_database_id":5492268}
Unknown flying machine unlike any other, appearing huge in size

While driving home from northern BC between Quesnel and Williams Lake on Highway 97, I spotted a craft that I initially thought to be a huge kite and pointed it out to my wife. The highway traveld in a southerly direction and the craft seemed to be paralleling the highway and the Fraser River, the river being approx. 1/2 mile to our west. As we drove along, the object was traveling nearly at our speed of 60 mph and seemed to be across the river another mile or more. We had a very good view of the object and there was a trailing apparatus below the craft and it appeared to be of a very heavy chain or cable with a little larger object at its trailing end. That is what made me first think of a kite, but it wasn't stationary. The trailing cable was at about a 35 degree angle from the bottom of the craft.
At a convienient pullout with a clear view of the craft I pulled over and took out my binoculars for a quick look and my camera, a Kodak EasyShare Z950 and zoomed in on the object for a photo, but it wouldn't seem to focus clearly on it, kept going in and out of focus. It seemed to be somewhat transparent through the viewfinder and with the binoculars, but was clearer with the naked eye. The trailing tail looked to be at least two hundred feet or more in length and I now suspected the object at its end was an apparatus that may have been collecting data, for I was now positive it was not a Canadian aircraft of any sort I have seen. I am a professional land surveyor with over 45 years of experience, and observations are most relvant to that occupation. The photo 1 has some nearby pine trees above the craft, a triangular shape with a deffinate protrussion at the top and bottom of its rear end and a long, elogated additional wing, if I may, at the bottom of the craft from near the front tapering toward the rear. There was a bit of a haze look across the valley, but when I first saw the object it appeared much clearer than the photo and was below the main cloud cover. One lower cloud can be seen somewhat , in front of the object. 
I got back in the car and traveled on southward and thought if I sped up some I could get a little closer and get another photo. But as I sped up, so did the object and the long heavy trailing cable was now at a 50 degree angle, proving it had speeded up also. I stopped and got the photo 2 at a further distance away, but it doesn't show a great deal other than its semi transparency. That tree line on the horizon appeared to me to be two to three miles away and the object appeared to be even further. The tallest trees on that horizon are probably not over 100 ft. in height, which gives the impression that this craft is very large.
I kept up my speed as some lower mountains I would enter would obstruct the view and hoped to see the object again as I neared the top of the hill trending down into Williams Lake, but the craft was never seen again. I'm certain other southbound drivers saw this same object, but I've not run across any other report. Perhaps you have.
