{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-12 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462268","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98724","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2797,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/268/mufon-5462268.json","updb_database_id":5462268}
{rjl} Silver saucer-shaped UFO

This happened very quickly I went to bed one night and I was awoken I'm guessing about 4 a.m. I was standing which I saw might have been my front walkway in front of my house I was standing I had my head down I opened my eyes I was kind of looking down towards my feet like my head was hanging down then I opened my eyes slowly and raised my head looking up and I sawa classic disc M
Like saucer with a whitish blue light in the center of it off of the craft. The center was about maybe 751degrees from where I was standing so it was not directly above me. and I can barely make out in the corner of my eye and my peripheral vision there was someone standing next to me on my left side. but I couldn't see who it was because as soon as I looked up at the craft my eyes went shut like I was knocked out. and that's all I can remember. then I remember waking up the next morningI have no physical scars or other memories of what happened. it all happened in about a few seconds and I also remember a few nights before that about 3 to 4 a.m. I was laying in my bed I was sleeping I happen to open my eyes.I was laying on my back which was odd because I never sleep on my back I alway on my stomach. I open my eyes and my blankets flipped over from right to left covering me and the weird thing is there was nothing there that I could see that flipped the blankets covering me. It was an unseen force. my arms were down to my sides so could not have done it. Let me rephrase that there was something or someone there but I just couldn't see it. Then I stayed up for the rest of the morning I could not go back to sleep . And I noticed my eyes we're very painful they hurt for about 2 days after that incident.on the 3rd day the pain was gone And after that happened I noticed my eyes would get flashes of light in the corner of my eyes like there was trauma done to my eyes..I would see that a lot but progressively got less and less and I still see the lights in the corner of my eyes to this day but it's not as progressive as it used to be when the incident happened.and I always had this feeling my eyes were removed I don't know why but i just had that feeling they were.
