{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494268","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65215","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2520,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/268/mufon-5494268.json","updb_database_id":5494268}
{nd} Bright sphere of light, unmoving, same position nightly, no other stars.

I have been seeing a bright ball of light in the sky in the exact same position every night for at least a couple of weeks. I have pictures but am unable to attach, they are on my phone. It is much brighter than my pictures show, it appears to have rays like a star but looks like just an orb of light in the pictures. Last night, it was there same as always. No other stars in the clear sky. No sound. After I fell asleep, I woke up to the sound of a helicopter going overhead. Unsure of exact time, I think around 11:00 or so. The dog wanted out so I let him out, looked up at the sky and the light was gone and there were numerous stars. This light or object is gone during the day. Ive been watching it for a couple of weeks, unsure how long its been there unnoticed. It may be nothing but cannot figure out what it is or why it was gone after the helicopter went through but any other night it is there all night (as far as I know) or why the light doesn't move or pulse or blink or why there are no other stars in an otherwise clear sky but after the helicopter went by, the stars were there and the light was gone. Everytime I sleep over the last couple of nights, I have "dreams" where I am gasping for breath but I don't wake up, sometimes this feeling of not being able to breathe is also when I am awake but drifting to sleep so I am aware its happening. My dog was sick and vomited last night right around the time the helicopter came through, he is never sick like that. Just seems like a lot of strange events since I started taking pictures of this light. I'm not a UFO person so I know nothing of all of this information, if its related or is nothing. I am a paranormal investigator, ghosts not UFOs, so I'm clueless if I'm seeing something or not. As I said, I have pictures on my cell phone but no way to attach them to this report.
