{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-06-26 23:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547268","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"17692","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7073,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/268/mufon-5547268.json","updb_database_id":5547268}
3 campers observe an unknown light/object hover erratically over San Gabriel Mountains in Los Angeles before flying west, disappearing over the Pacific Ocean.

Two friends (JG and RH) and I were camping this past Thursday, June 25th in the San Gabriel Mountains, Northeast of Los Angeles, CA. We were staying in a campround called Guffy, located at 8,225' elevation. It is accessed by taking Blue Ridge Road (FS 3N061) off of the Angeles Crest Highway (Route 2) at the junction of Big Pines Highway (N4). The entrance to the road is on the south side of the 2. This is a fairly well graded dirt and gravel road that winds through the Mountain High ski resort before passing through the Blue Ridge Campground and eventually reaching the spur for Guffy and eventually a camp called Lupine. Beyond Blue Ridge Campground, the road is undeveloped and in poor shape, limiting the amount of usage by anyone other than dedicated campers or those looking for solitude. I arrived at the sight after my two friends and made camp as the sun set. There was only one other party of campers staying there on the east side of the campground. After eating dinner and enjoying campfire talk, we decided to drive back along the ridge road to observe the sky and surrounding mountains. The time was approximately 11:30 pm by the time we were situated and rolling in my Jeep, headed back west along Blue Ridge Road. We drove about a mile, made a u-turn at a pullout and stopped in the middle of the road. This should give you an idea of how isolated the area is. We exited the vehicle and hung out for about 15 minutes, watching the sky and surrounding hills. As we got back in the Jeep and I turned on the lights, we surprised a coyote standing in the middle of the road. We then continued on to another turnout on the south side of the road, overlooking the Sheep Mountain Wilderness area. To our extreme right we could observe the silhouette of Mt Baden-Powell (9,399') a lower peak called Inspiration Point (7,385') and between them, the pass called Vincent Gap. The night was extremely clear and a significant amount of stars were visible. We observed a high number of planes and helicopters. Los Angeles airspace is extremely congested, seeming to almost swim with the amount of moving, blinking aircraft of every imaginable type. There is a constant stream of commercial flights as there are several airports in the area, including LAX, Long Beach, Orange County, Ontario and more. After about 15 minutes or so, our attention was drawn to a bright light hovering over the treeline of Inspiration Point. All three of us observed the light grow in intensity as it began to lightly bob up and down then back and forth. It seemed to be appearing and disappearing as it dropped below the trees. RH thought it looked like it was out over the desert toward Pearblossom. It continued to move slightly to the south away from the ridge and in to the open sky over Vincent Gap. It would abruptly move in one direction, stop, then move in another, both up and down and side to side, all the while moving slowly toward the south. The movements were fluid, not jerky. There was no apparent pattern to the movement, and it did this for about 30 seconds or so. The object seemed to pulse in color, between white, yellow and orange. At times I thought I could make out a dark shape, but the intensity of the light made it difficult. We were all talking at once either asking what it could be, describing what we were seeing or just exclaiming in surprise. At one point I asked if we were seeing a helicopter or a plane and they both agreed it was not either of those. RH said, "It's dancing. Look at the way it's moving... it's dancing up and down!" Still in complete amazement, I started to wave my arms and say, "Come over here! Come fly over here" and both RH and JG simultaneously said, in so many words, "Don't come over here!" We had a quick laugh and continued to observe the object. I think it was RH who said, "Why don't you give it a yell?" I cupped my hands around my mouth and started to let loose with a mountain style yodel/yell. As soon as I started to make a noise, the light suddenly changed with a solid flash of white to few dull blinking yellow lights. There was a random series of flashes, and the object began to move more steadily at a higher rate of speed toward the south. As this happened, we all became more excited, as it was entirely obvious that there was no mistaking this object as any conventional aircraft, leading us to the conclusion that this was in fact an unidentified flying object. We continued to watch the object as it faded in intensity and eventually disappeared behind My Baden-Powell. A straight trajectory would have taken it out over the Pacific Ocean. Our total observation time was anywhere from one to two minutes. We had enough time to completely discuss and react to what we were seeing. Later, back at the campfire (which I quickly stoked up) JG and I agreed that it almost appeared to be shaped like an old German army helmet with a light on the bottom, but neither of us could be sure to any degree of certainty. I drew what I saw in the dirt and he concurred that it was close to what he saw, but neither of us can be sure. RH said he could only saw the light. At this time, I should add that we are all completely sober, competent observers with excellent vision and senses. RH is a retired U.S. Navy Aviation Machinist Mate, 2nd Class with tons of air time and experience. He also worked at Edwards Air Force Base for 30 years after leaving the service. During this time, he worked Search and Rescue in the San Gabriel Mountains for the LA County Sheriffs Department. He has an intimate knowledge of the area and has spent countless hours, both on the ground and in the air in San Gabriels. He agrees after discussing our observation that what we witnessed was not normal. All three of us were very open minded before this event, but I now feel even more confident that there is more going on in our world than what we are aware of. I feel very privileged to have seen what we saw. I feel confident enough that I have no qualms or second guessing about filing this report. I wonder if there were any other people who witnessed something similar that night or at other times in the area. Were there any strange weather anomalies, military exercises or other events that night? Maybe someone at MUFON can let me know. Thank you for your time.
