{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-03 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513268","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45009","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3445,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/268/mufon-5513268.json","updb_database_id":5513268}
{dr}It was silent with latge rectanlular bright blue forward solid light , it had a large circular white light in back with a small red light . the red light was the only light that blinked. It made no noise and moved VERY slowly- as a hot air balloon

I was on my way to work ,when I noticed a very bright white light in the tops of the trees ahead of me . The road curves alot so , at first i thought I was witnessing a large meteor coming down. But as I got closer I saw a small red circle light blinking and I thought, "How did they get a cell tower up that fast?", because I realized did not appear to be moving. As I got closer to Potts road, I saw it was ever so slowly turningcounter clockwise in place! By now I was driving so slow I was nearly stopped!Then I saw the bright larger blue "front" light--it was huge, much larger than the white "spot light" on the "back" side I had first saw with the smaller red light! It was rectangular in shape, maybe 40 to 50 foot across and 15 to 20 high . It was the pretty blue color , like the police emergency lights, but stardy not stroving. It was maybe 20 to 30 feet above the trees. It was slowly turning to have the blue lighted side face Potts road. I looked around to see if any people from the nearby house were outside watching it too, but I saw no sign of people, or light from windows or doors open . It was turning from due North to North east ,heading almost straight over Potts road, towards Rome, Georgia . I was so struck by its ability to be silent and go so slow as to almost be still in mid air , that I had stopped in the middle of the road to watch it! I then started trying to get my cell phone out of my coar pocket , but my seatbelt prevented me from getting to my pocket , so I unbuckled it and managed to get my phone and get to the camera selection on it , I realised by then the thing had made it to more tree lines and the "back" was all I could see now , and from just that it looked like a regular plane . I diceded not to try a picture as my camera on my cell is not very good that far off , and instead , I called my husband at home. I pulled off the road a bit ahead of Potts road and watched it as I told my husband about it. It just slowly crept into the night over the trees. Never did I ever hear a sound , or wind from and propulsion. At the junction of Ward Mtn Road and Potts road it was directly over the road in front of my car. The moon was not up as of yet , and except for the bright lights, I had no idea of its shape. I feel it may have been a new stealth hover craft that can help police or the military , I did not have any feelings of fear, or dread. I was just awe struck at its silence, and its ability to move so slow as to appear to hover as it changed directions! I do not know what it was , stealth plane or UFO , but it was really cool to watch!
