{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287268","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116108","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2366,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/268/mufon-5287268.json","updb_database_id":5287268}
Saw an entity in my bedroom

In 1995 I was asleep in my bedroom, I shared a house with two other graduates, a house which we rented in Telford, Shropshire, UK. I was woken up with lights shining in my face. My be was positioned in the bay of a window and my head on the pillow could see outside through the window as the curtains were open. When I woke I saw a light in the sky above the houses which span like a katherines wheel and then into space. I got out of bed and made for the bedroom light switch on the other side of the room. I turned the light on and started to walk back to my bed. As I was approaching my bed, I saw on the other side of the bed, in the space between the wall and the start of the bed, a blueish grey arm with scaly skin it was animated and was moving towards (it's hand - which I think had 3 fingers and a thumb) and then it started to vanish as it was moving. I was in a state of shock and at one point thought about jumping over the bed and grabbing the arm, but didn't. I don't know how but somehow climbed back into bed (although I don't remember this) and waking up in the morning when it was daylight. When I woke I woke with a start and my heart beating fast as I'd remembered what had occurred through the night. I went into the bathroom where there is an angled mirror on the wall which I caught a glimpsed of my back (previously I had a mole which was the size of a 10 pence piece in the middle of my back - it was quite big), but then realised my mole which I had had since childbirth had completely gone and just white skin was there in it's place. I've been psychologically disturbed since this event, I always sleep with the light on ever since, even to this day. I was diagnosed with Schizophrenia 5 years later and I put this down to this event.
