{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-29 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512268","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46055","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4051,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/268/mufon-5512268.json","updb_database_id":5512268}
Object ascended to about 100m (328ft), remained stationary in the sky for 3 seconds then flew out over Lake Erie on a 45 degree into Sky then vanished.

August 29, 2010. Three friends and I were staying at my friends cottage in Port Stanley. We went to the local bar for some drinks to celebrate our graduation. We left the bar around 2:00a.m. Eastern time (canada). We then proceeded to walk down the beach to go back to my friends cottage.
To set the scenery; that night was calm, quiet and you could see every star in the sky crystal clear. One of the most beautiful nights I had ever seen.

As we begand to walk back to the cottage we noticed up ahead that there were two visible lights on the beach; one light was close to us (approx. 600-800m away) and the other light was far off in the distance. We could see that the light that was far off in the distance was around the area we were going (my friends cottage) so we began to walk towards it using it as our guide.

When my friends and I reached the first light that was closer to us (a bonfire) we ran into a bunch of random people around the fire and sat with them for about 5 minutes and introdced ourselves and chatted.

We then began to trek towards the second light on the beach (the light that was by the cottage area). We walked for about 5 maybe 10 minutes when it happened.

The light we were all heading towards rose straight up off the beach on a complete vertical to about 100m approx. in a matter of 4 seconds (25m a second) and then stopped dead in its tracks and hovered for about 3 seconds. 

I could remember every single detail that happened because the second that light rose off the beach (at such a weird motion and speed), all 4 of us stopped in astonishment and just watched in silence. It was one of those moments in life when you know deep down inside that you are witnessing something truly amazing. 

The "firery ball of light" hovered for 3 seconds and then took off on a 45 degree out over Lake Erie at such an incredible speed that it vanished into the sky in about 8 seconds. By the way, not a single noise came from this object which we found really weird.

At this point my friends and I were freaking out. Being four Engineers, the four of us sat down on the sand and tried to figure this out and make sense of it. We came up with a few ideas but none of them made sense to what we had just witnessed.
There is absolutly no way that it could of been a helicopter because there was no noise what so ever.
It couldn't have been a Chinese lantern because the object we saw was to big and the speed it travelled at over Lake Erie was nothing like what we had ever seen before (very fast, not earth like).

Anyways, this event has changed my life since that day. I am now a firm believer that there is infact other intelligent life out there in the Universe and you are a fool if you don't. I have done extensive research on UFO's and UFO sightings and found that I am not the only one who has seen this.
This video that someone captured of a sighting over Lake Erie will show you the object that we saw that night:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9QZxsM8xWFA
(only it was one orb)

That's it, that's my amazing story. I still continue to do research to this day and will continue until I solve this Universal mystery. 

Thank you,

You will have to contact me if you want the Map that I created outlining the event of that night.
