{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-28 21:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453268","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108361","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2576,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/268/mufon-5453268.json","updb_database_id":5453268}
over 52 light orbs star like in nature came out of the northern sky in straight line groups of three and flew across horizon and disappeared

A count of over 52 light orbs star like in nature came out of the northern sky out over the lake as a group sat on a patio watching crisp cool perfectly clear night four of us watched as in groups of three these lights appeared as if to show up straight out of the atmosphere north headed SE across the lake in a perfect straight line all following each other perfectly spaced out. The just seem to appear from nowhere and as they got directly above and to the east of us they simply one by one look like they just started disappearing at the exact same spot in the sky one by one as they reached that particular spot as if they were going into a tunnel that was not visible to the naked eye. We all witnessed the same thing seen the same thing. We sat and discussed the possibility of what it might be and about 15 min later a group of about 10 or 12 showed up from the northern sky flying southwest in direction this time, out over the light of the northern star and below the quarter moon we had that night. As they seem to get directly below the direction of the moon one by one at a set point in the sky they started disappearing. Very strange, we took pictures and video and to my surprise all from our phones when we went back and looked none of had pictures of the lights.... we are all normal lol and working class people my father is a Vietnam veteran and he said he had never seen anything like it.
Ages
Me- 46
Father 72
Son 20
Nephew 28
Son-in-law 27

We were at a boat marina on the lake. Two boaters pulled up so we walked over and asked them if they had seen anything in the sky. They both said hell yeah that was wild yall saw it as well.. we spoke briefly and walked off. All describing the same thing. 

I'm writing to see if anyone has contacted you or reported this...
Thanks 
[ Item moved to F I Report {tjd}
