{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470268","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90232","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2700,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/268/mufon-5470268.json","updb_database_id":5470268}
{cak} Blinding light(like looking at mini sun)

New year eve night 5 boats(all long line boats out of merits marina in pompano beach fl)headed south out of Hillsboro inlet approx 3pm. After reaching our drop location(35 miles se of miami)we dropped appox 7 miles of line and settled in maintaining and watching the line. The ocean was so flat it felt as if you could step off of the back of the boat and walk on the water. About 45 minutes into the watch 5 captains and 40 crew notice a red white and green(blueish) light blinking to the sw(cuba keys area).The head captain radioed all the others if we were seeing what they were seeing. All the captains said yes and thought it might be another boat in distress. He said he would head over that way and check it out. With in a few minutes there were 2 other lights identical to the one we were already observing. That's when they started dropping below the water and in a blink of an eye they moved in a triangular motion under the water and then resurfaced about tree level. The captain once again called the other captains and sa are you seeing this.All agreed.That's when he decided to call the coast guard to see if there was anything going on that they knew of.5 minutes pasted and they replied nothing that they were aware of. At that point the lights started getting closer at least to our boat. We all agreed that this was really weird and something none of us had seen before.All the captains agreed that we recall the coast guard and report a possible boat in distress. Coast guard said they would send a plane out and check it out. 15 to 20 minutes later we could hear the plane approaching and the lights disappeared underneath the water. The coast guard scanned 1800 sq miles and reported back to us they had found nothing. We told them when they showed up that the lights had quit. They return to the base.  15 minutes after the plane had returned the lights reappeared but didn't seem to be interested in getting any closer than they had before. We didn't report it again out of fear the reporting captain might lose his licenses.
