{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-21T09:43:55Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 2, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 9579095, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/597821-pdfs-2/28964763.pdf", "source_sha256": "a939984d095c1e65b4bce6243b1619453a614f2f483fbf04e88fb494057ec969"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 205, "chars": 1431, "method": "ocr", "note": "retried at 250 DPI after 600 DPI timeout", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PROJECT 10073 RECORD CARD
1.
DATE
2. LOCATION
February 1956
3. DATE-TIME GROUP
Local -
GMT_
3 am
feb/ 0800Z
5. PHOTOS
New York City, New York
4. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
XX Ground- Visual
• Air Visual
• Ground-Radar
Air-Intercept
6. SOURCE
• Yes
XXNo
7. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Civilian
8. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
brief
one
10. BRIEF SUMMARY OF SIGHTING
Cone shaped object traveling at great
speed observed to pass between two
buildings in residential area. Assumed
heading directly into wall of one of
the buildings. Head of cone consisted
of brilliant blue white light. Tail
had what appeared to be fins.
Soft
glow from object. No reflection on
buildings. No sound. After light was
and disa-
bearance was ask fight had been
•pearance was as
turned off.
ATIC FORM 329 (REV 26 SEP 52)
Moxwell AFB,
9. COURSE
CONCLUSIONS
Son Balloon
Probably BalLoor
Possibly Battoor
EWas AireroitZ
TI
/
243.
401
@Probably Airgiaf
@Possibly Airerafi
sWas Astronomeal Meteor
•Probobly Astronomical
-Possibly Astronomical
0. Other-
Insufficient Date for Evaluation
Unknown
not reported
11.
COMMENTS
Report sent in two years after
incident. Object resembles meteor
sighting. No sound or light refl
ection indicates that object
possibly at great distance from
observer rather than between the
buildings as she assumed. Dura-
tion and description with the
exception of fins conform with
bhis assumption. Brief duration
agrees with this analysis. Obj
probably meteor.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 500, "chars": 2877, "method": "ocr", "note": "retried at 250 DPI after 600 DPI timeout", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
New York, N. I.
To the Air Technical Investigation Command.
Sirs-
This communication is from a citizen of Now Tork City-at the the
above address for some fifteen years, Should it be required of me - I
would gladly give all necessary references - as to my reliability - and
to assure you now of my absolute truthtulness - and attention to detail -
in regard to the following -
Returning as usual, from St. Vincent's Hospital (West Ilth St. and 7th Ave.
several years - at 3 AM or near that time - in the month of February. At an
intersection of five roads - which I have to cross - there is a fairly large
garage (corner of Perry Street and 7th Ave) Attached to the garage is a
small space (wired in) where three or four cars sometimes park. Bordering
this space are two large apt houses - quite close to each other, but the
space as abore mentioned is quite clear. It was a very cold night, and I
was hurrying to my home, when to my utter astonishment I saw a cone shaped
object of small dimension travelling at great speed, in the space and
apparently heading directly into the wall of one of the apt houses.
The whole thing wae so rapid that I could only stand and watch. There
was no one on the street at that hour and no traffic (this is the Greenwich
Village ares). I could not therefore refer to any other person. At the
full of the cone there was a terrific round light of blue white intensity.
At the tail of the cone was what appeared to be fins. The night was very
dark, and the area around the garage received no 1ight from the dim street
lights, so that this cone was a soft grey against the black background.
From the end of the cone was a soft glow.
There was no sound whatever.
The terrific light at the full ef the cone should have lighted up the
entire wall of the apt house and general area, but there was absolutely
no reflexion from it on anything.
This apparition suddenly disappeared without sound and at the moment
when it should have crashed into the wall. The light did not just go out,
as though turned off by an electric switch, bat there was instantaneous
blackness and - nothing!
Not wishing to expose myself to ridicule I said very little about it,
except ot a few close friends.
Even as I write you now my statements seem
open to question, but I feel I should do so. I have a detailed sketch of
this apparition should you wish to have it, and will notify me. I am per-
sonally afraid of things of this kind and know absolutely nothing about
technical or scientific matters. This was not, therefore, anything that I
might have seen in some book dealing with these subjects. I am two years late
in sending this information, and am spurred on now to do so, having seen
a further peculiarity in the sky, but this last could have a reasonable
explanation, though the other does not, as I feel about it.
Believe me sirs,
most faithfully
(Miss)
1003438
