{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-12-23 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284298","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119123","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3178,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/298/mufon-5284298.json","updb_database_id":5284298}
Line of 7 very bright red lights and 1 white at vert low altitude

I live in a rural area. There are few if any lights to the south. I had a string of large bulb Christmas lights attached to the deck railing in front of me. I stepped out on my deck and saw a line of very bright lights, much brighter than my light string. straight out from my house. I remember feeling confusion and realizing there were lights in midair out by the highway. I started talking aloud to myself asking What am I looking at?, to try and clear my head. At first I thought someone had erected a line of radio towers on the hill across the highway then realized that was not realistic. 
I tried repeatedly to count them but, was fighting confusion. One of the lights in the line was white. I tried repeatedly to count them but couldn't do it. I could get that the first two or three were red. Then there was one that was white, then a bunch more red ones. Seriously, I couldn't count to 8. No idea why.
I watched them for a minute or two then went and got my phone to take a picture. I texted a friend and we messaged back and forth several times while I took pictures. The lights were so bright I moved away from the deck to see my phone screen better. I took numerous pictures but couldn't get the lights to show. I don't know why but after I snapped a picture I looked at it, saw nothing but black and I deleted it! Best estimate is that I took maybe 15 pictures and deleted all but the last one.
The lights were stationary all that time. Again, I don't know why but my thoughts were that the one white light signified a problem akin to an overheated engine and they were waiting for it to cool down. Ridiculous thought, I know. Finally the light did turn red and the string of lights started to move SW very very slowly. They stayed in perfect unison so I don't know if it was one object or several different ones. The lights were too bright to see beyond them. 
They continued toward Pinedale, very slowly. They were in my sight for at least 20 minutes. I actually got bored watching them and went inside several times to warm up.
I have the last picture but it's just black. If I zoom in there is some splotchy red but nothing having any form. Also it's on my previous phone and I can't download it. That phone is no longer supported. I recreated the scene on my work computer but have since retired and lost track of it. Here is a pic of the view in daylight. Sorry about the fog.
