{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-30 21:36:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528298","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27288","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5105,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/298/mufon-5528298.json","updb_database_id":5528298}
fireball, then large pulsating orb or ufo...fourth similar sighting in neighborhood

I live in a subdivision 20 minutes west of Columbus, Ohio located in the country at the western edge of Galloway, Ohio. From my home I have now had numerous sightings of this object in a seven week period. On the night of the latest sighting there were a lot of planes in the sky in the area with a peculiar plane as well which flew over just east of the subdivision at low altitude about four hours earlier in a northeasterly direction. I did catch a video of it. I mention this plane because it seems every time I catch this ufo/orb/fireball object on film, 3 times now, this low flying airplane with an unusually bright front fuselage makes it's appearance.
 
I made an official report of the second sighting /first video with MUFON 12/9/2010 but couldn't upload the video. The first time I filmed the object the peculiar plane passed close by during the video at low altitude, almost right over my house.( see first attached video to see that sighting ) I saw a similar looking plane ( with a brightly lit forward portion of the fuselage) Christmas eve pass to the southeast at low altitude, maybe 3/4 mile away. That night I set up my camera on a tripod and left it on the front porch facing the area. At about 9:29 pm EST that night my camera caught a brief 5 seconds flash of what appears to be the same ufo/orb/fireball object just over the treeline to the southeast of where the first video/second sighting had been taken place. ( see 2nd attached video to see object ) THIS WAS THE THIRD SIGHING. In that video you can see a quick flash just over the tree line and a few seconds later just to the left the object starts to illuminate out of the darkness growing in intensity and in mass and then dimming back out to the point of no light at all,(illumination and de-lumination was a five second process) but you can still see the object very dimly head off to the left for a few seconds. Then about thirty second later there was another quick flash in the same spot as the first flash.

The latest and FOURTH SIGHTING( see third attached video ) took place December 30th, 2010 at 9:36 pm, also from my front porch, and in the same exact spot as the third sighting. I watched the sky off and on that evening because there was a lot of air traffic and it was a very clear warm night out. I peered out my window and saw an object to the south east over the tree line just before 9:30 so I grabbed the camera and headed to the front door to see what it might be and started shooting. In the video you can see what appears to be a very bright fireball drifting towards the camera from over the trees, 4 to 6 hundred yards maybe. I zoomed in and out. As I zoomed in the second time the object changed from a fireball to kind of a large pulsating orb growing brighter and dimmer in intensity, sometimes even blacking completely out. 

I CAUGHT OVER A MINUTE OF FOOTAGE OF THE PULSATING AT MID TO HIGH ZOOM AND MAYBE 3 HUNDRED YARDS OUT AT THAT TIME. 

It looks as if during the pulsating period of over a minute that the object starts on my side of the tree line and only travels a few hundred feet at best, which couldn't possibly be a plane. Even stranger, the object veers off to the left slowly and eventually disappears behind and below the roof line of the house in the foreground ( which is about 300 feet away from the camera ), which means the object was between the tree line and the house in the foreground because the tree line is above the top of the roof that the object disappeared behind. Which also means it couldn't possibly be a plane (since the neighborhood wasn't wiped out by a massive plane crash that evening, doesn't have an airport in it and the object never resurfaced)

It might take a while to download the videos if your computer is as slow as mine, but you can also view the sightings on YOUTUBE if you type in *Info about link moved to Additional Evidence Section--CMS/sg). Feel free to visit the site and ask me whatever questions you might have. I will do what I can to help.

Seems very strange whatever it is and it to seems to frequent the area.
