{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498298","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60946","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2956,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/298/mufon-5498298.json","updb_database_id":5498298}
{dr}communicated silently through head. i asked questions got responses of the ufos moving left and right as no and up and down as yes. 2 helecopters arrived, flew inbetween 2 of ufo craft. they retreated apart and after they came back to me... more info

I was out on back porch smoking looking at the stars. I know what a plane is bc I'm next to theairport. They were not planes and they were focused on me. I'm a Afghanistan veteran and honorable discharge. Before ufo s just appeared, I was unknowingly sending messages. Things like do they exist and can they actually read minds. Telepathically I'm assuming in which I didn't realize until the next day but before I knew it, they just appeared. The Orange bulb was the 1st in sight and the one I 1st communicated with 1st. Once I realized they were communicating with me I asked if they were going to pick or me up. Orange orb shook left and right. 3 other orbs appear. 2 orbs was bluish white, the other was multiple colors pulsating. I asked if the others would harm me and they all did the same thing. During this time, I asked to get my brother and mother to witnesses what I was seeing. The ufo s shook up and down and I went to get them. When they came outside, I told my mom and brother to watch tbis.. I'm going to make this one move. 3-5 secession went by after I sent the message and sure ass**tit moved. I did this with one of the blue orbs. My family went inside and I stayed. When they left, they got more active and 3 of the ufo s were moving quickly in different directions and pulsating. A helicopter arrived And went inbetween 2 orbs and they retreated. They returned 4 mins later never leaving my sight and focused back on me after helicopter left. It was 1 helicopter and another unknown plane . Before I got tired to go inside, the ufo s never left and acted as if they didn't want me inside. As I was walking away, I kept seeing streaks in front of my face like something at great speeds in which I only caught glimpses of. Also, during the communication process I noticed a Orange orb smaller than rest 20-30ft above my head that never moved. I think it was a radar of some sort that they use somehow. I took a 10 min video that only shows 2.bulbs. it was like once I started recording they were less active. This was my 2nd encounter but the 1st time they actually focused on me.
