{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-05 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497298","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62067","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3252,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/298/mufon-5497298.json","updb_database_id":5497298}
{cak} Shooting Star or missle shoots at a UFO from Space

On the 5th of July 2014 I had dinner on my back patio on Westlake. After Dinner my son and his girl friend went down to our electric boat on the lake to talk and I went to take the dishes inside. When I came out I went down to my boat where my son and his girlfriend were sitting. He immediately said Dad we called for you we saw a UFO moving around overhead from the north to the south and it was blinking on and off. I am a private pilot and a retired Electronic Engineer and we see aircraft flying from San Francisco to lax continually in the evening coming from the North and moving to the SE so I said it must have been a plane. They said NO it was a UFO.  I sat down and we started to talk. About 5 minutes later I saw a flash in the sky which was due west of us about 10-20 miles which would put it over Oxnard or perhaps over the pacific ocean. The flash lasted 1-2 seconds it was bigger and about 10 Times brighter than a strobe on a commercial airliner and 10 Times brighter than a plane with their landing lights on. The size of the flash was about the size of my thumb nail. I yelled out I just saw a flash. About 5 seconds later it flashed again and my sons girl friend saw it and said that's what we saw. Then about 5 seconds later it flashed again and all three of us saw it. We watched intensely to see if it was going to flash again. It flashed a 3 and 4 time moving a few inches in the sky between each flash. It was about 20-30 Degrees off the Horizon. I estimate the object to be between 3,000- 5,000 feet above the ground.

On the 4 the flash, within a few milliseconds from the start of the flash a Meteor streaked from Orbit straight down towards the flashing object. The meteor had a trail of sparks and it intersected with the path of the strobe Light. They both went out at the exact time they intersected.  I immediately thought something was shooting at the object from space. It looked like at the time they intersected that they hit but there was no explosion or flash, they both just went out as it looked like they hit. Because there was no explosion I am not sure they actually hit. We watched the sky for another 30 minutes but never saw either of the objects again.

What is the chance of seeing a meteor at the same time as the UFO and what are the chances of them intersecting in the sky at the same time?

So I am not sure if this was a Alien space craft or a missile test. The object was near Pt. Magoo Navel Base but I believe it was North of that base which is about 20 miles from here. 

I would appreciate if you have any similar sightings to let me know.
