{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-21 21:54:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482298","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77667","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3908,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/298/mufon-5482298.json","updb_database_id":5482298}
{cak} Starlike orb moving, turning away from earth, watched till not visible

I had just stepped outside like I do almost any nice night to sit, enjoy the nice weather and look at the stars. I had been sitting for only a minute or two when an object that I can only describe as a star-like came into view from behind the tall tree line to my Northwest. I immediately jumped up out of my chair and in my head I said holy s#!t, it's a ufo. As I watched the object track to the Southeast and behind some trees behind my house I started to second guess myself thinking, no it can't be (as it was being partly obscured by trees, not yet having full foliage). I then thought to get my iPhone out and because it was so dark shoot a rapid series of photos just in case this object was not known (shooting photos gave me more light then shooting a video). As I am shooting the photos I am going back and forth in my mind what this is. Is it something known, is it a UFO? I live in the flight path of a major airport and grew up near this airport so I am very firmiliar with flight paths and what airplanes and helicopters look like (I have never seen a light like this before or since, as I noted, the only way I can describe it is as a fast moving, close star). I made the conscious decision to get my Neighboors satellite dish in the photos for scale (and possible speed estimates, although I do not know if this is possible?). I took around 109 photos of the object and stopped to watch it the last few seconds before it was to disappear behind the roof line of my Neighboors house. Approximately 5-10 seconds after I stopped shooting (convienient right?!?) the object made an abrupt turn (although not a right angle but more of an acute curve, absolutely not possible by any know aircraft of any country today). I then watched the object in complete astonishment on a path directly away from my position (and the earth) over the next 10-15 seconds (maybe 20?) slowly get smaller until I could no longer see it. 
 From that night on I have almost an obsession with looking at the sky in hopes of seeing this object again. I know that I probably never will but I still hope I can because it was like no light source I have ever seen and obviously made maneuvers that I have never seen or even though possible. Upon reviewing my photos I noticed that there looks to be a small private plane in the foreground and would think that there would be no way the pilot could not have seen this object unless it's altitude was much more than the aircraft. I so desperately want to know if anyone else saw this object. If this object was military tech then we are a thousand years ahead technologically from where we are told. If I had to equate the light to something known (other than a star) I would say it was like an White/ Bluish-white LED.
