{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-02 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508298","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50195","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4809,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/298/mufon-5508298.json","updb_database_id":5508298}
{nd} I saw maybe 8 UFOs and about a month later I saw a translucent being that was on top of my neighbors roof!

I made a 15 minute video of both encounters. The youtube link is below!

[Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]

So on July the 2nd of 2012 I was going to McDonalds in New Bedford MA. That said McDonalds closed about an hour early for some reason so I figured I would drive to the 24/7 McDonalds. I actually stopped at a Burger King in New Bedford MA and got a meal from the drive through, it was almost midnight. After I pulled out of the parking lot I saw some bright "stars" in the sky. I looked around and I couldnt see any other stars so I looked closer at the UFOs. There were maybe 8 UFOs, but I didn't have time to count them because I didn't have insurance on my Jeep at the time. I was slowly coming to a red light, the whole time watching the bluish UFOs. I think I saw some slowly moving too. I watched them for less then 5 minutes because I didn't want to get pulled over without insurance on my Jeep. The UFOs were very bright, maybe 30 times brighter then any stars. I drove home after looking for a few minutes. I later called 911 that night to see if someone could get it on video tape. So thats basically what happened that night.

About a month later, after seeing the UFOs, in late July or early August of 2012 I saw an alien that I think came off of one of the UFOs that I saw. Here is the story, Ill try and keep it candid. I was walking around my house and it was windy out that day. I noticed that part of a tree was blowing too much, unlike the rest of the tree. There was an anomaly in the way the tree was blowing that day. I proceeded to get a BB gun with a 4 power scope on it to see what was funny about that tree. I sat on my bed and looked at the tree, and there was a roof underneath. The tree was behind the roof, maybe 30 yards or so. Then after just looking at the tree something appeared in my sights in the BB gun scope. I don't know how to explain it better then a "circle face". There were two "eyes" that were letting light pass through the center of this "face". I kept watching this "face" for a long time until it started letting splashes of light pass through the forehead of this "face". I was watching the splashes of circles of light pass through the forehead of this face for a long time too. The "face" might have been 2-3 feet in diameter. It was so cool, with the splashes of light just passing through every second or so. After that was done I could see the whole aliens body. At first I didn't realize what I was looking at but I ended up seeing his translucent face, translucent body, translucent arms and I think I saw his legs too. But it was very hard to look at because he was translucent. Im pretty sure he was laying on my neighbors roof the whole time. The tree was behind him and I could see the tree a little right through his body. It was the coolest thing that I have ever seen in my life. But the point is that the alien was totally invisible at first and then I saw him when he went translucent. I think he wanted me to see him because he could have stayed invisible the whole time and I wouldnt have seen anything. My best guess is that the alien might have been 3-4 feet tall if Im not mistaken. I saw the alien during broad daylight. I watched the alien for about 2 hours or so, but thats just a guess because I didn't time it, but it was a long time. I was just looking at a translucent being on top of my neighbors roof with my BB gun, inside of my house. The reason why I stopped watching the alien was because it started to get dark out and it was difficult enough to see him in the daylight. 

To be honest with you, I don't have any evidence of my encounter besides what I literally saw. I don't know if it actually was an alien or a really small person that was wearing an invisibility/translucent suit. But I assume it was an alien because I have never seen a person wear an invisibility suit and I don't know why a person would visit me like that. 

Once again, check out my youtube video that I linked in the beginning of this message because that might explain a thing or two. 

Thanks!

~PEACE~
