{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-06-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286632","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116750","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2631,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/632/mufon-5286632.json","updb_database_id":5286632}
I was about 8years old

It was a very normal day as a kid honest rode my bike that day and was tuckered out so I went to sleep that night is when had a “nightmare” I say that cause the experience happened when I was asleep. Everything is in the frame of It was a very vivid dream. And I swear I don’t know if it was a dream or real but i do have this in my memory and have no reason to make it up.

I woke up and everything was blurry and I was being operated on it seem like. The lights in the room were coming from the walls like if the whole wall were a dim light , then staring me in the face was a being which I called “The Surgeon“ because he looked to have a mask on and all I could see were his eyes, but then I took a better look and he had small mouth and huge black eyes big wide head his eyes were almost on the side of his hide long and wide . He had a doctor vibe to him and I was freaked out cause this thing looking back at me was not human 

I looked the room more and saw another being that looked like a mantis, I’m not even kidding, a mantis, not in the body parts but in its stance . Green and skinny, the mantis one I called “The Overseer” cause it was just the room with me and The Surgeon. The Surgeon then took a semen sample which I felt like it wasn’t right cause I was young and hadn’t gone through purity yet. Then I sensed another 3rd presence that was directly behind me above my head that I couldn’t see at all.

I couldn’t believe what I was seeing but again I thought I was dreaming. I remember thinking to myself “Aw great I was abducted by aliens” even though I had no knowledge of them before I was 8year kid that just liked bikes and video games and I never heard of mantis aliens from anywhere. They as the beings told me “don’t worry we’ll return you home” but they told me in my mind so then in that moment I went back to sleep. 

A very vidid dream of an alien abduction. Even though I didn’t know or even think about aliens. A very vivid dream about insect aliens
