{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483632","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76240","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2549,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/632/mufon-5483632.json","updb_database_id":5483632}
{cak} Solid yellow/white orbs in pyramid formation. Some orbs brighter than others. The tip of the pyramid changed its position from top to on its side

I went outside to my balcony. It's a very clear night and I noticed additional and different color stars than I am used to seeing in that patch of sky. I then noticed one of the brighter orbs in motion. It would move short distances upward very rapidly and then much more slowly float downward slightly further and to the left of where it started. I watched this 1 orb continue the same pattern of movement for at least three minutes before I noticed a fainter and similarly colored orb tracking the brighter orbs movements exactly. Shortly after and in rapid succession I started noticing more orbs of the same color light and with different levels of brightness all mirroring the first two orbs movements. That's when I was able to see all the objects together, resembling a 3 dimensional pyramid. The pyramid was oriented with the tip up and slightly right. And with each movement upward followed by the float downward and to the left it progressively and following a pattern migrated left. I continued to watch until the lower portion was obstructed by the tree line in close proximity to me. The color of the orbs was the first I noticed as being out of place. Secondly, the distinct motion the orb, then 2 orbs, and finally multiple orbs were executing. Finally,
When I noticed the orbs all executing the same motions, I noticed the overall shape, as resembling a 3 dimensional pyramid as if using the dots on a graph to represent the shape of a pyramid. I was curious when, at first, I thought the orbs were new stars in a patch of sky that I see every night from a fixed position off my balcony. When I noticed the unique and patterned movement I was confused. Finally when I noticed multiple orbs in formation and moving silently as if they were lights on a solid structure, 
I felt uneasy.
