{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-22 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524632","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31196","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3044,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/632/mufon-5524632.json","updb_database_id":5524632}
Triangle UFO with lights.

I was out on working, helping my buddy with his delivery route. We had just left a stop, and were heading East on LPGA to our next stop. It was a clear night out, full moon, stars brightly shining. As we were driving, I have a habit of looking at the stars or the moon, and this time, I looked out to my right, and I seen something I had NEVER seen before in the 20 years I have lived here in Daytona Beach. To my right, about a Quarter mile or so away, hovering over the tree tops, I would estimate about 100-150 foot off the ground, was this large Triangle shaped UFO with white lights coming from the 3 corners,(1 on each corner). And in the middle of the UFO was a white/red strobing light, like a conventional airplane would have on its wing tips for safety. I was sitting there thinking as we were driving down the road "What the hell is that???". So as we were approaching our next stop, I kept my eyes on the UFO, to see which way it was heading, and it appeared to be heading West South West away from us, as we were driving East. So I kept my eyes on it until I could see it no more, and I noticed on the back of the UFO, what appeared to be 3 Blue Ion Pulse drives. Only reason I am calling them Blue Ion Pulse drives is because of how they were setup on the back of the UFO, or what I assume was the back of the UFO. They were 3 seperated engines, each glowing blue, evenly layed out across the back. 

When I first seen it, I KNEW it was NO airplane, because the local airport is not opened at this time of the night to commercial airplanes, and student pilots do not usually fly that far away from the airport for night training. 

Not sure why I looked that far right that night, but I did, and I was very surprised by what I saw. I wish I would see it again so I can get some video or a picture of it. 

I am unsure if the person I was with seen it or not, but I know what I saw, and I have made a rough sketch on our delivery paperwork. I find there is no way this to have been a light glare or reflection of any kind, because I rolled my window down when I seen the UFO, and it was still there when my window was rolled down...

I have attached a map, to give you better idea of where I was compared to the UFO. Locations on it are Approx and to the best that I can personally rememeber.
