{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492632","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66898","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4078,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/632/mufon-5492632.json","updb_database_id":5492632}
Appeared hovering just over the water, hovered for like 15 seconds, and it suddenly shot into space at amazing speed, made a weird roar like noise and dissapeared before our eyes leaving a vapor like stelle behind it.

I went to the beach here in mar del plata, argentina with a bunch of my friends at night. Some of them took their fishing poles with them. We were having a round of mate (argentine tea). I was not facing the sea. All of a sudden a hear all the people there besides my friends screaming like crazy. They shouted look a UFO! a UFO! I turned around and I see this blue (weird blue object) hovering over the surface approximately 200 hundred meters from the rocky shore. I was just amazed and couldnt believe what was happening. People were like crazy, shouting like maniacs. Then this round object starts gaining altitude and in a matter of seconds flew over us and it dissapeared before our eyes in what I can describe as a kind of implosion sound. 
It left a vapor like trace behind. 
As funny as it may sound remember how the de lorean from the back to the future movie dissapeared? It was pretty much like it. 
When I first noticed it I had no doubt that was a UFO. Why? Because it was clearly a manned artefact. Someone was like, behind the wheel, thats what we all felt. The thing was the size of a small two door car. 
First I was astonished, and when it started moving and it did that crazy manuever over us I was terrified. I was sorry and at the same time relieved that it had left. 
I dont know what else to say. I didnt believe in stories about UFOs before the incident, maybe thats why I was so astonished at the time it happened. 
We also felt a weird emotion. Its like wow, we actually saw maybe extraterrestrials dude! After it left we wanted to see more and wished it would show up again, its like when you ride a roller coaster you wish It would stop when its going but when the rush is over you want to experience that rush again.
Nothing man-made can do what that artefact did. The fastest things we have constructed would desintegrate into pieces if they did what this object did. It was just too fast. I know no living thing can survive an acceleration and turn like that. 
And what about the fact that it vanished before our eyes? Thats the craziest thing about this incident. it didnt lose itself on the distance, no, it literaly vanished. 
First thing some people will say is dude, that was a shooting star. 
are you kidding me? it came out of the water. it floated over the water, it accelerated changing direction. 
Sometimes you got to see this things in person to believe them. 
Anyway, my bro managed to fotograph it. We got the original for everyone to check it out. 
You can also interview my friends. 
Some of them were already fishing therefore facing the sea and were amongt the firsts to see it. 

Note: There was quite a quantity of people there beside us. It was what we call "a long weekend", that is a weekend plus holydays, hundreds of thousands of tourists visit our city on such holydays so you do the math how many people beside us saw this UFO. 
What I'm trying to say is, no, we werent all high and allucinating. 
We dont do drugs. We do "mate".
Check out the picture, though it really doesnt make the sight justice by itself.   
You got to see it live baby!
