{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-01 21:44:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523632","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32314","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3006,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/632/mufon-5523632.json","updb_database_id":5523632}
Multi colored orbs over keller tx

My wife and I went walking on October 1, between the hours of 8:45pm and 10:00 pm with our two dogs. We were traveling West on Bancroft Rd across Bourland Rd onto Norma headed to the intersection of Norma and Johnson Rd. 

Exiting the Subdivion of Harmonson Farms, we were directly in front of a singular horse/farm property located between Harmonson Farms and Keller Harvell Schooll.  I notice a a blue light directly ahead of us in the sky, towards Main St. Keller and then noticed several more large blue lights around the initial light. The light/orb seemed zig zag in random pattern. It seemed to brighten and then disappear then appear in another place. This cobalt blue looking sphere would seem to change into a lighter violet color and back again, and it seemed to be in relation to the size of a commercial jet in the sky, about 2x the size of the jets lights. Not small by any means. 

These were also with smaller bright white, orange, and red more starlike orbs that seemed to be swimming or flocking like fish or birds.  At one point one white orb seemed to abruptly stop right over us as I mentioned it seemed to see us. I videotaped most of the event on my iphone, which caught some pretty incredible footage. 

The groups of lights moved appx. 10 miles across Keller, crossing Hwy 377 and moving NW towards Roanoke. We lost sight of them as they moved beyond the tree line and house we were looking at. My mother lives on the W side of 377 so I called her and told her to go look outside and she came back to the phone reporting much of the same as we had witnessed appx. 4 - 5 miles away. She said she thought the lights were acting like magnets, pushing and pulling at each other. 

Viewing the footage on our computer - we left original copy on Iphone, it seems as if the objects morph in and out of each other or interact with each other. They rate of speed is quite alarming and at incredible angles. 

Once home, we were sitting on couch talking about the event, very stressed over saw and heard a very loud squeaking sound out of our open back window. The sound was like a chirp of a fire alarm needing its batteries replaced. 

The next morning talking with my mother she told me she was awakened at appx. 3:00 am. by a squeaking sound outside of her house. She said it seemed to travel around her house. I had not told her we had heard that sound yet.
