{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-06-17 22:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527632","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27990","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3470,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/632/mufon-5527632.json","updb_database_id":5527632}
a round circular light that changed colored several times.

*(Name deleted--CMS/sg)and Myself were sitting in her yard on a swing. It was a clear warm night. The sun had just set and it was twilight and getting dark. We had a small fire going in our outdoor chiminea. The position of the swing we were sitting on was facing South. When we notice this light moving slowly Northward in the night sky. It moved so slowly that we thought it was a balloon at first. It was orange in color at first. Then it started to change to Reddish in color. Yet, it was moving so slowly. It made no sounds at all. It took several minutes for it to move from the South to almost directly going over our head. As it was passing, we made the comment that we were seeing a UFO. We watched as the object changed directions, very slowly. It moved about 1/8 of mile in direction. I noted the winds in the trees. There was a slight breeze coming out of the west, no more than 5 -- 7 mph breeze. As this light was nearing us...I ran into the house to get my binoculars. I came back outside and it was nearly directly overhead of us. I focused the binoculars onto the object as it was almost directly over us. I would estimate that the object was 4,000 feet or so above us. I looked at the light which had been changing color It started out orange to reddish and as now it appeared whitish. I focused on the object and it was clear in my binoculars. It almost had a transparent nature. It was shining whitish with a very faint glowing circular shape. It was now directly overhead and I handed the binoculars to *(Name, same as above, deleted--CMS/SG)and she viewed it too. The UFO made no sounds or had any lights that would be present on a airplane. It still was drifting and making no sounds heading Eastward to the Canadian border towards the Detroit River. It was then that we noticed another light in the horizon and it was the same as the one we just viewed. It was orange and moving in the same manner. No sounds or lights that you would see on a plane. We viewed 6 of these objects. One of the objects moved almost in a 40 degree angle then began drifting like the others. A couple of the objects drifted almost directly overhead of us. And they too were whitish almost as if they were of a transparent and they were all circular and disk shaped. The reason I say this is because when viewed with the binoculars you could make out the distinct circular disk shaped that it possessed. Did anyone else report seeing these objects? All were colored and changed colors, but when they neared us, they appeared to be white. At first were were excited, when i ran into the house to get the binoculars and when I ran back outside and we viewed them. It was exciting then it was kind of frighting. We watched the object until they moved beyond us to the East, which is towards the Detroit River and Canada.
