{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-08-05 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547132","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"18526","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2753,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/132/mufon-5547132.json","updb_database_id":5547132}
Saw unmanned aircraft then saw white circular UFO

I am in the process of building a large radio controlled airplane so I
decided to look for a dry lake bed to fly it off of. A friend from
Randsburg suggested I try Cuddeback dry lake bed as it's only about 25
miles away.

After driving 7 miles of dirt road ( off of highway 395 )I finally
came to the dry lake bed. As I started to get out of my truck, something
caught my eye. I looked up and saw an all white unmanned aircraft flying
right above my truck and only about 200 feet high. It looked like a
Global Hawk. I grabbed my camera but it was too late to get a picture of it. Since I had my camera out, I decided to take some pictures of the
lake bed and surrounding mountains. I took a total of 5 pictures in about a 2 minute period.

That evening when I got home, I downloaded the pictures and sent them to
some of my friends. Then, later that night, I was reviewing one of the
pictures and was startled at what I saw. I looked in the blue sky in the
upper right corner of the picture and saw what looked like the moon.
The problem was that the moon should not be in that location of the sky.
So, I zoomed in on the object and couldn't believe what I saw. It's
some sort of large circle with another circle inside of it. It almost
looks like a petroglyph. Then, I looked at another picture and it has the same object but in a different location and farther away.
If I were to go back to the lake bed with these pictures, I could easily
see where these objects were taken. The pictures are great and have
many mountains etc. for reference points. A good expert could easily
tell the distance and heights of these objects.

What bothers me is that I am 57 years old and have never seen a UFO
or unmanned aircraft but on this day I see both in only a 2 minute period.
A UFO, an unmanned aircraft and a miltary base just a few miles away.
Scary! You have to see these 2 pictures! They are no joke and look awsome! Everyone who has seen them are baffled.

After looking at your website, I don't know how to attach pictures but
if you give me an e-mail address, I can send them.
