{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-02-22 17:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470132","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90369","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2244,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/132/mufon-5470132.json","updb_database_id":5470132}
Phenomenal speed object so fast not seen but left thick white band in sky. So low I ducked. By Birmingham Airport. Speed unbelievable.

I was viewing cars at my local car sales depot which is located in the flight path of Birmingham Airport. Was looking for a certain car reg and the sales girl was also trying to find this particular car so I could view it as she had the keys. Suddenly I heard this whooshing sound accompanied by an aircraft sound I had never witnessed before. It was so low and so fast I did not have chance to view it as it felt so close I actually ducked to cover my head. When I looked up It had nleft a white thick band in the sky. The speed of whatever this object happened to be was phenomenal. Never experienced this before and I live close to airport. I considered the fact it may be a jet or some craft that was being tested but this would not be something that would have been done so close to an Airport. There were planes taking off at such low flying due to just taking off from the runway. This object I heard was low and at a speed that would never have been accepted so close to an Airport. It1s a pity I did not see anything only the band of white it left in its trail. It unnerved me so much I made my way back to the showroom and the girl had also found the car and made her way back to the showroom. Fortunately she heard it too and I showed a salesman the band of white it had left. I may not have visually seen anything but what we heard was off the scale to any normal aircraft that would have been allowed I feel to fly in such close proximity to an Airport. This was no ordinary experience and as I say the speed was phenomenal.
