{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-13 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489132","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70503","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7124,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/132/mufon-5489132.json","updb_database_id":5489132}
Varying number (2-8) light patches in sky. Random flight path but regularly coming together. 11pm to 2am. Seen through cloud.

I opened the curtains in the living room as I was going to bed at around 10:30pm and noticed a white patch in the sky that moved. I put out the lights and watched the sky. I saw a number of light patches in the sky. 

It was cloudy and my first thought was that it was some kind of light show being projected from below, maybe an event or concert or something. The lights moved from various positions in the sky into a central point and out again, their speed reinforced my thoughts that they were a projection from below as it was implausible that anything else would be capable of moving at the apparent speed that they moved. As I watched I became conscious of a very large area of sky that seemed to be slightly brighter than the rest positioned at the point where the white lights kept sweeping back to. It was very faint just a hint of greenish light barely perceptible in the clouds. It was only visible for a few minutes and seemed to slowly fade out completely, sometimes being barely detectable and sometimes not. I didn't see it any more after this, although the white lights continued for a long time.

After 10 minutes or so I decided to go outside for a better view. There was no sound or other sensation. The lights continued to sweep across the sky back into their central formation and out again to various random positions. Sometimes there were only two visible, sometimes up to five or six. Occasionally they came together to form a line and seemed to have beams of light from the front of the formation - it reminded me of the crown on the statue of liberty. Then they would resume their random movement.

This continued and I tried to take a video on my phone but it just came out black. I then tried taking pictures and managed to get a few images with blurry faint patches of light in them. I just took pictures sequentially hoping to get something useful. Because the lights were moving only a few came out very faintly in the pictures, most pictures showed nothing.

This had been going on now for over an hour and it occurred to me that it couldn't be a show or event. There was no sound, no distant music and it was nearing midnight on a Sunday. I became worried and called my ex-wife on the phone. She lives about two miles away; and asked her if she could see anything from her place. She could not, but stayed on the phone and talked about what I could see as it continued. I then went and looked out from the front of the house and at the rest of the sky to see if there was any activity anywhere else. There was none. Only the area of sky extending away between the north and north west had these strange lights.

I was still on the phone to my ex and she suggested that we call the police to explain what was going on and enquire as to whether they knew of any events or if anyone else had seen anything. I agreed and she called them as I continued to watch the sky.

She called me back to say that the Police had said that there were no events that they knew of and that there had been no other reports of these lights. They said they would investigate and possibly send an officer to my house. I never had a visit from them and heard nothing more. I imagine they thought it a hoax.

By now it was nearing 12:30 and I was very tired. I went to bed, but could not sleep. Around 1:30 I got up and looked out of the back upstairs window. The lights had moved much further away and there seemed to only be three or four of them. They had moved maybe a mile to the north but seemed quite bright. I tried taking some more pictures with my phone and some were quite successful this time. The lights were closer to the horizon, just visible above the roof line. The weather was deteriorating and it was raining now. The lights became fainter, and harder to see, presumably because of the rain.

By now I was tired, worried and frankly frightened by the imagined consequences of what I had seen. I went to bed and slept on and off for the rest of the night. When I awoke, which seemed to be every hour or so I went and looked out of the window but I didn't see any more lights.

A COINCIDENCE?

In the morning I noticed that my rain gauge wasn't working. I monitor and log the weather as a hobby and looked to see how much rain we had had in the night. The display said 4700mm of rain; clearly an impossibility.

Inside the sensor is a small "spoon" which tips over when it fills with rain. It takes 0.5mm of rain for one "tip" operation. There is a small magnet in the end of the spoon which passes a hall-effect sensor as the spoon tips, thus recording the amount. It appears that this sensor had recorded over 9400 magnetic operations overnight. Also the sensor was no longer working, sending random data to the weather logger. 

I have a second 'commercially bought' weather station which has a similar rain gauge. I keep two as a backup and to compare data between them and derive an average. The rain gauge for the second station which is of similar design is mounted on the roof. That too had recorded over 4000mm (8000 + ) operations overnight, but still appears to be operational.

All this was on Sunday night. It is now Tuesday morning. I set up a 'security' camera last night to cover the same area of sky. Last night was clear and I looked out regularly. There was nothing out of the ordinary to see last night. I don't know if the camera is sensitive enough to record anything anyway but I have left it out. Today it is raining so I expect there to be cloud cover tonight. The same conditions as Sunday. Time will tell.

I was going to upload my pictures but as there are around 30 of them it didn't seem that practical. Contact me if you want copies and I'll upload them. They are about 900Kb each.

I decided to upload just the last few that show the lights best. These are from about 1:30 when the lights were further away. You can see them just above the roofs.
