{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-08 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283132","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120311","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3330,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/132/mufon-5283132.json","updb_database_id":5283132}
Glowing thing looked like a drone, but was not

This event took place at nighttime, and it was winter so the tree leaves are all fallen and we can have visibility to the west. To the west is a small deciduous forest, then the highway, and a church directly across about 560ft away from the window of the house. Very bright light (white and blue, mixture of both?) above an area that was not inhabited, and was hovering very still. Approximate distance perceived was about 985ft away, I'd estimate height maybe 100ft, hard to say. Realized the size of the light was very large, even though a depth or dimension of it was nearly imperceivable (it was just bright light). It was for sure larger than a drone. At this time, I called for the girlfriend to come see (she was quick), and she very smartly began to film on the phone. She was astonished at what it was, which gave some validation that what we are seeing is something very strange. It stayed there for about a minute or so hovering above an area I believe to be a small field beside the (not so active) neighborhood and behind the church. The light moved so fast towards the east, it was ridiculous. As I write this, my body gets chills because it's taken the better part of a year to cope with what I saw. I've told a few people (who probably think I'm nuts), and unfortunately the video that was taken was not in focus good enough but kinda shows the light. I saw no blue in the video, and I tried to find it in FB messenger to no avail but can continue searching. The most valuable part I think from that video was that there was a light and our reaction to it just taking off super fast. 

Little more context...
I've seen a few odd things before, one was figured out years later (an exploding meteorite over the gulf in FL; it made daylight for a split second!), and saw a satellite-sized light (meaning, it would be mistaken as satellite) traveling FASTER than a satellite, making several 90 degree turns while in Hot Springs, AR. That was witnessed by no less than 6 of us. But this event has wrecked me internally because I can offer no logical explanation of what it was and how it could move as fast as it did, how close it was to us, and I can't convince myself to STOP thinking about it. It's been causing me anguish since seeing it. I've noticed some military aircraft that travel near our house on flight paths, including a few times the B2 bomber. Whiteman AF Base isn't close, but with those aircraft isn't too far. We've seen some sort of larger plane without lights on, only thing barely visible I could see like a side door or rear door open with red lighting inside. Probably night training. But NONE OF THAT has lateral correlation with this blue/white light.
