{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-19 18:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503132","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55828","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2685,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/132/mufon-5503132.json","updb_database_id":5503132}
{kt}Out hunting last October noticed bright light overhead with commercial craft flying directly below disc/saucer.

Last October NE of Brownsville at 1810 hrs. spotted by my son as he was confusing the bright object with the evening star. Weather very warm and crystal blue skies. This was in a gated area of forest known as Kirk Avenue. After I identified direction and noticed that 2 airliners passed underneath this craft, glass was deployed. Binoculars could not pull in the object. I retrieved my spotting scope and was able to identify the object as a disc, wobbling in one position. Almost right on top of my location. I detected a slight rise on the top of the disc as it wobbled. Underside, I noticed a black geometric shape square but not quite square. We observed this craft for up to 6 minutes, maybe longer. I made an attempt to marry a cell phone camera to the spotting scope in that short time span and getting set for a picture the object was gone. The distance from me to the disk had to be at approx. 50k in feet from my position maybe higher. This was my second UFO/IFO event for 2013. 

March 2013, date forgotten, early evening I observed the same type of shining light between my house and the Cascades, distance was over 10 miles direction from myself was due NE. Weather mixed sun and thunderheads. I noticed the bright shining light. Pointed this light to a witness and we watched for about 4-5 minutes. Cloud was moving south from the shining object and this object slowly slid into the thunderhead on a straight path of travel. Not seen again that day.

May 2013 members of my family out for an evening walk and they noticed 3 red lights and they did record the event. I did review the filming by digital device, cell phone camera. This went on for a shorter period of time that my October sighting. I was advised that the lights were above the Peterson Butte area West of Lebanon. One light zips off and with a quickness and returned to the previous formation.
