{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-04 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454132","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107488","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2795,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/132/mufon-5454132.json","updb_database_id":5454132}
{jpg} Made me blink!

I look out kitchen window and saw 2 silver objects fly out from a cloud and then quickly go back into clouds and i couldn't see them. It's like one was following the other, like they were playing.  I went outside to get better view and I looked up and saw in distant 2 very large birds.  I did not see the objects again but those birds were strange. I remember BLINKING my eyes and then they were gone. I remember walking back into house and thinking to myself.." If those were birds they're damn big birds!!" About 2 wks later I'm outside on July 4th looking at fireworks at approx 9pm. I look toward south and I see what looked like a pinkish reddish headlight on a flying object coming toward me about 600 ft away and maybe 50 ft up.  I don't know why but I BLINKED again and it was gone!!  I thought to myself "no way" and "where did it go". It hadn't been more than a second so I looked straight up above me and there it was.  It was right above me and my full grown oak tree.  I just remember seeing it, no lights. It was as black as black can be. Blacker than the sky. I could see its side right above me and for some reason I remember thinking it looked like an hour glass shape- just the one side as I couldn't see the rest of it. I would have to say I couldn't see the rest as the tree was hiding it but I figured it was maybe 50 to 75 ft wide and as high as my tree, maybe 50 ft. I don't why but something made me look down and when I looked back up it was gone.  Whatever it was could read my thoughts and was playing games with me with the Blinking and looking down because I Know there's no way I would have looked down. About a month later, at night, I was driving to post office at approx 8pm and I kept seeing a very big bright light in sky that wasn't moving. At first I thought it was a helicopter because it wouldn't move but it was over a wooden area with no road access.  After watching it for at least 3 minutes I wanted to test it.....there wasn't any traffic so I pulled over and stopped the car without taking my eyes off it and blinked my eyes.....Guess what......it was gone.  So glad I got to tell someone about my experiences.  I will never forget it
