{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1984-11-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488132","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71519","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3551,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/132/mufon-5488132.json","updb_database_id":5488132}
{cak} Creature sighting unidentifiable

I went on a quick drive with my high school buddy and his two friends to have some beers before we had to play the halftime show in the High School pep band for our basketball team when we turned a 90 degree turn on an old country road and saw a creature that was about 4' tall with huge eyes and big ears that came to a point. It seemed to have longer arms in proportion to its body with what would seem to be hands almost touching the ground. I cannot remember if it had a color to it or not. As har as hair goes, I cannot remember that very well either. The ears and the eyes is what was so bizarre and it lookied like it was kind of squatting there. We saw it for at the most 6 seconds but that was enough. I knew the spot well because my girlfriend and I used to park behind a little mound right where the creature stood. Just myself and the other student sitting next to me saw it. The ligh from the side marker in the front of the car is the light we saw it in as we were in the back seat of the car which was a 1970's Camero. We both turned to each other and I said, "Did you see that!" and we then went back and forth describing the thing like, " it had big ears," and then he would say " yea, and it seemed like it had some hair on them" ect...... My friend the driver tore off in a hurry as the tone of our voices were very serious. I was not friends with this student sitting next to me so they knew we were serious. We never talked about it after that.
I have to tell you I was raised in that area and was an avid fisherman and outdoorsman. I was in the scouts with the driver who became and Eagle Scout. I know every animal in the wild. It was not a gopher, groundhog or anything close. I am now 47 and I can almost see it in my mind. It was watching us drive by. About a half mile away is Carbon Limestone and there are a lot of quarries we used to fish and drink at. Oh, and we had barely had one beer that night. I saw a video about someon who saw something similar called a pukwudghie or something. All I know is what I saw and it was real I swear to you. I can give you the names of the others if you like. 
  Later in life I had another incident I really don't like to talk about but someone should know. I used to have horrible dreams and my wife at the time used to wake me. After our divorce, I woke up with a burning sensation on my arm. I mean it felt like I had burned my skin. There were 2 sets of 3 scratches on my right arm. I tried using neosporin, hydrodrgen peroxide, and soap for about 15 minutes until it calmed down. I do not wake easily and I watched the scratches welt up and start to bleed. I took a picture of them if you need it. 
  I have felt evil before in my life only a few times but that's enough to make believe that these things are evil. That is truely my opinion. I believe they are some kind of Nephelim like in the Bible. 
   Good luck on your cause and best regards.
