{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-12-22 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549132","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5974","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2308,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/132/mufon-5549132.json","updb_database_id":5549132}
USO to UFO off of the intracostal waterway of Sarasota

This event took place in December of 2000. I was in college at the time. I'm a lawyer now and have not told too many people about this because of the obvious ridicule. For that, I request that I remain anonymous. 
My friends and I were on vacation from college for the holidays. We all met up at "the nature trail" in a neighborhood called "The Landings." We all grew up together there and the nature trail is a place we used to hand out when we were kids. The nature trail is a trail that leads out to a covered area with benches on the intracostal waterway where we used to fish. 
That night, 3 of my friends and I were out at the intracostal talking when I observed something glowing under the water about 1.5 to 2 miles from where we were. I observed this for about 30 seconds. The object the rose out of the water and began to ascend slowly. At this time I turned to a friend and asked "what the hell is that?" He turned and observed the object and had no answer. The object appeared to be 30 to 50 meters in length and was glowing a bright red-orange. We observed the object in the air, slowly ascending, for approximately 20 seconds. As we were watching, I told my other friends to direct their attention to the object. My other two friends were able to observe the object for approximately 2 seconds before the object flashed up into the atmosphere. 
I felt very confused as did my friends. The two that only observed it for a few seconds blew it off as nonsense. The two of us that observed it for longer were left speechless. Before that incident I was very much a skeptic and had no idea that UFOs had ever been reported traveling under the water.
