{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-09 14:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452275","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109370","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2725,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/275/mufon-5452275.json","updb_database_id":5452275}
3-5 inch glowing white stick object, 1.5 inches across

Around 2:30pm on 6/9/2020 I was putting out new chairs in the garden with my wife and looked up to the North and saw from the corner of my eye a very noticeable bright white object (similar to a mozzarella cheese stick in size and color) drifting up from left to right into my foreground vision. The "stick" was about 30 feet horizontally from me, slowly rising from 10ft. to approx. 15 ft. There was little wind (although the tops of the trees were moving in a breeze) and this vertical "stick" ascended at about 1-2ft a second without any visible rotation or yaw during it's movement. There was horizontal (crosswind) drift but the stick remained rigid and pointing vertically as it continued on it’s path. I turned to my wife and said ‘Hey, quick, look at this. I wonder what that is! 

I quickly turned back but immediately lost sight of the white stick object. I was surprised that it had disappeared so quickly as I had mentally plotted it's path in the hopes of reacquiring it. While searching for the object, I noticed a little flash (more of a glint or reflection) in the bright blue background of the sky. I then noticed a small round stationary object sitting in the location of the previously observed flash/glint. It was approximately 300-500 ft above us. I pointed out the object to my wife and we both saw a round dull-silver object start to move away to the ESE. It meandered for about 3-5 seconds before accelerating off to the NE at an increasingly rapid pace.

The "white mozzarella stick" didn't appear to be flying trash - which was my first impression - but the lack of rotation and vertical rigidity of the "stick" made it appear controlled. What it was, I just don't know, although I feel it was connected to the spherical object sighted immediately after losing it visually.

To me, the spherical object looked like a grey, dull ball bearing, with a thin but discernible dark fuzz around the outside.

Unfortunately it happened so quickly (8 seconds total) that I didn’t get a chance to pull my cellphone out and snap a picture.
