{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-28 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453275","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108352","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2225,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/275/mufon-5453275.json","updb_database_id":5453275}
What looked like a comet in appearance but moving straight and level at low altitude

I have followed MUFON on TV for years and did not know who else to contact, lest I be cast as a lunatic. I live in Fate, Texas, about 30 minutes East of Dallas. We have a local TV station WFAA and they in turn have another station 8.2 which is devoted to weather. As such they have live stationary cameras stationed around town which they rotate around to during weather updates, showing various vantage points, mostly od downtown Dallas. We were expecting severe storms in Dallas last night and at about 6;30 to 6:35 PM I flipped over to WFAA 8.2 to see what they had to say. On the screen was a live shot looking from East to almost due West with Reunion Tower or some other building in the shot. Suddenly emerging on the screen from the left and moving to the right (South to North) was what looked like a fireball, except it was not glowing red, rather is was a dull grey color with no clear and definitive edges. Behind it was a short tail, similar to comets. I stared in disbelief when it moved across the screen, went behind the structure briefly and reappeared, maybe one second later. Almost immediately after reappearing on the other side they switched pictures to another scene. I would estimate that it was roughly 20-25 degrees above the horizon and traveling straight and level. The whole thing lasted maybe 3-5 seconds.I cannot be the only one seeing it and it is driving me crazy, not a long drive I might add. I could easily sketch what I saw, since it is indelibly imprinted in my mind. The TV station should have it on tape. What say you?
