{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-01-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463275","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97676","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2832,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/275/mufon-5463275.json","updb_database_id":5463275}
{cak} They hovered slowly downward toward their regular spot. When they saw me, they slowly cloated away.

so i first want to point out that i have contacted mufon before but was kind of ignored after speaking with some pushy womaan.

Yesterday i went hiking up behind/to the south of Hemet Maze Stone because i had seen very strange/hovering lights there on recent nights. Up at the top i found a large clearing that had a very large flat rock that was perfectly level with the clearing around it. In the center of this rock sat a hexagon shaped picnic table. Soon after my arrival the lights that sometimes have the capability to come across as airplanes began to come my way what i wod say north east. I hid behind a bush and attempted to film but my batt was quickly dying and im no photographer. All you can see is a very faint light for a moment on the vid. As these "airplanes" hovered down they clearly noticed me and began to slowly ascend. Id say there were about 4 or 5 in total. Now keep in mind it was dark outdide and my eyesight is far from great but as they slowly separated their group and went different ways or more than likely do the flight paths they usually do. Virtually every night, the brightest of them hung around at a distance and seemed to keep an eye on me for a little bit as i hiked my way out then eventually took off or went invisible i suppose.
I want to point out that i did get vid of the hexagon picnic table. At first glance they look like airplanes. But airplanes are far from this silent. Now i know they keep the stealth bomber at march either in moval and i have seen it flying around at night, sometimes low and nearly in the same vicinity as these lights, and i can tell the difference. At one point while hiking down i saw from a great distance in the hills two glowing liquid light ball orbs and hoverung what i would say about 30 feet off the ground. Climbing toward them I lost sight of them over Rocky Hill, keep in mind this is on the ridge of a range of hills that are directly behind Maze Stone, and by the time I got to where I thought they would be they were long gone.
