{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-09 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504275","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54620","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4045,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/275/mufon-5504275.json","updb_database_id":5504275}
{cak} MASS SIGHTING, ORBS, AND BIRDLIKE CREATURES

I was at the park with my daughter. I had her in a swing when i got a phone call from my cousin. He was frantic and told me to hurry up and go outside. I advised him that I was already outside. He told me to look up north east towards the moon. He stated that there was at least 40 objects in the sky. I took my daughter out of the swing and proceeded out from under the tree. I stayed on the phone with him, and to my amazement I spotted one object NW of the position of the moon. As I looked more to the left of the moon I saw a group of them. There was at least 30 of them. Mind you this is not my first encounter. I have been interested in the ufo phenom for some time now. Its very exciting. That being said, when I first saw the group of them It gave me a sort of feeling of anxiety. I have had sightings in the past, but the amount of objects in the sky at the time was almost overwhelming. As I watched in amazement, the objects worked together to form what looked like a peace sign, a square, and a circle. I noticed that no one found it strange that i had a child in my hand talking frantically and pointing at the sky. So i walked over to a family having a bbq and asked them if they wanted to see something cool. I never said what i was pointing to. I allowed them to see it on their own. At first they thought it was balloons, but they also witnessed the weird formations. I was about two blocks from where my cousin who called me was. So i hopped in my car and drove over to the house. There was my 2 uncles, about 3 neighbors, and my elderly grandmother. We have these ufo conversations all the time so everyone was extremely excited. When i got there the amount of objects probably reduced to about 10. But that was not even close to the end. We stayed out there for about 2-3 hours. It seemed as though all we had to do was scan the sky and we could spot one. There was one in particular that came closer than all the others. His size was double what the others were. I'm guessing because of the close proximity. It seemed as though he knew we could see him, and was saying hello. That could be complete b/s but that is how it made me feel. AND THENNNNNN!!!!!! lol like out of some sci-FY movie, leaves fell from the sky, in all directions. No wind, and the leaves were coming from at least 100 feet above the tree lines. AND IT WAS ALL DIRECTIONS. We all looked at each other like WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON !!!! AND THEN i looked up and saw about three birds acting kind of strange, as i pointed them out i looked to the right of them and noticed about 30-40 birds, flying in a circle, at about 1000 feet or more, in a frenzy like manner. Then they started to leave the circle. 2 at a time in a synchronized manner. We sat in the driveway Indian style for about another hour after the bird event. These objects were everywhere in all directions, coming and going, hovering, doing circles repetitively. The last one we spotted went over our head and back in the direction where it all started NW of the position of the moon. And that was that. Truly and amazing experience. Im not sitting here saying there were aliens controlling them. I DONT KNOW WHAT THEY WERE! I saw what i saw. I don't care if anyone believes what I am saying. I don't even talk to most people about this subject because it is outside of most people's comfort zone. All i can say is look up every once in a while.
