{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-06 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526275","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29418","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3352,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/275/mufon-5526275.json","updb_database_id":5526275}
lights in trees primarily, caught on video and eyewitnessed.,etc... shiny moving object in sky.

Back in April I noticed a orange, red, green, white and yellow object from my bathroom window. I saw it with my binoculars. Then I started to notice more strange things and became very aware of my surroundings. Since that first light I now know that there are things with almost a 
Predator like look about them. I actually saw when the wind blew a lime green snake like object with big green eyes with a vertical black line in the middle looking around and several feet away a brown and white owl like object under my tree with tiny moveable lights. I took my video camera and caught it on HD. I have since discovered there is actually something in tree's. I have many videos of lights in the tree's, during day and night. I see after all my current awareness that there is something illuminating the tree's. I feel like there always watching. Because you usually see two lit dots close together then one or all will dim out. It seems to manipulate the foliage and has some intellictual intent to hide. But I see it!!!! I am an RN, not Registered Nut! I have proof that will back up my statements. The wind really seems to excacerbate these things. The setting and rising sun lights really glitters brillantly off these things in the trees. At night I get a little scared because I saw a projection like large snake like face in my binoculars looking at me. At work, I caught this deformed snake like object(s), in a tree at night all green, moving and lighting up when I took my cell phone and video camera to it. I have an employee witness this with me and alone. Please help. I need to know what a professional thinks of my footage. I want you to come and see for yourself. I know this can't be explained. But I know this is REAL! 
 This all started in April, 2011. I also have seen a silver blinking dancing light in the sky at times. And there is a red, green, yellow reflection on my neighbors garage door. Also, I have seen it above the tree line and I think in the sky. 
 One night at sunset I saw red lights twirling around in two occassions in the woods. SCARY. And when I was at work I saw a christmas light like bubble blob over a tree then followed by two red twinkling round ones in succession. My witness saw one of them two. This is when he started to think I was crazy until I showed him that weired lighted green thing in the tree. I have it on my camera's. Call me, cell is [phone number removed/cms/tg]]. I have seen you guys before, wait til you see my stuff!!!! I hope you contact me soon. This is such a stressor for me to know of it basically alone.
 Thanks for your attention.
                        [name removed/cms/tg], RN 6-11
