{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-10 22:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517275","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40747","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2492,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/275/mufon-5517275.json","updb_database_id":5517275}
(gs) Triangular in shape with a blue strobe light

I drive for a freight company out of salt lake city,at approximately 9:37pm on July 10th 2012 while driving west towards nevada, I first witnessed an amber light in the shape of an upsidedown light bulb going in and out of a cloud which was about 1/4 mile away. I watched this light for about 2 minutes before noticing the next object. about 3 miles west of there I witnessed in the distance 3 moving objects flying from South to North in a stright pattern flying approximately 25 miles per hour, It was a weird experience after that! I kept seeing flashes of light around the hillside but away from the objects that Id just seen. The flashes of light are hard to discribe, to me it looked like something out of a syfy movie... I had to pull over at a rest stop to witness these weird sightings. The lights that I was seeing were... I really don't know how else to discribe this... It was like balls of light exploding on the ground and spreading outward about a quarter mile in diameter! I watched this for about 7 minutes. In that 7 minute timeframe I watched this happen 2 different times and the balls of light fell on 2 different locations but, you didn't see the lights fall from the sky to the ground... it was like the light came from underground and all you saw was the light spreading outward with contact to the surface! The scary part for me was watching this unfold so close to a chemical plant!!! After waiting about another 5 minutes and seeing nothing happening I continued on my trip to nevada. Approximately 6 hours later on my way back to Salt lake City, Utah I witnessed and recorded on my phone Military Vehicles leaving the area where I had seen those light anomalies happening the previous night! Just thought it was ALOT of weird happenings all in a very short time! And thought even if its explainable, i t needed to be reported!
