{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-07-15 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549275","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5086","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2432,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/275/mufon-5549275.json","updb_database_id":5549275}
Objects seen 4th Night in a row over Delray Beach, Florida

I saw the Objects again last night.
I was out with the night vision camcorder not seeing anything unusual earlier in the evening.
Around 11:30PM I was just about to call it a night when I saw a Bright streak come from the east move to the southwest. So I aimed the camcorder towards where I saw the object go.
5 mins later I saw it.
It was I'd say a mile from me just above the clouds and it pulsated 3 times than blinked out to nothing.
About 10 mins later another object streaked by moving in the same direction maybe the same object moving back to the original area.
I viewed it on Video but it1s too hard to see.
These are the same objects I have been seeing now for over 8 weeks in this area.
These objects move so fast they look like shooting stars. They are moving at very high rate of speed to from one spot to another location in the blink of an eye almost like a sci-fi movie.
Nothing could catch these objects we have on this Planet.
So this is 4 Nights in a row that I have seen these objects.
I wonder if anyone reading this in the Boca, Delray, Palm Beach areas are seeing these objects as well.
I don't think they show up on Radar because I have not seen any Military aircraft chasing them. The funny thing is it seems they can make themselves invisible by just turning off their light, without the light you would never know they were there.
I was tempted to try and signal them with a flashlight but I decided I didn't want to take a chance on inviting something that I may not like to see or experience so I'll just keep trying to catch them on film.

These craft are coming to this area for a reason and I don't know why.
I know others are seeing these objects here they are just not reporting them.
I'll just keep reporting what I see.
Thanks JC
