{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-19 08:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521983","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34215","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3745,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/983/mufon-5521983.json","updb_database_id":5521983}
White private aircraft sized object.

Newark, Wayne County, NY

I'm not certain there's a benefit in reporting this other than the hopes that someone else saw more than I did. I'm not certain what it was, but when you consider the clearly defined terminology of a UFO, it definitely fits that criteria - I don't know what it was (unidentified), it was flying, and it was definitely an object.

Monday, 08:10AM. Visibilty:clear and unobstructed. Blue skies w/ no cloud ceiling.

I was traveling to work in a NW direction on Hydesville Rd. I had just crested a hill and was starting to travel down a slight slope with about 1/8th to 1/4 mile visibility in front of me before Hydesville curved slightly to the south. Ahead was the junction for Sandhill Rd which travels North off Hydesville Rd. Directly opposite the junction of Sandhill, on the south side, is a stand of scrub trees approximately 20 - 30' tall. Again, I had crested the hill and I had a clear, unobstructed view of the Sandhill Rd. junction approximately 1/8th to 1/4 mile in front of me. I immediately saw what I first thought was a pure white private aircraft barely clearing the treetops from the south and crossing the roadway at 20 -30 ft of altitude in a Northbound flightpath. As it crossed Hydesville I thought I could detect it starting to ascend at the same rate as Sandhill Rd. Duration of this sighting was probably less than a second considering it's estimated speed of 50mph combined with my field of view of perhaps 100 or so feet from my reported distance away, which, again, I estimate at 1/8th to 1/4 mile. 

In the split second I observed this object it became very clear to me that this was not a private aircraft as it had no wings, vertical stabilizer, cockpit, registration number, graphics, and any landing gear was non-evident. Nor did it have a perceptible smooth surface that an aircraft would have. If anything, it appeared to have clearly defined protrusions that stuck out at fairly acute angles. I can only describe it as having a Lego-type structure - an all white, Lego-type structure. The angles and protrusions were that clearly defined. Overall length I would have to estimate at less than 25' as it did not take up both lanes of Hydesville Rd as it passed over.

I knew I wanted to see more of whatever it was I just saw. It took me a few seconds to get to Sandhill Rd. I turned north on Sandhill and progressed up a slight hill where the view went from fairly heavily wooded to a moderately open area where visibility widened substantially. I saw nothing. Whatever it was had either eluded my view, crashed, or simply vanished. Considering the speed at which it was traveling, relative to the time it took me to get to, and turn up, Sandhill Rd., I should have seen, at the very least, a glimpse of whatever this anomaly actually was. 

I was sadly disappointed as the object managed to elude additional sighting. My frustration level is enormous as I only caught enough of a glimpse of this object to know that I have no clue what it was. But I do know what it wasn't - something I've ever seen before.

Thank you for taking the time to read.
