{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-14 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501983","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57041","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5151,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/983/mufon-5501983.json","updb_database_id":5501983}
Five bright red/organge lights and one bright white light

I was standing at the back door of my home, smoking a cigarette. The door faces roughly SSE into the back garden.
  I noticed a series of what I deduced to be five lights in the SE moving from left to right. My view was partially obstructed by a tree, so I had to observe these over roughly one minute and move from side to side to get a better view at first. Then as most of the objects moved past the tree I could see them clearly.
  As I saw the first light I thought of an aircraft, but then realised this was not a usual aeroplane or helicopter. The light was solid and single 1 there was no variance in colour, nor was there any appearance of flashing, both of which I would associate with an aircraft.
  I then realised that there was more than one light and counted five. All appeared to be of the same colour and all were moving from left to right from my vantage point, which I assumed was consistent with objects floating in the wind, which immediately made me think of Chinese lanterns.
  I have observed these objects before however, indeed I have used them myself and these did not appear consistent with my previous observations.
  Firstly the lights were constant 1 there was no flickering such as you would get with the flame burning under a Chinese lantern. This was the case until the objects faded from view in the sky.
  Secondly, they were a pink/rose colour, not the usual orange/red I would associate with the flame on a lantern.
  Thirdly, these objects did not look like they were drifting. They were moving quite quickly, quicker certainly than a typical jet-liner would move, although slower than a fighter jet.
  Unlike a military or civil jet however, there was no noise, and I did listen for some. With five objects moving at once the cumulative noise should have been detectable at least, and considering the late hour of the sighting I do not believe the military would be flying jets this close to a town.
  The elevation of the objects was not the same, as if they were moving in line astern. Their elevations varied from maybe thirty to forty degrees between them.
  As the objects moved directly in front of me (more or less to the south), they started to 1go out1. This at least would be consistent with a Chinese lantern, although it did not look like a flame guttering. They simply dimmed from sight.
  At least one, possibly two had disappeared when I saw a sixth light moving into my field of vision from the W, which was white and slightly brighter than the others.
  This last light was to the south of me by some distance and at an apparent elevation of thirty five to forty degrees also. I believe its trajectory was from NW to SSE. Possibly my angle was confused however, as I1m reasoning it might1ve been moving from west to east, which would of course be consistent with some man-made orbital objects.
  However, this was a very bright object: brighter than any satellite I1ve ever seen. I don1t believe I1ve seen the ISS as bright as this either. A cursory check of internet sources appears to show that the ISS was currently over the southern Indian Ocean in any case, closer to Australia than it is to England, which if correct would rule it out as an explanation.
  I can say that it was brighter than Sirius and brighter than most manifestations of the planet Venus, barring a direct opposition to earth.
  I can say with total certainty that its apparent magnitude was below zero. 
  This object traveled some way in a SW direction, ending up more or less directly to the S of me before it faded out. (In a manner consistent with the way satellites would fade.)
  By the time it faded out most of the pink coloured lights had also gone. At most only one or two were left and these faded out too, leaving the entire incident with an estimated duration of approximately two to three minutes.
  At the time I realised that these lights didn1t appear to be aircraft, satellites or Chinese lanterns, I did call inside the house to try and get my parents and girlfriend to come out and see, however, none of them did.
  Unfortunately I had no devices to hand which I could have recorded the incident with.

  I would like to request that whichever FI is assigned to this case that Denise Stoner be allowed a copy of this report and subsequent investigation data, as I have had dealings with this lady before and she holds a large amount of data on file about me. (She has been my FI with regards to a number of abduction incidents in my life.)
