{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-02 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284983","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118429","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2936,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/983/mufon-5284983.json","updb_database_id":5284983}
Multiple drone-like UAPs sighted shortly after sunset

I am a retired air traffic controller with years of experience observing and identifying aircraft. Saturday evening my wife and I spent time at a state park about five miles south our home in Pope County, Minnesota. The sky cleared before sunset, giving me a perfect view of the night sky. As twilight faded, I started to observe planets, high-flying aircraft, satellites, stars and the Milky Way. Just above the horizon to the southwest of my location I observed what appeared to be a small drone. It seemed to be about a mile from me. I could not hear the normal buzz of a drone. Also, it seemed to have it's own light source, glowing yellow-orange, about as bright as a star. It looked like an orb, with "legs" angling down from either side. There were no aircraft style navigation lights or strobes. It hoovered, moved slowly right and left, up and down. 

I was with a group and we were communicating by radio. I asked our group leader if he was aware of a drone operating in the area. He was.not. He also reported that he was in a low spot in the woods, and did not have a good view of the sky. 

After some time I looked away, and when I turned back I could not see the object. A few minutes later I notice an identical looking object about the same distance from me to the north. It was higher above the horizon, but it's appearance and movements were identical. Then I observed another identical object directly to my west, also higher above the horizon. There were now two objects in the area simultaneously. At this point I tried to contact others in my group to ask if they were seeing what I was seeing. At that time I noticed that my radio was tuned to a different channel. I switched back to the correct, common channel, but found that I was unable to transmit or receive. 

While driving home from the park, I was describing to my wife what I had observed. We stopped after reaching a hilltop with a good view of the sky. Neither of us could see anything out of the ordinary. Then, as we were nearing home, both of us observed what I had previously observed. It appeared to be about a mile away to our northeast, hoovering low over Lake Minnewaska. Our sight line became obstructed by trees as we drove. We lost sight of the object and could not see once we got home.
