{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-07-14 09:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288983","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114376","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7391,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/983/mufon-5288983.json","updb_database_id":5288983}
Yr 1991. Two sightings aprox 3 weeks apart, in Calthorpe park. 1st was a landed object, 2 witnesses. 2nd a low flying object aprox 8 witnesses.

1st sighting: Approx. 9.00pm Sunday 14th July 1991. I was 12yrs old. My mother Diana and i had called for our neighbour Pauline to walk our dogs together in the park. 
At Calthorpe park approx. 9.15pm our dogs began barking at what we thought were the bushes and the river Rea, which divided one half of the park from the other. We went closer to look through the large gap in the bushes to see an object on the ground in the other half of the park. At first I thought it might be some sort of band stand because seemed to be dome shaped on top and was raised off the ground on 4 legs. It was dark in colour like dark grey or black. There were no lights coming off it. 
Pauline said the fair must be setting up there and it was a new attraction. My mum pointed out that the fair wasn't due and there were no fairground lorries or caravans which accompany the fair at the site. My mum suggested it could be a UFO. She didn't believe in ufos at the time and thought them far fetched. But didn't know what else it could be. The dogs were barking, Sheba was a German shepherd and our dog Elizabeth was a Yorkshire terrier. They never barked at the fair but this upset them. So we left the park. 
The next morning I called for my friends to walk to school. We always walked through the area of the park where the ufo was landed. There was no sign of the UFO or the fair. I didn't see any evidence on the ground but I didn't think to look properly. My mum had asked me not to walk through the park because she was rattled about what we saw. I still walked through it with my friends. My mum wouldn't go back to the park for almost 3 weeks to walk the dog. When we did go back everything was fine for a couple of nights. We saw nothing. 
2nd sighting: Approx. Aug 10th 1991 at around 9.10pm. My mother and i went to walk the dog Elizabeth at the park. We didn't call for our neighbour as we hadn't walked together since that incident due to my mum changing the routine. My. Mum and i walked down court rd and turned into the park on Clevedon rd. Our dog was sniffing around the trees by the bus stop. I was looking around and saw something fly very fast around the tower blocks in the distance on Frank st Highgate. I told my mum, by the time she looked it was almost overhead to bring just above a tree near the bus stop. She saw the UFO as a bus pulled up. There were about half a dozen people on the bus. They came to the window and pointed at the ufo. We could see it was disk shaped. 
My mum told me to run. As we were already just inside the park and there was a row of houses all along the park edge we ran through the park keeping close to the road with the row of houses because we could have knocked on a door if we got into trouble. We ran up the hill. My mum stopped at the top because the dog was freaking out and trying to run in all directions. She bent down to pick the dog up who was peeing at the time. So my mum got covered in that. She told me to hurry up as we looked back to see where the UFO was. It was almost overhead, it had followed us up the hill. We could see it very clear. It was disk shaped with a dome on top it had lights all the way around it which seemed to be white. I couldn't tell if the lights were coming from windows or if they were just lights. I couldn't see any legs on it during this sighting. If a 2 story building is approx. 20ft high this was hovering at at least twice that night. I estimate it was hovering around 60ft almost above us.
My mum grabbed my jacket by the shoulder and pulled me to get me run with her because I was staring at the UFO. This made me look away. My mum was still looking while grabbing me. She later said she saw a door open and saw a silhouette of a humanoid figure standing in the doorway. She couldn't tell if it was human or alien. 
We ran to cross the road as we did we saw the ufo (no door open) fly over the top of the row of houses where it hovered. We crossed over and my mum banged on her friend’s door who lived at the corner house as you turn onto Edward rd. No-one answered right away, my mum was to panicked to wait so we ran around the corner onto Edward rd we could no longer see the ufo at this time. Then we ran onto court rd to get home. We lived on a housing estate in a 2 story block of flats. My mum ran straight to her bedroom window because it overlooks the houses where we had last seen it hovering. She called me in and we both saw it shoot off really fast in a NE direction. 
My step dad could see my mum was shaking with fear and asked her what happened and why we had taken so long to take the dog out he said he started to worry because we were taking so long. It usually took approx. 45mins to walk the dog. 15 mins travel to the park and 30 mins at the park. This night we had run home almost as soon as getting to the park, so we should have got home within 20 mins. I was sent to bed while they talked about what happened and why we must have taken longer than the usual 45 mins. We were conscious the whole time and running. I remember the entire journey home and was on my feet the whole time. So I do not believe that we could have been taken at all. But i don’t know why it took so long to get home. 
The next day my mum told me to sit in the kitchen and write and draw what I saw while she did the same in the other room. Our accounts were almost identical. She wanted to report the sighting but then changed her mind after becoming afraid. So she ripped the accounts up and told me never to tell anyone because people would think we were mad. She refused to talk about it again. 
It had a psychological impact on me because I saw something which terrified my mum and i couldn't tell anyone about it in case they thought I was mad. I had nightmares for weeks after about the UFO but again couldn't tell anyone.
Photos included show:
Photo set 1:
Calthorpe park and the gap in the bushes. My location was on the right of the bushes. The UFO was landed almost in line with gap and on football pitch area.
Photo set 2: 
the bus stop
The trees we stood near
The hill we stopped on
Photo set 3:
Areal view of park inc bus stop.
The hill
The point we crossed the road
The view of house tops where UFO hovered when we crossed over.
Areal map of the roads inc the T shaped structure of flats where I lived at the time.
