{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1966-10-15 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547983","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"13168","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4499,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/983/mufon-5547983.json","updb_database_id":5547983}
It looked like a bowl facing down on top of a saucer--with "windows."

My wife and I were leaving the church where we served on weekends to head back to Lincoln Christian Seminary in Lincoln IL. We were in the Kaskaskia River bottom land, on a gravel road. My wife thought she saw something in the sky before we entered some trees by the river. I said, "That must be a helicopter or an airplane." She said, "That was no helicopter or an airplane!" We crossed the Wren Bridge (a plank affair in those days) and up a steep bluff in our VW Bug, past a farm house, then turned right on a road--actually, a dusty, two-wheel track. We were heading for the blacktop road to Ramsey IL, a tiny town on Route 51 north of Vandalia IL and west of where we were. Suddenly my wife yelled, "What's that?!" I stopped the car and looked off to my left. There was a huge thing, the size of a big ranch house, floating in the air about 1/4 mile away. We stared at it and began to be afraid. "What is that?" She asked. "I don't know," I said. We sat and watched it about 20 seconds. Suddenly, it began moving toward us! We were terrified. I was frantically trying to get the VW in reverse, but in my panic I couldn't find reverse. She yelled, "Turn off the lights!" I did. The thing stopped. It sat there slowly floating, maybe 400 yards away. It had transluscent things that looked sort of like windows, and a light would blink in one, then the next, going from left to right. Both ends of the thing had a red glow. Now I had a 35 mm camera that I had been using to do night photos of the moon, clouds, and other things. It was loaded and in the back seat, but in our panic, neither of us even thought of it until much later. We watched the thing for maybe a minute. It slowly tilted up away from us, and then went off to the west at about a 45 degree angle into the sky, silently and with tremendous speed. It disappeared in about a second. "What WAS that?" we kept asking each other. I put the VW in gear and went on down to the next turn, a left turn. Just after turning left, my wife yelled, "There it is again!" I almost ran off the road. I stopped and we sat there and watched the thing for about 2 minutes. It was again back near where we had been. It floated there for a while, tilted up toward the west again, and sped off at great speed. All the way back to Lincoln IL my wife kept watching the sky. I said, "We've gotta tell someone." We ended up going by my major professor's house for my masters degree. He was up, studying. We knocked softly on his back door, and he came to the door. I said, "We just saw a flying saucer." He invited us in and went and woke up his family--his wife and two daughters. They came and sat at the table. We sat at that table and recounted the whole story. His wife said, "Why don't you tell the police?" I said, "They don't know us; they'd just think we were a couple of wierdos." Their kids, though young at the time, remember that night to this day. [One of the daughters is the wife of a college president. We were privileged to work together at a college a few years back.] Anyway--later on we talked to my older brother. He was one of two government advisors back then, over the manned space project. When we started to tell him the story in southern CA, he separated us into two rooms and had us draw a picture and explain what happened. We gave them to him later on, and he said, "I'll see that General LeMay gets these." He was to be in a meeting with him later that month. The next time I talked to my brother, he assured me that he had given those two papers to LeMay, who was then the general over the U S Air Force. LeMay, Dave said, glanced at the pictures and said, "Oh, yes. We know about these. They aren't terrestrial." They had a further conversation I will not include here. If I'd seen this by myself, I would never have told anyone....
