{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517983","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39699","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9798,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/983/mufon-5517983.json","updb_database_id":5517983}
{dr}Saw multiple LARGE black triangle shaped unidentified crafts in sky while leaving portland, coming towards the city. They were coming out of a thunderstorm.

While taking a night trip to Washington, as we were leaving Portland on I-84 E we noticed something large looming over our vehicle. I was in the back seat, and saw it last, and the driver was having a hard time concentrating - wanting the view the object that looked like it was going to land on us but not wanting to get into a wreck. Earlier, we had been put on edge with seeing some kind of light flash far in the distance, in the direction we were driving. Looking up, in the small amount of time we had to get a good look, a gigantic black Triangle hovered partway over the road, and partway over the lower area to the left of the road. It had small lights on each corner of the triangle, and a small center light. There was no spotlight or beam type of light coming from the lights, they seemed extremely flat and were out of view at a certain distance because of the angle. We caught a hint of patterns etched into the black/grey surface of the triangle, but it was such a short glance we cannot be sure what we saw in regards to the types of patterns - the best I can say is something like squiggles or abstract lines, nothing like the outline of a hull door or definite squares and lines that you see on normal planes. More like it was decorated, not for function. It had a hint of being metallic, but it was nighttime viewing an extremely dark object, so our hints are vague at best. The "point" of the triangle was pointed towards Portland, behind us. It had the look of having either just landed and was heading UP, or was descending DOWN, but our speed on the highway plus the fact it was hovering and not moving forward or backwards, it was hard to tell. I got the best view looking out the back of the car, and saw it as we drove away. It was most definitely larger than any plane, say if you watch a plane land and you see its actual size, it was much larger. It was below the tree line so soon it was obscured by the trees (we were getting into a much more forested part of I-84 E), and at this time me and my fiance (the driver) and our friend were in a heated "OH MY GOD WHAT WAS THAT" discussion, and going methodically through makes and models of planes and military aircrafts. I couldnt contribute much, being the only girl in the car. I just kept looking at the sky. Soon, I start noticing more triangle shapes coming out of the distant clouds, some that had already been making their way over the mountains and were getting closer to the city. They were all headed precisely towards Portland. They came from both our left and our right, but at this time Im first noticing the ones on our Right. I still have a good view of Portland behind us, and I see two triangles making their way towards the river and the bridge we passed over only minutes ago. Near them, a plane is on its normal route, giving me a good comparison for size. The lights seem bigger than the plane lights, and the shapes (made more noticeable by being darker than the sky and blotting out what stars were there - the clouds were in front of us, it was clear above Portland). I had no way to tell if the plane noticed or not. It just went along its way. The triangles (moving at a speed maybe a little faster than the plane, but not by much - they had a way of seeming unconcerned and confident, but Im emotional and tend to put feelings on things that theres no actual way to tell thats how they felt). Some seemed to have their middle light on, and some did not. At this point, I begin to panic, thinking that we were being invaded by someone on the coast and this was our military coming to fight the war - or it was an enemy force coming to bomb the heck out of portland. I kept thinking, "Stealth bombers are triangles, right?!" so I was convinced Portland was going to be bombed, and I couldnt help but think of my family and friends. I proceeded to be emotional, and panic. I also continued to observe. I watch as a helicopter moves across the bridge, following the river like most news helicopters do (I couldnt tell what color the helicopter was, but the shape seemed average, nothing special) and was headed straight for the triangles. It seemed maybe slightly lower altitude then them, where they had seemed slightly lower than the plane from before. I kept thinking that the helicopter couldnt possibly NOT see them - they were headed straight for each other! I watched as they got closer and closer but soon our momentum with the traffic of I-84E took us too far and I couldnt see. I looked at the rest of the sky and saw 2 to 4 more on each side, coming from the mountains and clouds, and headed in the same direction - Portland. I continued to panic, completely forgetting I had a camera sitting in the purse that I had so casually at my feet. Trust me, Ive regretted this every single day after and will for the rest of my life. I continued to see them appear to each side of us, and above us (I have to mention, these are all higher elevation than the one we first passed, that seemed low enough for us to be able to hear any noise and be deaf from it, if it were any normal aircraft - but it was silent. These were all at different heights but still much higher than that one. We soon noticed that we were following the tail end of a thunderstorm, headed northeast like we were. It seemed like these crafts were coming OUT of that storm, headed south/southwest. Soon, there were no more, and I had my face glued to the windows the rest of the night, not wanting to miss a single second of possibly seeing any more. Because I was sure, if I stared at it long enough, I would be enlightened to what it was, and be assured that it wasnt going to bomb Portland. The storm, which ended up right where we were headed, was a strong one, tons of lightning and thunder and apparently even started some wildfires in Yakima, our destination. We arrived in Yakima with the horizon tinted with the glowing red of fires, very common in that area in the summertime. We eventually dared to say it - that they might have been UFOs, something not human. We still tossed around bombers and military crafts but the nagging feeling that we just saw something amazing and otherworldly just wouldnt leave us. We were shaken up. I have no idea if any other cars saw this - I honestly didn't look anywhere but the sky as soon as this started. And between the three of us, we cant seem to agree which lights were red and which were white, and sadly, three years long its been and I couldnt tell you which colors were where. Our minds were overwhelmed with trying to figure out what was happening, I think. It lasted a while - I did not look at any clocks during this time and it both seemed over so fast and also an eternity - depending on when my fear was at its most. It was late, so I could not call anyone back home to see if they saw anything in the sky, or you know, got bombed. We went home the next day and asked, and no one seemed to have seen or heard about what we saw. No one was bombed. Everything was fine. I probably should have reported this, but I didn't know where to go to report it and I felt like no one would believe me if I spoke to strangers about it. My family was hard enough, but I sat down and drew diagrams and was determined to at least help them understand that IIII believe what I saw. But I still do not know WHAT I saw. But this is the type of things you need reported, correct? I hope that my report helps, Im sorry it took 3 years for me to find out who to go to and realize its important enough to report at all. 

I don't know if I should also mention this, but around the same time in 2011 I was sitting in the back yard of my friends house in Beaverton Oregon, and we were discussing "deep" subjects and looking at the stars, when two objects that we thought were merely satellites started moving erratically, impossibly, then disappeared into nothing. I have been an avid meteor-shower watcher and sky gazer my whole life, well trained by my science and space loving mother, and I know satellites and stars and that was certainly neither! It was fast, but not like a bug, but nothing like how any aircraft can move. Went in tight zigzags for a moment then flew off into nowhere, just gone. Me and my friend looked at each other and just went "uhhh....did you see what I saw?!" and felt a tingle in our spines. That was certainly less scary than our 2010 experience! This, by the way, was a different friend, than the one with us in the car the night of the Triangles. It was her first sighting of anything like that, haha. We were both just grinning silly and couldnt help but talk about more interesting topics after that. I felt emboldened to speak about my experience with the Triangles, and she took it well.  Anyway, Thank you for letting me tell my story. I hope I helped, at all. (and sorry I didn't have the presence of mind to get my camera out - Im never letting myself off the hook for that as long as I live - and I hope Im better prepared if I ever see anything strange like that again!)

-Deanna
