{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-19 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290983","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112355","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2547,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/983/mufon-5290983.json","updb_database_id":5290983}
Pulsating, hovering UFO spotted ~20 miles E/SE near the visual tree line

Around 10:45 PM, I noticed a bright object in the sky. At first glance, I assumed it was a star or a planet as it was relatively low on the horizon. After about 15 minutes, I noticed the light was still there (which was expected) but had moved (more than a star should shift in the sky in such a short period of time). I studied it, and noticed four distinct colors: white (main), red, blue, and green. 

I brought the object to the attention of my mom and brother who were sitting outside with me. My brother grabbed a pair of binoculars so I could get a closer look. With the binoculars, I could see five distinct white lights that formed a ring around a larger, luminescent white orb. The orb was pulsating, similarly to the way the aurora borealis moves in gentle waves, and the pulsations were rainbow in color. 

The UFO was visible in the sky for at least an hour. I didn't see it arrive or leave. While I was watching it, it was hovering and moving around slightly (based on my neighbor's tree, it started at the third branch from the top, then moved up a bit higher and more to the right). 

The longer I watched it, the farther away it appeared to move, as the binoculars could no longer make out the ring of distinct lights around the orb. While I believe it was moving farther east/southeast, there was less change in terms of height in the sky (from the third tree branch from the top to above the curved bar on our pool screen, perhaps a visual distance of one foot from where I was sitting). 

During the sighting, about 30 minutes or so in, an airplane, likely a commercial aircraft from MCO (Orlando International Airport), was visible in the sky. It was following a south to north path to east. 

My dad estimates that the UFO was approximately 20 miles away, based on how far away the plane likely was and accounting for the relative visual size of the UFO.
