{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-10-30 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528983","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26558","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2692,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/983/mufon-5528983.json","updb_database_id":5528983}
2 balls of bright red light one fallowing the other.

At around the date and time listed above I *(Wit's name deleted--CMS/sg) was stationed at the **(Name of business deleted--CMS/sg) allong with onother security officer for cabage night duty. We were in seporat cars one at the club house and I was at the road entrance. In the time of 01:00 nd 02:00 I was talking to the other officer on the radio and all of the suden I saw this bright red light in my rear view. As I attempted to relay the info to the other officer radio and cell service was lost. The other officer responded to the road way whare I was and we got out of the cars to take a look. It looked like 2 balls of fire speading fast tward the ground. They were odd though because they were prfectley round. We decided to get into our cars and head down the mountain because our first thought was that it was a plain crashing. As we raced down the mountain we were in and out of radio contact with eachother. The objects were going too fast to be a jet. We chased the objects down themountian whare we lost sight of them by the lake. We stopped at the bridge to the island and could not hear or see anything. If they were to hit the water in the area that we arived at there would be a disturbance but the water was as smooth as glass. We reported to our dispatch that we were at the island when we were able to reestablish radio contact. No sound or other light was observed from the objects. We did not make a offical report on the incedent because we did not want to sound crazy. The officers patroling the island did not see what we had saw nor did the supervisor who was standing on the docks that look over most of the lake. We just could not understand what could look like 2 bright fire balls and not make a sound or explode or evenmake a nois whare we antisipated the inpact by the path that it was taking. A few patrons at the local bar noticed the objects but they would not have bean credable witnesses. It was just tough to explain and still is. The other officer and I have left the Sagamore and have not talked about this sence.
