{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1966-06-01 10:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282725","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120723","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3505,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/725/mufon-5282725.json","updb_database_id":5282725}
Cylinder made supersonic approach, then instantaneous change of direction and sped away.

I could have been 14, 15, or 16 years old (spring of 1965, 1966, or 1967).  I’ll go with the odds and say it was 1966. On a sunny mid-morning I was alone, walking westward in an open alleyway between North Street and Oakland Parkway in Lima, Ohio, with the sun at my back. A broad back yard lay to me left (south), a parking lot alongside a single-story business to my right. Between a half mile to a mile ahead of me and at an altitude of several hundred to maybe a thousand feet a cylindrical, gray-metallic object, comparable to an airplane fuselage in shape and diameter, suddenly zoomed from my right (from the north) clearly in view above the treetops before me (30 degrees or so above the horizon). Its altitude was considerably higher than the trees, given the angle of view and its probable distance. It would be more accurate to say it was the shape of a stubby cigar, possibly rounded on both ends, and had no projections or windows or lights that I could detect.

It was traveling silently at a wildly rapid, easily supersonic speed — hundreds of miles per hour, and without slowing it appeared to stop “on a dime” as they say, directly ahead of me, more or less over North Street, and then shot directly westward. (North Street angles a little northwest but the object went due west.) It did not decelerate before making the instantaneous “turn” to its right, and I say “turn” but it did not appear to rotate 90 degrees and point its nose to the right but merely shot off sideways in that direction. Once it changed course to the west, directly away from me, it remained on a straight path and disappeared as a diminishing speck in 1-2 seconds.

The whole episode lasted about four seconds. I was a paperboy and I was doing my weekly collection on a Saturday morning. (I had that route from 1961 to 1967.) Everything was in full bloom, trees were all leafed out, and it was cool outside — I know because I recall I was wearing a dark jacket. This whole incident is burned into my memory. No, I didn’t write it up at the time or ask anyone else to do so.

I can’t swear to the date or even the year, but I’m placing the time of year from mid-May to mid-June. For purposes of reporting I will say it was June 1, 1966.

I told my parents and a few friends about it but mostly I have not volunteered the information through my adult life because I’ve never wanted to compromise my credibility in other matters.

I am now 71 years old, a retired hospital administrator and retired Registered Maine Guide who served in the Army Security Agency as a Russian-language cryptanalyst and who also spent 23 years in manufacturing. I have seen no other such “unbelievable” sights in my lifetime. I have tried to report this on one other site but have not succeeded in having it accepted there.
