{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-18 11:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452725","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108911","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3117,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/725/mufon-5452725.json","updb_database_id":5452725}
4 ufos flying in formation and leaving and returning to formation

about me. im a retired navy vet with 20 years service. i was a trained expert lookout. i have seen every type of aircraft in the inventory including drones. while i happen to be a believer in ufos i do not rush into calling everything a ufo. in fact this is my first ever report. i work at a big box store in the garden center. part of my job is watering plants. while watering today im basically standing there with a hose semi bored. the sky was completely clear zero clouds almost noon so sun was high. i had noticed the moon was just a mere crescent and barely visible. then i saw what i first thought were a couple of helium balloons that had gotten loose and rising in the wind. they appeared white and slightly larger in size than venus or a large passing satellite appears at night. so moving pretty slow coming from the southwest at about 20 deg elevation and rising eventually to almost over head then turned slightly to northeast and passed to about 45 deg elevation to the east. just before reaching directly overhead a third one coming from the original southwest at much faster speed then fell into a triangle formation of three at the same slow speed as the other 2. about a minute later a forth joined them from the northwest at very high speed. i would estimate supersonic. now forming a w formation. i looked away for about 15 seconds for work. looked back and first 3 were gone the last one hovered about 30 seconds then exited back to the northwest even faster than it arrived. i continued on watering but now amused. about 2 minutes later i was telling a co worker about it and where and we looked up and 1 was almost directly overhead and barely moving. she saw it and was looking then it rapidly went due west to about 45 deg elevation then shout of about the speed that a shooting star crosses the sky. about 10 minuets later now just past noon i walked out to the front of the store and was telling another co worker about it a realize there was 1 more coming from the direction of the original but from about 15 degrees elevation from the southwest. that 1 took about 5 minutes to become almost overhead then just blinked out. gone. that co worker saw it and another coworker saw it just before it blinked out. i couldent tell if they were radiating white light but suspect they were silver reflecting sunlight. really couldent determine elevation but guessing 10k ft. there was no sound detected. total duration lasted about 25 minutes.
