{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-20 06:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497725","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61615","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3036,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/725/mufon-5497725.json","updb_database_id":5497725}
{rjl} silver shinny cigar shaped objects in the sky

On the date given above, around 6:15 am I called my father, as I do every morning after I leave the house. The conversation started out normal, he father stated "good morning and is it cold enough for you". I relied to him and the next thing that came out of his mouth was "do you see the ufo in the east sky". My thought at first was oh boy my father has lost his marbles because I am traveling east and don't see anything. Plus I'm almost 40 and never not once believed in ufos or anything along that long. As I drove a little down the road rounded the curve and got out from behind the trees I got the shock of my life there it was sitting so beautiful in the sky shinning so proudly, the straight up and down shinny object my father was talking about. As I drive the object appears to be just hovering around the Flintville area. I thought ok I'm going to make it to the store stop and take a picture, which that didn't happen because now the object was behind me. I made my way onto highway 64 heading to Winchester where I work,called my mother because now I'm excited for seeing such a thing. As I'm on the phone with my mother in the right outside the Huntland I notice two more cigar shaped objects over the Keith Springs Mountain area. I saw them the whole time I drove down highway 64 until I turned on the road I worked on. I worked a nine hour shift that day and got off at 4:30 pm. Jumped on highway 64 heading back west, called my mother once again, she telling me what the doctor said about my son that day. As I rounded the curve on the 64 I saw the three cigar shaped objects all together now in the west sky...hours later after the first sighting and them separate. I told my mother and see wanted picture I pulled off of the highway took two pictures of the objects, but didn't like the quality because they were too far away. I called my mother back and told her I was going to drive further up the road and get a better picture of these three objects. A minute and half into this conversation the three objects disappeared into thin air as if they never were there.

PLEASE NOTE YOU WILL HAVE TO ZOOM IN TO SEE THE TWO THAT ARE GOING SIDE TO SIDE!!!!
