{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-19 07:31:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493725","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65783","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3744,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/725/mufon-5493725.json","updb_database_id":5493725}
{rjl} I saw a UFO coming straight down at a very high rate of speed

Hi I'm Steve, more then a year ago i started a report to mofon about my UFO experience , but then never finished it due to a couple of reasons, one, my family are Christians and don't believe in that and did not want to make to big a a deal about it, two, I got very sick and about died from that and took about two years to fully recover, and three, I moved, and four I first called the national UFO reporting center and that was a bad experience because he treated me like I was an idiot. The night of the sighting I took detailed notes and after my move I found all them notes. I'm not looking for anything I would just like to make sure you have my picture I took at close range and want you to have it on record for posterity . I had already believed in UFOs due to the fact that mathematically its impossible for humans to be the only life in the universe  with that said its also not something I thought I would see right in front of me. It was Oct 19th about 7:25 pm when I saw a very bright object coming from space in a 45 degree angle moving very very fast, I thought that extremely strange cause meteors tend to ark and move slower then this was, when i realized that the impact was going to be very close to where I was I got very nervous and got ready for impact when i saw it was about to hit the ground it completely leveled off with the ground without slowing down. It was on my side to the mountain and then came to a stop.. it began to move around and stopping then moving for a while until it got close to me. In front of my house there is a road and when it crossed the road it was just about 50 or so feet in front of me, thats when i saw the details of the craft.. it was orange to red in color but the craft it self was a dull flat black. When i turned my camera on of my phone I took a pic but it had stated to move so it made it look like it was in motion, but you can still see the structure of the craft. It moved around for quite a while, then it went up to at least 5 to ten thousand feet when i realized there were f16's coming full after burners, thats when i noticed it went up to a much bigger object that was not as well lite and I seen smaller objects moving around it, the jets tried to reach their altitude but they moved higher, then speed out of sight at what seemed to be many thousands of miles an hour and with the jets moving at mock 2 looked as if the jets were standing still. The thing I Do find interesting is that minutes later other jets came to the mountain range and dropped a series of flares almost as if to already to make a cover story if people were to report this they could then say it was them dropping flares.. this is a very small town and not many people so I'm not sure if anyone else seen or reported this.. I just thought this was to important and wanted you to have record of it and my pic. Thank you.
