{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467725","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92924","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3452,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/725/mufon-5467725.json","updb_database_id":5467725}
{td} Disc shaped UFO w/ multiple lights in row hovered above trees in soybean field. Lowered behind trees and disappeared.

My brother (18 at the time) and I (15 at the time) we're on the way home around 9pm on a school night. I don't remember where we were coming from, but I do remember heading south from McColl, SC into Bennettsville, SC on hwy 15-501. (There were many other cars on the road, there is NO way we were the only 2 who seen this!) We slowed down to turn right onto Beauty Spot rd (Landmark Restaurant is on the corner) near Marlboro County High School, and that's when I noticed this huge object hovering right above the top of the trees that separate the soybean fields on the right, (It's known as "Big Foot" around here because of the mudhole on the dirt road that runs between the farmer's fields ppl drive their trucks through to get muddy or stuck) maybe about 3 football fields away from us. I was in the passenger seat of my brother's 1990 Toyota Tacoma and noticed it first. There was a single row of different color lights of green, red, orange, yellow, pink, and white that we're flashing/blinking erratically that went around the entire girth of the disc. It was dark outside, but to my recollection the craft was black or dark in color. However, you could still see the entire object despite the night sky. I was dumbfounded, but quickly asked my brother to look out the window at what I saw. He seen the same thing, and thought it would be a good idea to go down "Big Foot" (the farmer's dirt Rd) to get a closer look. Not hearing or knowing much about UFO's at the time, I was all for getting answers to the questions of what I was looking at. The road we we're on and the dirt Rd that connects didn't have any obstruction in the way of the UFO. As we got closer (about 2 football fields away) the object descended below the tree line to where it was now hidden by the trees; however, we could still see the occasional light come through the trees from the outside of the craft. There was no noise made by the UFO that I could hear; however, my brother had a loud 4x4 mud truck with huge tires that made a good bit of noise on it's own. We continued cautiously down the dirt road until we got to the other side of the trees, and the craft had vanished. We both had eyes on it, or what would be it's location after descending behind the trees, the entire time, but we never seen anything fly away or anything of that sort...it was just gone. We both were freaked out by what had just happened we sped home and told our parents...after that night, we haven't brought it up much since... til recently. My kids and I are fascinated by UFO'S, aliens and their obvious presence on Earth. I have had one other UFO sighting since then (totally different from this incident), but I'm hoping my family and I will see one soon!
