{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-03-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499440","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59704","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2540,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/440/mufon-5499440.json","updb_database_id":5499440}
{nd} triangular shaped light pattern

I am an amateur astronomer and was out with my telescopes taking pictures of Hale Bopp in our back yard. I was fiddling with my camera at one point when I happened to look off to the southwest and noticed a strange object with 3 lights of white color in a triangular shaped pattern that never varied from each other distance-wise throughout the observation of about 8 minutes. It was moving slowly toward the northeast above Pioneer Peak in the Chugach mountains just south of our house. It was going in a straight line at a very slow rate of speed without any sound. I ran into the house to get my wife to witness what I was seeing and she came out on the deck observing exactly what I am describing here. We watched it for a spell and then I decided to turn my 12.5 inch reflector on it to see if I could make out any details and verify it was solid and blocking out stars as it passed through them. It was deep twilight and not totally dark although Hale-Bopp was visible in the western sky at that time. Just as I was turning the telescope on it the object winked out. In all the years of being out photographing stars and galaxies I have never seen anything like this including satellites. I was upon first seeing it immediately aware that it was something out of the ordinary. As an amateur astronomer I know the sky well. If only I had been able to get the scope on it before it disappeared I could have verified if it was a solid object for certain. This sighting was interesting because it happened on the same night as the lights over Phoenix sighting with a similar object. I did not learn of the lights over Phoenix until the next day(morning) when it was on the news and found the similarity more than just a coincidence. I would guess the object(s) was/were at least 5 miles away and would have been rather large in dimensions as it subtended an angle of about 30 arc seconds - the size of the full moon.
