{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-03-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468440","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92134","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3257,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/440/mufon-5468440.json","updb_database_id":5468440}
{rjl} Triangle, series of 7 lights across back I could see inside rear. I believe it was the propulsion

I had just gotten home. It was march 13 1997 around 10 pm Me my wife and three sons 5,4 and 1. I was unlocking the door when I heard a strange noise. It sounded exactly like a carnival ride when they start moving. loud burst of air and then just a low pulsating hum. I pointed it out to my wife and she said it looked like the missing man formation to her. I was not afraid but knew immediately that it was not from here. "Earth" it was about 1500 to 2000 feet above my head. It was about 65% above the horizon facing south. I raised my arms up and pointed to each corner of the rear of the craft, my arms were spread approximately 45%. I do not know exactly how high it was but I guessed it to be 1500 to 2000 feet above me. It was Enormous my guess is the craft was over a quarter of a mile wide. we have nothing like that. It was bigger than a professional football Stadium hoovering above me nearly silently. My home was about 4 miles south east of Rickenbacker air force base. I see planes, Jets, Helicopters everyday. Military and civilian. I am 59 years old and have been fascinated with aviation all my life. I watched the craft for about a minute and a half. I could see into the rear of the craft. the lights on the rear of the craft were visible from where I was standing. It wasn't lights per say but rather the pro pulsation system, kind of like the exhaust of a fighter jet. It looked like a porch across the entire rear of the craft. I could see the light reflecting off the ceiling and walls of the interior of the rear of the craft. The lights were pastel in color and as they pulsed as they changed colors. They did not flash they pulsated. Then it moved in a straight southern direction, there was no throttle up or any change in the hum. I cannot tell you how far it moved but far enough that it was now about 30% above the horizon and I never saw it move, it was here then it was there less than a half a second. It was now half the size it was above my head. I watched it there again for another 45 seconds and it moved again and it was half the size it was again. I watched it for another 30 to 45 seconds and it was gone. there was no wind as you would expect if something that large moved that quickly. no throttle up, no change in sound, and again no wind. the next day we saw on the news about the Phoenix lights. we were sure we saw the same lights that they saw in Phoenix. I am an Artist and I have drawn this craft several times over the years. but do not have anything to put on right now but will send you a sketch if you contact me.
