{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-07 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510440","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47962","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2889,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/440/mufon-5510440.json","updb_database_id":5510440}
{cak} Me and my children witnessed 5 orbs come into view slowly, two in formation or unison and three others trailing.

I was walking the dog with my eldest daughter at 11:00pm, when I pointed to the sky and said pointing at the stars "Look how pretty", "Who do you think made those?" and just before I was about to go back in the home I looked to my left as I was facing my home and saw two red orbs flying in the distance, Orbs or red lights. We have a small airport nearby so I am accustomed to seeing small aircraft. This was no ordinary aircraft. Made no sound whatsoever, had no blinking lights indicating left or right wing. Just appeared as a glowing red object. I pointed it out to my daughter and she told me that she had seen that as well. As we watched, I realized there were two side by side or appeared in unison and then another came into view, then a fourth and a fifth. They seemed to be traveling at a normal rate of speed, similar to a helicopter I guess. They were coming from the south and traveling north east or just north. I remember seeing videos on the news where people explained away sightings like this saying that these were Chinese lanterns, I promise you they were not. I kept looking to see if I saw some flickering like a flame or watched to see if they appeared to be swept by the wind similar to a helium balloon and they did not. They appeared to be following each other. I told my daughter to get inside my truck and got my other two little ones in the truck as well. I grabbed my cell phone and tried recording. My recording is not very clear. It had a hard time trying to focus on the object itself. On my recording you can see an orb, it appears white on video but it was definitely red. I tried following them in the truck once I stopped recording. But by then they were almost completely out of sight. While trying to follow I did feel disoriented but Im guessing that is probably due to feeling shocked about what I was seeing. I would like to mention that I have never seen anything like this at all, I am not even into U.F.O. sightings etc. But what I saw was real and I would love to know exactly what that those things were. (4 witnesses)
