{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-04 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498440","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60743","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2676,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/440/mufon-5498440.json","updb_database_id":5498440}
{rjl} Noticed triangle shaped craft flying above and slightly forward of our car while driving with my husband. Low altitude, size of a helicopter.

My husband and I saw a triangle craft on Saturday night at 7:45 in the evening. It was dark and we were driving on N Williams, heading South. I looked up and saw the classic triangle shaped craft, discernible only by it's lights; a white light in each of the 3 corners, and a flashing red one in the middle. It looked to be as far away from the car as a really low-flying helicopter (100-150 feet?), and about as big as one. It was dark, so I never got to see the craft, just it's lights. My husband thought it was a helicopter, but they have a red and green light close together near the front, and have more lights than this object had.

It looked like the Belgian UFO picture, as far as proportion and light arrangement. I was surprised it wasn't bigger - I've heard so many stories of huge triangles. It was only in view for 6-8 seconds before it banked almost sideways and moved off to the left, blocked by buildings (2-3 stories). I only saw the bottom, but didn't notice anything on the sides - the motion was too quick. The white lights weren't round and near the corners like some drawings, they were at the very edge of each of the corners, and were an unusual pentagon-shape. There appeared to be a grid design on them.

The traffic (and my car) were too noisy when I rolled down the window (my husband was driving) to listen. I couldn't hear a helicopter, but then traffic was kind of heavy and I couldn't hear anything but that. The craft didn't move in any unusual way, and wasn't going all that fast (about copter speed), but the banking almost sideways seemed to be something a copter wouldn't do - too dangerous, and not necessary. It was too slow to be a plane, and it sort of meandered, like it had no particular path in mind. It was to the right of the car, just above and in front of, then wandered over the car before quickly banking and shooting off (while sideways) directly left, where it was hidden by buildings.
