{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-04 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500440","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58667","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4537,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/440/mufon-5500440.json","updb_database_id":5500440}
Bizarre bright yellow/green orb capture by camera on the highway

We were driving back from Whistler to Vancouver and I was taking pictures (with my cell phone) of the beautiful scenery (I was the front passenger). When the traffic slowed down, I reviewed the pictures and noticed a very bright yellow orb with small dots of light inside. Sometimes the lights were vertical, sometimes horizontal (as if it were spinning). When I saw these images, I lowered the window (to make sure it wasn't the glass causing a reflection) and started taking more pictures. I was able to capture several other images of the orb. I was not able to capture it in all images, but I got it about 20 times. Sometimes the orb appeared behind leaves or in front of bushes, sometimes in the clear skies above the water and in different positions; so we concluded that it could not be a reflection of the sun; nor could it be a projection of my cell phone (it it were, the dots on the orb would always appear in the same spots and it would always appear in front of objects, not in between leaves). I felt exited about it because it was really beautiful and did not feel any negative psychological effect from it; but one person in the car got scared when it kept appearing in the pictures; she thought it could be "following us" (but she is afraid of these things anyways). At some point it stopped appearing in the pictures. I continued to take pictures of the landscape (and the sun, in case it was its reflection), but we did not see it anymore. 

It is hard to assess the size of the object, perhaps in between a golfball and a basketball (but there was no option for a size in between above). I was able to see the orb through the camera, but not with the naked eye (but we were driving down the highway, so the car was moving too fast for me to catch it). 

The weird thing was the bright yellow color and the lights that kept changing positions in the orbs. I've seen other white, fuzzy orbs that I always discard as dust particles or some light reflection, but I've never seen one like this/these so I would like to know if you've had reports of any similar items. 

I made a document with several expanded views of the orb and I'm also including some of the pictures in the original file size for your review (I have several images, but there is a limit of how many I can upload here). I also took a video with the cell phone and I can send it to you if you think the images were not caused by some sort of optical illusion. 

We are confused because if it is a reflection of the sun, we can't explain how it sometimes appears in between leaves and in various different positions in relation to the sun and how the little lights/dots inside of it appear differently in most pictures.

Looking forward to hearing your opinion about this.

Thank you,

[Name removed/cms/tg]
