{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-13 03:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526440","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29248","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4287,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/440/mufon-5526440.json","updb_database_id":5526440}
Unknown Craft Above House, Killed Four Tall Pine Trees

I'd had extensive dental work done the day before (a number of x-rays, root canal, etc.) and one of my teeth was aching. It was about 2:00 a.m. and I was having trouble sleeping and rather than bother my wife I left the master bedroom and lay down on the futon in my study. I finally fell asleep only to be awakened by a strange buzzing/humming noise. At first I thought it was coming from outside, an airplane maybe. 

But after a few seconds I realized it was in my head. It sounded like a microwave oven, but without the heat. I couldn't move even though I was fully awake. My entire skull was vibrating. It wasn't unpleasant, just weird. After a minute of this I began to get scared. I thought I might be having a medical event of some sort. With great effort I was able to move one arm and reached my wristwatch on the end table (it's a Citizen Eco-drive with luminescent hands). It was exactly 3:08 in the morning. 

As I stared at the watch the humming slowly subsided. Once it ended I could move freely again. I sat up and looked around. The house was completely still. Only the light of the single street light across the street broke the darkness. 

I got up and walked from room to room, but nothing was out of the ordinary. My wife was sleeping soundly. There was no sign of the cats. Then I thought I heard something from the roof. I went to a window overlooking the back yard and looked up at the sky. It was an overcast night, but I was certain I saw the curve of something rather large over the house. It was very dark, but it caught the light from the street just enough for me to think it was metallic of sort. It couldn't have been more than thirty feet above the roof (our house is a rancher). I hurried to the back deck but by the time I opened the slider and looked up again, the object was gone.

I didn't know what to do. I went back inside and went to the bathroom and looked at myself in the mirror. There were droplets of blood coming from my right nostril. But, other than that, I didn't appear to be any worse for wear. I returned to the study, turned on the TV for a while and stared at the screen for quite a long time, not taking much of anything in.

To cut to the chase, about two weeks later I went out to get the Sunday paper and noticed that some of the pine trees nearest my house appeared to be dead. The needles were all reddish brown. I called an arborist I'd done business with in the past and he took a look at them. He agreed that they were dead and should come down (these trees are 60+ feet tall). After he dropped the first tree he came to and asked me how long they'd been dead. I said I thought couple of weeks. He said this wasn't possible because these trees were totally devoid or sap and moisture. In his experience it takes months, maybe a year for a pine to dry out this completely. I stood by my story. They were all still green around Christmas time. He said I must be mistaken. So, I asked him, what do you think killed the trees? He said it was either last summer's drought or insects. I pointed at all of the neighbors' trees. They are all healthy and thriving. Not a single one for two blocks around is dead. He shook his head and said it was strange, but he didn't know what else to say.

Of course I didn't tell him that I thought might have UFO killed them. That's the last thing I need in my neighborhood.

As a PS I'd like to add that strange things have been happening to us ever since I saw a UFO a few years ago. I won't go into them here. I feel like I'm living in my very own sci-fi movie. And I don't much like it. Even my wife has mentioned odd dreams and thoughts.
