{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-20 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508400","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50091","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3009,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/400/mufon-5508400.json","updb_database_id":5508400}
Objects seemed to be following in aircraft contrail

I was outside taking pictures of this months full (blue) moon with my new Samsung 16 megapixel camera. After downloading the pictures to my computer a noticed a contrail next to the moon. After zooming in to see the type aircraft it was. I was surprised to see there were actually 3 contrails merging into one. I found it strange, I could not see the aircraft that were making the contrails. I have taken many pictures of high altitude aircraft and even with my old 5 megapixel camera, I could zoom in to see the type craft. More surprising I could see there were round objects following behind in the contrail. One of the objects stayed with the flight until the last picture. The objects may have been illuminated by the sun as it was 8:30pm and the sun had just set. If that were the case then why not the objects in front as well. You can see the cloud formations in the sky do not change in the different pictures but the object/objects stay in the same place in the contrail. I am 65 years old and have lived my entire life near a large Air Force base. I spend a lot of time looking up. I would judge these objects to be in the 35000 to 40000 foot of altitude range. The other strange thing. The speed seemed to be somewhat faster then other aircraft I have recorded at that altitude. All the pictures I have submitted were taken within 45 to 50 seconds. You can see the distance covered in that time was quite fare. I live on the east coast water front. I don1t often see things flying west to east as these were. Only thing between me and Europe is the Atlantic. I am sending all pictures I took that night. I am also sending the pictures I zoomed in on that got my attention.
