{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502400","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56612","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3462,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/400/mufon-5502400.json","updb_database_id":5502400}
I saw a bright, solid beam of light rise, hover and fall through the window with no fade-off, no sound

I'm not one for really reporting this stuff, this is my first and includes all 3 of my short sightings and experiences, so there really isn't that much to tell.

As far as credibility, I've always been an intelligent person with a bright personality, I'm currently studying my degree at university in Film, 3D motion animation, Music and Enterprise. I have 12 years of history with lighting of all kinds in the professional music and film industry due to my current career as a musical and graphical artist.

My first experience was when i was a small child, maybe 7 or 8 years old living at home with my parents, i slept on the 1st floor in a semi detached house in a small rural village with a few hundred inhabitants in Ingbirchworth, Penistone on the borders of Sheffield and Huddersfield.

It was the middle of the night and all was quiet and to my knowledge everyone was asleep, my curtains were drawn and a was asleep, I suddenly opened my eyes and seconds later a bright, nearly blinding light rose up to the window from below, stopped for a few seconds and rose up above the window, then glided down and it was gone, from my memory there was no sound and I was too afraid to move or even close my eyes, frozen stiff.

There was no fade in the the lighting, as i said, I'm glad i'm speaking about this in adulthood as I now know how lighting works in and around many kinds of objects and materials, there was no fade in the lighting upwards, downwards or across, it was like a solid, close bar of bright white light, there was no drop-off in the bar of light on the curtain material, the garden was to close to get a direct beam up close through the window from a torch and too far from the road to get a solid line with no drop-off, and like i said, there would have been a drop-off in the beam of light and fade from around the edges as the beam expands and falls with range.
This was an absolutely solid beam and across the window, this window was around 15ft across and maybe 4ft depth , double glazed and 3 windows with a central larger window that opened, so this beam had to be right outside.

the intensity and shape of the beam wouldn't conform to a traditional round beam from a torch.

Adding to this I don't know if this was a dream or reality, but around the same age I had my arm hanging out of the bed, semi-asleep, I felt something slide it's hand up mine from under the bed, I jolted my arm under the covers and was incredibly afraid, I realised that my other arm was on the other side of the bed and that really got me shaken up, I still think about those experiences to this day.

It is the only times that I have ever been..... i suppose the best word for it is terrified by any sighting and experience of this kind, in childhood or otherwise.
