{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-02-17 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512400","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45919","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2401,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/400/mufon-5512400.json","updb_database_id":5512400}
Cluster of 12 lights slowly flying above and just in front of me. After 20 seconds, lights accelerated to incredible speed and disappeared into horizon

On the weekend of February 17th 2013, I was working in Ballarat, Victoria. At 2:30 am on Sunday morning, walking back to my motel room from Armstrong street towards Doveton street, I entered the Wigton place laneway. 
I noticed a formation of 12 lights in a clear night sky above and just in front me. The formation took up the small section of sky that was visible to me between the buildings either side of the lane.         
I estimated that the lights were at cloud height. 
The lights were slightly larger than stars and at first that1s what I took them to be, it was only when I stopped walking to observe them that I realized they were moving in a westerly direction. I watched the lights move forward at a slow pace for 10 seconds. Then they suddenly accelerated forwards at an incredible speed and disappeared into the horizon.
I ran after the lights to see if I could catch a glimpse of them but they were gone. I was alone at the time of the incident. There were no people walking by and no traffic noise, the lights were silent and no noise was audible when they accelerated.
The next day at mid morning, I went back to Wigton place to photograph the area and sky where I had seen the formation. At 2am, 18th February 2013, I returned to the lane to see if I had confused what I had saw with the constellations visible between the buildings.
I could see Orion1s belt and other constellations but none that were similar to the formation of the night before. I remembered that I had not seen any stars when the lights were above me which leads me to believe that the lights may have represented the underside of a large craft that was obscuring the sky.
