{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-01-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523796","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32132","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2286,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/796/mufon-5523796.json","updb_database_id":5523796}
Sighting exactly like the one reported on 25 Sep 11 in Illinois

I was stunned when I saw the photograph of the sighting reported in Illinois on 25 Sep 11; I saw an object exactly like that in Saudi Arabia during the 1991 Gulf War. The entire sighting lasted approximately 1 minute. At the time I was active duty military, deployed to the Dhahran, Saudi Arabia area in support of Operation Desert Shield/Storm.

It was dusk and I was walking back to the field site after dinner. I was alone; everyone else was watching the Super Bowl game. I noticed three orange-hued lights moving almost directly overhead; in the exact configuration as those depicted in the Illinois photo. There was absolutely no noise associated with the sighting. As with the Illinois photo, the area encompassed by the 3 lights was without any discernable features. It appeared as though there was nothing at all between the 3 lights, but they all moved in concert - as if they were connected to a single source. 

The size of the object was approximately the size of a fifty cent piece held at arms length. Again, as with the Illinois sighting, it didn't appear to be a high altitude object. The object was moving relatively slowly, covering the length of the object in approximately 1 second.
It was moving in an easterly direction through the very clear sky, towards a single small cloud.

The sky, with the exception of the small cloud which was not much larger than the object, was perfectly clear, which made observation very easy.

The 3 lights flew into the small cloud and that was the last I saw of them - nothing emerged from the cloud which again, which was scarcely larger then the configuration of the 3 lights.
