{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-08-10 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456796","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104791","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2980,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/796/mufon-5456796.json","updb_database_id":5456796}
{tjd} 3 totally black large spheres traveling together in a triangle pattern low, slow, no sound

Myself and ex-husband we’re home when daughter and neighborhood friend (both minors) ran into the house from bike riding and excitedly exclaimed we needed to come outside. It was dusk, and what we then witnessed from our porch (these objects were right above the houses on our block) were three very large solid black spheres traveling together in a perfectly triangular formation, flying very low to the horizon, and making absolutely no sound. They looked like “flying saucers”, I’m guessing they were about the length of a football field (but round), they were only about 500 feet above ground, we could see them from an exceptionally close distance. We watched them for about 2 minutes. They traveled as if connected, but weren’t, then turned perfectly together, and went slowly off into the horizon in another direction. The strangest thing was the lack of sound — like less than nothing, even that close. There were no lights that we could see. We live in a town that has a military base, and I was scared to call anyone, it ran through my mind, but I was worried about repercussions. So I’ve never reported it, but there were four of us and these things were very clearly nothing that we had ever seen before or since, even living in a military base town and seeing lots of planes, jets, helicopters, etc. Unfortunately, it’s been so long that I can’t remember the exact date or year (between 2007-2008, best guess). But it’s been about 10 years. We tried to get some video footage, but this was back when people didn’t use their cell phones much for that — and we were so flabbergasted by what we were seeing, that we just watched, and they were gone by the time we got the small video camera out. They were perfectly round, and perfectly in sync in their turns and formation, and also so absolutely dark/black in color that they would’ve been completely impossible to see had it been night time. I have no doubt they were either the highest level of advanced military technology — or not of this world. They were “beautiful” in what seemed to be aerodynamic and structural engineering to blend with the environment (sound, shape, color, size). I don’t know how else to put it. I’ve never seen anything like it except on shows about UFO sightings.
