{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-09-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548796","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"8146","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3322,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/796/mufon-5548796.json","updb_database_id":5548796}
Frederick MD oval glare Monday September 24, 2007 at 4 PM

Monday September 24, 2007 was an absolutely beautiful day with clear blue skies. Bill was driving the carpool on our way home from work and I was reviewing a manuscript for a journal in the passenger seat when at about 3:50 PM I saw a bright glare in the sky through the passenger window. I couldn1t really make out the shape from all the glare, but it was an oval glare maybe 30000 ft in the open sky in front of me. It wasn1t very well hidden that1s for sure. We were traveling north on Buckeystown Pike about 5 miles south of Frederick Maryland when I first saw it. I didn1t see a contrail at that time, and I didn1t think much of it1thinking that the contrail was there but I had just not seen it. Then we made a left turn onto Mountville Road and I noticed that it wasn1t moving. That was hard for me to grasp. And I still wasn1t able to see a contrail. So I put down the paper and fixed my eyes on it to try to detect motion. We drove for another 6 minutes with that thing hanging and shining away until we came to the stoplight at Rt 15. To my frustration it had been out of Bill1s view to this point (because of how high it was in the sky and he doesn1t want to invest in a convertible) and now it was out of mine. Bill had stopped beside tall trees that blocked the view. It was a long stoplight so I got out of the car and tried to relocate it, but there were too many trees. The stoplight turned green and we crossed Rt 15 and we started to drive over the Mountville mountain. I caught a glimpse of it as we crossed Rt. 15 and lost it again in the trees as we made our way up the mountain. All this time I failed to see a contrail and it appeared to be fixed in the sky. Then as we approached the crest of the hill, it was nearly overhead on a steep climb leaving two tightly spaced contrails. As we made the top of the hill, it started to steeply dive, still leaving contrails. It flew like a jet on a joy ride. More trees blocked the view as we merged onto 340 west. But as I looked back through the rear window it seemed to stop over the mountain that we left in the distance (3 miles back) and then change directions 180 degrees retracing its own path while leaving a contrail. Then I lost it over another hill at about 4:10 PM. 

Thinking back on the incident, I wish that we had done a better and more purposeful tracking of it. Because now I1m not really sure if it was a series of optical illusions or if it really was a unique flying machine. I mean, if it really was a unique flying machine, I think that it would have been hidden from view and not been so blatantly playful. But then again, how was it that I saw so many optical illusions sequentially?
