{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-05 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491796","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67760","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3125,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/796/mufon-5491796.json","updb_database_id":5491796}
{dr}Observed 3 orange orbs ascend above tree line to WNW then turn north. One at a time lasted approx 3min.appeared bright orange. Viewed in 16x binoculars. No red green nav lights. No sound. Viewed on 7/4/2115 and 7/5/2015 approx 10pm

Sitting on 3rd floor balcony watching fireworks on 4th of July at approx 2130 - 2200 facing WNW. Noticed reddish dot of light ascending tree line approx 10 miles away followed closely by second one. Initially thought it was fireworks but first light stopped ascending and second one caught up with it. Then single point of light continued rising straight up for 10 seconds and turned to the north and flew basically in a straight line across the sky until it slowly faded from view. One or two more lights followed the same path that night and with all the fireworks going off I didn't think much of it.
The next night July 5th at pretty much the same exact time from the same exact location I saw another one ascending. This time I grabbed a pair of 16x binoculars and tried to view the object. Also had my wife view it as well this time.
The were no red green navigation lights on it and while it looked reddish at the horizon it was bright orange in the sky. Very difficult to resolve in binoculars due to fluctuating brightness levels and me shaking. I thought maybe Chinese lanterns? But the speed it was traveling and the brightness didn't seem right. It would have had to be the size of a commercial airliner at that distance (which I have viewed multiple times with these binoculars) 
After following the sane WNW to N flight it faded from view.
Then about 2 seconds later another one appeared on the horizon and followed the same exact flight plan!
Had the wife watch this one through the binoculars, reported same observation as me but thought ie was more reddish at altitude.
Followed it again until it disappeared and then a third and final one showed up and did the exact same route.
The only things that seem plausible are flares or chinese lanterns.
I don't believe a flare would ascend in that manner and last as song as these lights did. I've seen plenty of them in the military. But I'm no expert.
As for a Chinese lanterns, they would have had to be enormous to put that much light out over that distance.
So sorry for writing a book but wanted to capture everything I could think of.
I thought about trying to film them on my iPhone but it would have been another useless jumping dot of light claiming to be a ufo so I passed.
It was pretty awesome whatever it was!
