{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-15 22:46:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288231","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115138","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4015,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/231/mufon-5288231.json","updb_database_id":5288231}
Strange Orbs Spotted Over UFO Hotspot On Keats Island

On July 15th 2020 ~ 10:30 - 10:50 pm a group of friends and I noticed three spherical lights hovering over Keats Island on the Sunshine Coast B.C which was approximately 2km east of where we were. 

We were at a look out which was quite elevated so we were looking directly across and down and Keats. The lights were perfectly round and very bright with an orange/white color to them. At first there was only 2 lights that were visible, the bottom one was roughly 300ft from the tree tops and the other one was hovering close to 50 feet above the bottom one. They sat there not moving for close to 10 minutes when the third one appeared out of thin air directly above the first two orbs. They sat motionless for about another 10 minutes when the third orb disappeared and the other two began flying towards Gibson's ( North East ). It was very strange to witness because the orbs had no noise or forms of propulsion, there was also no visible surface either, just light. 

The next day on July 16th the local new paper ( Coast Reporter ) released an article on the front page of the news paper, Titled: "Strange Lights Sighted In The Sky Over Keats". It turns out that there were several other witnesses that saw the orbs/lights over Keats two nights before on July 13th. They then contacted the news paper to report it. 

Here is a snippet from the news paper article which I will also link for people to view. 

"Kristina Stoyko was sitting with friends at Armour's Beach in Gibson's around 10:30 at night on July 13 when they noticed something odd in the sky over Keats Island."

“We saw three large glowing lights hovering in a triangle, two white ones flashing and a red flashing one at the top of the triangle formation before taking off and flying over Gibsons,” Stoyko said."

- Coast Reporter. 

Keats has been known as a UFO hotspot. In the late 70's a resident of Keats wrote a book about her sightings and experiences. Which will also be linked for people to view. 

After digging around online I have stumbled across several very interesting accounts of UFO's over Keats Island and Bowen Island. 

I would recommend that anyone reading this report please check out the news paper article and the books/reports as well. 

Links in this file also include links from sightings on Gambier Island which is about 2km North of Keats Island. 

I have attached screen shots from google maps showing where we were located at the time of the sighting and where we saw the objects. As well as where the other witnesses were located. 

- Beau
