{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-29 16:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468231","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92362","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5344,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/231/mufon-5468231.json","updb_database_id":5468231}
{td} Blinking orb-like crafts fly in formation and then disappear

I was parked in my driveway finishing a conversation with my mother when I noticed about 8 blinking orbs? objects? in the sky in front of me. I was facing east. 

We live along a flight path in which planes descend to land at a major airport, and usually I see airplanes at a much lower altitude than what the orbs/objects were flying at. I wish I knew more about altitude so I could give a better indication of how high up these things were. I estimate that they were more or less at cloud level or a bit higher, because sometimes they hid in them. 

The objects/orbs themselves were about the same shape/size/color as how stars appear at night, but a little bit bigger, and obviously they were moving. Sometimes they would shine in the light and I could see them, but other times they would be so dull that they were almost invisible. This made them easy to lose track of.

When I first started seeing them, at 4:05-4:10, I think there must have been about 8 of them. They seemed to me to be flying in some sort of loose triangular formation. I drew a picture that shows their approximate formation, which I will include with my submission. After I saw this, I immediately opened up the camera app on my phone. I regret that I wasn't quicker, because by the time I could get a picture, there were only a few of them left. They all separated, and I was able to keep track of one or two of them until about 4:50, when I finally lost track of all of them and went inside.

Honestly, my immediate reaction when I saw these things is they had to be UFOs, based on everything I have seen or read over the years. I'm honestly terrified of aliens (especially greys - whenever I see the cover of Communion by Whitley Strieber, I instantly get a feeling of absolute terror) and I don't WANT UFOs to be real. But for some reason, I just can't shake the feeling that they probably are.

But I digress. Please pardon me, this just happened and I'm still trying to process it.

The way these things moved varied. They could go fairly quickly in straight lines, and I saw two of them "dancing" - they wobbled around each other in a semi-circular pattern before continuing away. I was able to get a picture 3 seconds apart of one object near the same cloud to get a sense of how quickly they moved, but I don't think it was going at full speed when I got the photos, sadly. The last objects I was able to see before they were all gone barely moved at all - it was almost as if the clouds were moving faster. The very last one I saw hovered and seemed fade in and out as I was trying to photograph it, though it may have just been that it was very far away and wasn't catching enough light for me to see it well.

I finally gave up about 40 minutes after I first saw the objects and went inside. I did some research and found pictures of UFOs that looked strikingly similar to what I saw. Then, I found your website and decided to submit my report. It's 5:28 as I'm finishing this.

Description of file attachments:

File 1: The picture I sent my mom. I circled the faint objects.
File 2: My first clear(ish) picture of one.
File 3: I decide to start counting the seconds in between shots.
File 4: ~3 seconds elapse between File 3 and this picture. (I was nervous and my counting was kind of off.)
File 5: I steady myself and count 3 seconds after File 4 before taking this picture.
File 6: The object is barely visible towards the center of this picture. They were difficult to see with the naked eye sometimes, and then sometimes they wouldn't show on camera.
File 7: Another clear picture
File 8: The last picture I was able to get.
File 9: A crude illustration of the "formation" they were in when I first saw them - really it was probably much looser than I drew it.
File 10: A rough visual explanation of what I meant by "dancing".

Thank you for reading, and I hope we all find out the truth someday.
