{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-09-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462231","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98777","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3972,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/231/mufon-5462231.json","updb_database_id":5462231}
{tjd} My sister and I were sitting outside I looked straight up and saw what looked like the moon. It jumped in size

My sister and I walked from my house to my moms yard in the early morning hours .we stopped and she sat in a swing and I a lawn chair in front of her. It was as though something said for me to look up. I looked up, straight up. It looked like the moon in size and color. While I was looking up it jumped in size 3-4 times and was sitting treetop high. Directly behind us in the driveway is a very large and old pine tree. And this thing was sitting right above it. I stood up because of the size so I could turn in a circle looking at how large this thing was. I backed over my chair . It was larger than a football field. It didn't make a sound while it was decending. But then I remember hearing a humming noise and the colors changed. It turned to a orangish yellow and was swirling around . Looked like molten metal. I was standing looking straight up. Then I blinked and it wasn't there any more. My sister is standing inches from my face looking straight up. I turned and looked around and saw it sliding over my moms house and out of sight. I noticed the top of the tall gum tree limbs with few leaves showing in the light. I noticed as it slid past , no leaves moved at all.
I ran around behind the house. But there wasn't any sign of it or moving lights. I was walking back and met my sister half way. She ask if I had saw it and I said no. We were walking back to the swing looking up at the sky. Looking for anything to move. The sky was crystal clear al.ost 3d . She said she was tired . She went in my moms house and I walked home. Now when we first left my house, every light in my house was on. My wife was going to clean the kitchen . My radio was playing music loud and the TV was on.
When I got home every light was off. The house was clean and my wife was asleep. We should have only been gone 15-20 min.
When I saw the bed all I wanted to do was sleep. I didn't remember this for 6 yrs.
My sister and her husband were visiting. She was talking about something and it triggered a memory of the thing hovering above the trees. I said you guys aren't gonna believe this but for some reason I was in moms yard ind middle of the night and this thing came down. My sister said I was there remember. 
She had come down from Dallas for an apt. With her lawyer for an auto accident. 
Her husband had been sterile since he was a teen. My sister had a son the next June. Which is 9 months later. He was born with staph all over his body and almost died from it. My sister didn't have it , it was in the bag with the baby. 
When I was a teen , I like to go rabbit hunting. I woke up in January 1977 in the middle of the night at the edge of woods in tall dead grass, peeing. I was wearing only a pair of briefs. No socks or shirt. I was about 300 feet from my moms house. It was close to 0%. The ground was covered with ice and sharp gum ball from the many gum trees. When I first woke, I was still warm all over it took a few minutes to finish peeing and start getting cold. When I went back to the house I crunched frozen water puddles and sharp gum balls. It was as though I jousted stepped out of warmth to take a leak. The gum balls should have woke me up or the cold. I've never sleep walked before or since. 
I wish I knew what I've missed.
