{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-04-25 14:46:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511231","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47139","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2794,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/231/mufon-5511231.json","updb_database_id":5511231}
{dr}In slab city for our honeymoon, took a picture of salavation mountain (observed NOTHING in sky) scrolled through pictures and saw this

My husband and I had just gotten married in Las Vegas and were on our honeymoon sight-seeing in the near by states.. Slab City was on our list after Hollywood and before the Glamis sand dunes. We arrived in Slab city at Salvation Mountain on 4/25/13 at about 2:30pm. After put a donation into their neatly designed box I turned to take a picture of the awesome man made mountain I had dreamed of seeing since I was a kid. I snapped a few pictures here and there around the field of "art" then we got back into our car to venture on through and see who we could meet. It was then that I started scrolling through the pictures and saw a UFO. Mind you there was NOTHING in the sky when I took the picture , the sun was not in my eyes, and if anything would have been there it would have been easily noticeable since the sky was as clear and as blue as ever. The first thing I did was scream and giggle hysterically because I had FINALLY caught a UFO after looking towards the sky for years. My new husband, on the other hand, was not so easily convinced. He was determined to say it was a helicopter under any circumstance. So I enlarged and zoomed in on this awesome photo and even he HAD to say....this is no helicopter!!! Whatever this was had to be traveling SO fast that you could not see it with the naked eye and at the moment that I snapped the photo of the marvel that is Salvation Mountain...I caught it. I have never seen anything like this before and went on to google military aircraft to see if I could find anything like this and there was nothing. I then took the picture to a man in Roswell (our last stop anyway) and he had pictures of foreign military aircrafts and all sorts of things and he too said hed never seen anything like this. Then I acquired the MUFON brochure and here I am. I have only shown this picture to my husband and the man in Roswell.
