{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-03-19 09:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503231","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55727","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2390,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/231/mufon-5503231.json","updb_database_id":5503231}
{rjl} All kinds, please read my discription.

Well, here I go. I joined the U.S.A.F in 1979, while in basic training myself and another Airman were selected for a little project. I could write more details about it, but I would rather not discuses them on an open line. It has been 10 years since I have been free to talk but I have kept my head down for personal reasons. In the past 10 years I have tried numerous times to contact anyone in Organizations such as this who might listen, but so far, out of over 200 Emails and hand written letters I have had no success. To continue; After I arrived at the Base I had been assigned to I was met at the Airport by two gentlemen in suites who drove me the Base. I was put up in the TDY Barracks for what they told me was going to be an overnight stay and there would be a Sargent come to pick me up in the Mourning. I arrived on a Monday night at around 2330, the next Mourning the Alarm Clock went off at 0500, I had not set it. It was Wednesday. Again, I would love to go into detail but not on an open line. Here is where the fun started, I went to work for the OSI. I only hope I don't end up like Bill, if I am contacted the person will hopefully have the proper credentials. One of the reasons I have not spoken loader on this is painfully obvious, Every time I have attempted to send an Email or hand written letter, I get a reply alright, just not the kind I want. I have had my home broken into, friends hurt (an worse) so I am pretty leery, jumpy you might even say. So I hope I hear something, I need to get this off my chest, it's been to long and PTSD is no fun when the Veterans Hospital Doctors say that there is nothing wrong with me. I will say, I have a lot to talk about, that floats, Fly's, jumps, disappears and skips.
