{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-13 22:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490231","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69361","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3248,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/231/mufon-5490231.json","updb_database_id":5490231}
Extremely bright white steady light illuminating my lawn - I could see blade of grass. Hovering object with extr, bright red steady light. No sound at all

I was walking into my bedroom (looking north)(8/13/2015, 10:50pm CDT). I saw an extremely bright white light outside my very large bedroom window. I went to the window and saw the extremely bright white light illuminating my entire lawn, fence, and trees at the back of the house (large area). The white light was so intense, I could make out every blade of grass. It was brighter than daylight and it covered the whole backyard.  The white light was steady (very little movement) illuminating my grass for about 5 minutes. I wanted to see where the bright white light was coming from, so I looked up and I saw a bright red steady light (also very little movement, inches). It looked like there was some movement back and forth, but on the order of inches, very slight movement, which I could gauge by the shadow of my house on the grass moving slightly. When I looked in the direction of the red light, I could not see the source of the white light projecting onto my lawn - there was absolutely no beam at all. I noticed that the bright white light was only my grass, fence, and trees, but the sky was dark. There was no sound at all during my observation. During my observation, I could not make out any object around the red light - it was so dark. The red light was very bright and the color was beautiful. It was not a paprika red, but had a combination of red and purple, a stead color.

When I first saw the white light projected onto my grass, I thought there must be a police helicopter with a bright search light trying to find somebody in my yard. 

My feeling was of fear because I thought someone was on the loose in my yard, and the police were searching for them.  I left the room to go get my husband to come see the scene.  The bright white light and red hovering light were gone when I got back to my bedroom (2 minutes later). After the incident, I went to all my windows to see if I could find someone lurking (there was nobody).

After the incident, it occurred to me that the bright white light was not performing as a search light, moving back and forth, it was steady the whole time over a fixed area. It also occurred to me that it was strange there was no sound at all, and that a helicopter or other air vehicle would have made sound especially being so low to the ground.

Other: Weather was clear skies and very dark, no moon.

I would like someone to come to my house to see if there is anything left behind on my grass or trees from this very bright white light.
