{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T05:33:24Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 336056, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/493468580/493468580/015_2023_UAP_Mission_Backgrounder_Paper.pdf", "source_sha256": "fc96ca3532421fcae4540f636ea6c19090dfea59cb61a5f8f387b2541b05d98c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 376, "chars": 2846, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CLEARED
For Open Publication
Jul 17, 2023
Department of Defense
OFFICE OF PREPUBLICATION AND SECURITY REVIEW
015
UNCLASSIFIED
Засни пліво су
'AAR
ALL-DOMAIN ANOMALY RESOLUTION OFFICE
BACKGROUNDER
References:
Unidentified
(a) James M. Inhofe National Defense Authorization Act of 2023
(b) Message: Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena Reporting and Material-Disposition General
Administration (Joint Staff, 191452ZMAY23)
(c) Memorandum: Defense Department Response to Tiger Team Information Request re
Anomalous Phenomena (AARO, March 2023)
(U) The Defense Department and
Intelligence Community are committed to ensuring
a unified, coordinated, and integrated approach to
mitigating safety and security threats from UAP.
The All-domain Anomaly Resolution Office (AARO)
mission is to minimize technical and intelligence
surprise by synchronizing scientific, intelligence, and
operational detection, identification, attribution,
and mitigation of unidentified, anomalous objects in
the vicinity of national security areas.
(U) The Office's vision is to create an
environment in which unidentified, anomalous
objects are effectively and efficiently detected,
tracked, analyzed, and managed by way of
normalized DoD, IC, and civil business practices; by
adherence to the highest scientific and intelligence-
tradecraft standards; and with greater transparency
and shared awareness. Realization of this vision
relies on cohesive management by OSD and ODNI,
by which the Department and IC apply AARO
strategic guidance and direction to optimize the
effectiveness and efficiency of the UAP Mission
All-Domain Anomaly Resolution Office
Chief of Staff, AARO
Authority: FY24 NDAA, now codified at 44 U.S.C. 2107
Date: 3/20/2025
Released in Full: X
Case Number: 330UAP000015
within and across the Department and mission
partners.
(U) What are UAP? Unidentified anomalous
phenomena (UAP) are sources of anomalous
detections in one or more domain (i.e., airborne,
seaborne, spaceborne, and/or transmedium) that
are not yet attributable to known actors and that
demonstrate behaviors not readily understood by
sensors or observers. "Anomalous detections"
include but are not limited to phenomena that
demonstrate apparent capabilities or material that
exceed known performance envelopes. A UAP may
consist of none, one, or more unidentified
anomalous objects and
may persist over an
extended period of time.
(U) What is the significance of UAP? The US
Government has observed UAP in or near the
territory and/or operating areas of the United
States, of its allies, and of its adversaries, and
observing, identifying, and potentially mitigating
UAP has become a growing priority for US
policymakers, lawmakers, and warfighters. The
UNCLASSIFIED
Page determined to be Unclassified
Reviewed by Chief of Staff, AARO
IAW FY24 NDAA, Section 1841(a)(1)(C)
Date: 3/20/2025

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 386, "chars": 3063, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
015
UNCLASSIFIED
potentially ubiquitous presence of UAP defines the
national security implications of those anomalies,
which range from operational hazards and threats
to technological and intelligence surprise to
adversaries' strategic miscalculations.
(U) What are the Department's statutory
requirements, pertaining to UAP? Ref (a) directs the
AARO to perform UAP-Mission management, data
and information acquisition and analyses, and
report mission statuses and issues to Congress.
AARO's statutory requirements are outlined in
Appendix A.
(U) How is AARO organized to address the
potential hazards and threats from UAP? AARO
relies on organic and mission-partner expertise, and
it is task organized around four key functions for
optimal performance and targeted collaboration:
operations, analyses, science and technology, and
strategic communications.
— the Operations Group synchronizes and
sequences Theater, IC, and other capabilities
for optimized, cross-functional UAP detection,
tracking, mitigation, and recovery;
— the Analytic Group delivers peer-reviewed
conclusions through deliberate syntheses of
scientific and intelligence method, tradecraft,
tools, and expertise;
— the Science and Technology Group reveals and
exploits elusive and enigmatic signatures
through advanced technologies and focused,
cross-sector partnerships; and
— the Strategic Communications Group drives
shared awareness across mission partners,
oversight authorities, and stakeholders-
2
UNCLASSIFIED
normalizing cross-sector partnerships and
building trust with transparency.
(U) What are AARO's key Defense
Department partnerships? UAP are most often
reported by the Department's services and
commands, and they are most often analyzed by
service-managed centers and combat support
agencies. AARO works closely with the Joint Staff to
develop, publish, and implement UAP reporting
requirements for the services and commands (e.g.,
ref (b)); to guide UAP operational planning; and to
cultivate inter-component operational cohesion.
AARO also works directly with service-managed
centers (e.g., the National Air and Space Intelligence
Center), in the development of analytic methods
and tools and in the exploitation and analysis of
recovered UAP objects and material.
(U) How does AARO distinguish UAP from
other, known phenomena? AARO distinguishes UAP
from known objects 1) by maximizing what could be
known about the reported phenomena through
robust data collection from military, intelligence,
civil, industrial, private, and foreign sources; 2) by
rigorous
scientific
and
intelligence
phenomenological examination of the following
reported about the object:
— characteristics (e.g., size, shape, color);
— performance (e.g., velocity, maneuverability);
— signatures (e.g., light, sound, radioactive); and
— behavior (e.g., reactions to observation,
scanning).
(U) What is AARO's position on media
reporting of extraterrestrial theories or proofs?
Page determined to be Unclassified
Reviewed by Chief of Staff, AARO
IAW FY24 NDAA, Section 1841(a)(1)(C)
Date: 3/20/2025

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 202, "chars": 1442, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
015
UNCLASSIFIED
AARO values its collaboration with academia and
the scientific community and considers it critical to
the Office's success. AARO neither rejects the
possibility of extraterrestrial intelligence nor
presumes phenomena not immediately understood
are evidence of such. AARO applies rigorous
scientific methodology to the UAP data it collects
and analyzes, including peer-reviewed academic
and scientific research.
(U) AARO is committed to following the data
and its investigation wherever it leads. Working
with DoD OGC and other investigative partners,
AARO has established a safe and secure process for
individuals to come forth with information-even
that which is potentially classified—to aid AARO in
its congressionally-mandated historical review of
records and testimonies. To date, AARO's review of
testimony from over two dozen individuals has not
led to any verifiable information to substantiate
claims that any programs to reverse-engineer
extraterrestrial materials have existed in the past or
exist currently. AARO's historical review of records
and testimonies is ongoing and due to Congress by
June 2024, and it welcomes the opportunity to
speak with any former or current government
employee or contractor who believes they have
information relevant to the historical review.
3
UNCLASSIFIED
Page determined to be Unclassified
Reviewed by Chief of Staff, AARO
IAW FY24 NDAA, Section 1841(a)(1)(C)
Date: 3/20/2025
