{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-05T01:53:39Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 959799, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/493468580/493468580/28_Open_Hearing_Brief.pdf", "source_sha256": "0569fab3ab9a6a1d0590a759ecc81228f719991b48686f5de52a2682274057da"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 367, "chars": 2525, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
CLEARED AS AMENDED
For Open Publication
Nov 13, 2024
Department of Defense
O--IC- O- PREPUBLICA ON AND SECURLY REVIEW
028
Statement for the Record
Dr. Jon Kosloski, Director, All-domain Anomaly Resolution Office
Senate Armed Services Subcommittee on Emerging Threats and Capabilities
November 19, 2024
Thank you, Chairwoman Gillibrand, Ranking Member Ernst, and distinguished members of the
subcommittee. It is a pleasure to be here on behalf of the Department of Defense as the new
Director of the All-domain Anomaly Resolution Office. I appreciate the opportunity to provide a
status update on AARO's work and respond to your questions about unidentified anomalous
phenomena, or UAP.
On behalf of the department and the entire AARO team, I want to say how grateful we are to
Congress for its continued support. Unidentified objects in any domain may pose a threat to U.S.
safety and security. Reports of UAP activity, particularly near national security sites, must be
treated seriously and investigated with scientific rigor by the U.S. Government.
By way of introduction, I am Jon Kosloski. I'm a researcher at my core, with an academic
background in mathematics, physics, and engineering. I have spent most of my career at the
National Security Agency leading advanced research in the areas of optics, computing, and
crypto mathematics. I am drawn to tough scientific problems, which is what brought me to
AARO and the UAP mission.
Since I arrived in August 2024, I have been impressed by the breadth and depth of my team's
experience and the framework it has established to rigorously analyze UAP reports. AARO has
taken meaningful steps to improve data collection and retention, bolster sensor development,
effectively triage UAP reports, and remove the stigma of reporting a UAP event. Last year,
AARO worked with DoD's Joint Staff to issue guidance to defense personnel worldwide on how
to report UAP observations and is working with the Military Services to ensure the
implementation of this guidance. Additionally, AARO launched a public website that features
UAP imagery, case resolutions, material analysis, archival records, and more.
These are only a few examples of AARO's recent progress - and we're just getting started.
All-Domain Anomaly Resolution Office
Chief of Staff, AARO
Authority: FY24 NDAA, now codified at 44 U.S.C. 2107
Date: 2/6/2025
Released in Full: X
Case Number: 330UAP000028
Page determined to be Unclassified
Reviewed by Chief, AARO
IAW FY24 NDAA, Section 1841 (a)(1)(C)
Date: 02/06/2025

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 376, "chars": 2479, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
028
To date, AARO has over 1,600 UAP reports in its holdings from across the U.S. government. I'll
share a slide in just a few minutes of updated UAP analytic trends. You'll see that many reports
resolve to commonplace objects like birds, balloons, and unmanned systems, while others lack
sufficient data for comprehensive analysis. Only a very small percentage of reports AARO
receives are potentially anomalous; these are the cases that require significant time, resources,
and a focused scientific inquiry by AARO and its wide network of partners. It is important to
underscore that, to date, AARO has discovered no verifiable evidence of extraterrestrial beings,
activity, or technology.
To accomplish AARO's national security mission, I have set three priorities for the Office:
building strong partnerships, promoting transparency, and scaling up the work of the office.
First, AARO cannot do its work alone. Building partnerships across government, academia,
industry, and with the public, is essential to the success of the office. Strong cooperation with the
Military Services is particularly important. We rely on their support to implement our reporting
guidance and to amplify the message that there should be zero stigma associated with UAP
reporting. We also rely on partnerships with the National Labs, the Office of the Director of
National Intelligence, FBI, DHS, and NASA, all of which play a role in the whole-of-
government effort to address UAP. Just as important, I recognize the talent and expertise that
reside outside of government. AARO will continue to explore new ways to partner with the
academic and scientific communities to investigate its most complex UAP cases.
Transparency is a related priority for AARO. Our ability to collaborate with key partners,
including the scientific community and the public, relies on information sharing, to include
downgrading and declassifying UAP-related information. In some cases, it may be unclear to the
public why DoD classified a piece of information in the first place. Why are photos of seemingly
benign objects, such as balloons, classified? It is often the case that an object or phenomenon
itself is not a security concern, but the location, source, or method used to capture it is still
sensitive. Many cases are difficult to quickly release to the public but are reported to the
Page determined to be Unclassified
Reviewed by Chief of Staff, AARO
IAW FY24 NDAA, Section 1841(a)(1)(C)
Date: 2/6/2025

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 342, "chars": 2228, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
028
appropriate committees in Congress that are authorized by the law or House and Senate
leadership to receive the information.
It is important to note that AARO does not unilaterally declassify information. Instead, we work
with the originator of a classified record to ensure that declassifying that record does not
inadvertently harm national security. This can take time. Nonetheless, the Department is
committed to declassifying and publicly sharing more information on UAP, while protecting
sensitive sources and methods. I'll be sharing some newly declassified imagery in just a few
minutes.
AARO is also working closely with the National Archives and Records Administration to make
UAP-related documents publicly available in a digitized collection. In addition, AARO continues
to review the U.S. historical record relating to UAP. We welcome any former or current
government civilian, contractor, or military service member with relevant information to reach
out to us at www.aaro.mil.
My final priority is scaling AARO's work to match its mission. AARO needs to bolster the
quantity, quality, and diversity of data that it acquires and examines. This means tapping into
existing data sources within the interagency while deploying AARO's own organic sensor
capabilities. To the extent that UAP result from domain awareness gaps, more and better data
will help us fill those gaps and help us understand what is being encountered.
In closing, AARO is committed to the highest standards of scientific integrity. We will not
foreclose on any explanation for UAP prematurely. We will continue to follow the science and
data wherever they lead. We will continue to have open and frank dialogue with Congress in
settings like these and also in classified briefings. We will continue to keep you fully and
currently informed of all UAP information, active or historical. And finally, we will continue to
share as much information as possible at the unclassified level to inform the public of AARO's
activities and its findings.
Thank you for your continued support, and I look forward to your questions.
Page determined to be Unclassified
Reviewed by Chief of Staff, AARO
IAW FY24 NDAA, Section 1841(a)(1)(C)
Date: 2/26/2025
