Case No. 1560 12062021

Date: June 11, 2021.

Approximate Time:

Weather: N/A.

Season: Autumn.

Witnesses: J. A. C. P., 53 years old.

Description: The witness stated that he saw and filmed what he considered
two anomalous aerial phenomena on June 11, 2021, from the
commune of La Florida, Santiago Metropolitan Region.

No formal report was filed, but he wrote directly to the CEFAA email,
stating (sic) "I saw in the sky a cloud with the shape known as Chemtrail,"
which he photographed and filmed.
Then he added (sic) "In the video, a small form is seen flying towards the south. The photo was taken before the video. In the video, I did not notice the white point that appears in the photo." Finally, he indicated (sic) "I hope they are useful and answer what they think of the photo and video."

Figure 1 shows the photograph received by CEFAA on June 12, 2021.
                              Figure 1

As support for his email, the user sent two audiovisual files. The analysis of the information contained in their
The metadata revealed that it was not original material, but it had been captured with the main camera of a Samsung Galaxy S8 (SM-G950F) smartphone on June 11 at 16:50 (HL). Pending the original audiovisual files that were requested again. The case study continued.

Based on the visible evidence, the location indicated by the user on Avenida Perú, La Florida commune, Santiago, was corrected. (Figure 2).

                              Figure 2
                               Figure 3
When studying air traffic at the time of the filming, it was determined that the visible condensation trail was caused minutes before when a commercial aircraft, the Airbus A320-251N with registration CC-AZE, traversed the filmed airspace on a regular flight (Figure 4).

                              Figure 4

At the time of the filming, the Airbus was 4 miles (MN) from the Arturo Merino Benítez International Airport (SCEL) in Santiago, and this aircraft was out of the user's sight.
The flight of Sky Airline 164 between Concepción and Santiago was ending.
(Figure 5)

Figure 5. SKU164 flight at 20:51 (HL) on June 11, 2021. The user's location is indicated with a red star.
The geometric analysis of the photograph revealed that the image possessed focal symmetry characteristic of the existence of a parasitic or "flare" reflection and determined that it originated by photographing against the light of sunset. (Figure 6)
From the footage, the 303 frames that composed it were extracted. The
The reported phenomenon as a "small form flying south" was visible in the first 120 frames.

The study of these frames also confirmed that what was reported was a similar reflection to that of the photograph. The apparent movement was caused when filming the condensation trail a sweep from right (north) to left (south) was done. It disappeared from view not because it had continued its flight south, but because it ceased to exist when the camera stopped focusing on the Sun. The next three figures illustrate this.
The information reported as anomalous phenomena was never seen directly as they only existed within the equipment used to capture the scenes. For that reason, the descriptions provided by the user were only based on their interpretations.

Figure 6. Reflection of the case photograph.

    Figure 7. Reflection in frame 2.

Figure 8. Reflection in frame 73.

                     Figure 9. Reflection in frame 120.

Images: Along with their email of June 12, the user provided...
It provided a photograph in JPG format and a video of 10:09 seconds in an MP4 file.

Conclusion: Based on the analysis of the testimony and forensic, geographic, geometric, and air traffic studies, it was determined that the reported event corresponded to Sky Airline flight SKU164 between Concepción and Santiago, and to parasitic reflections caused on the cellular phone used due to photographing and filming facing the sunset of June 11, 2021.
