{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-17T12:28:55Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 4, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 8416634, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/597821-pdfs-5/302561974.pdf", "source_sha256": "1f88219a0a008d1bed53ec738066832bd13c206a29fc46c2d2c5ff10468a5886"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 182, "chars": 1190, "method": "ocr", "note": "retried at 250 DPI after 600 DPI timeout", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
PROJECT 10073 RECORD
1. DATE • TIME GROUP
1-5 lar 67
3.
COUNCE
Civilian
1. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
1
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported
6.
TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground 7isuan (23)
7..
COURSE
Not Reported
3.
PHOTOS
r Yes
* No
PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
1 Yes
ct No
FORM
FTD SEP S3 0-329 (TDE) Prorloue aditime of thie forta
i may be usod..
2. LOCATION
Princeton, Somerville, New darney
10. CONCLUSION
Possibl: (ATRCRA T)
(3 witnesses)
io date pres ntod to indicate onlect could not have veen an
aircraft.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Ohnerver stated the first tine he viewed the bject he nis-
the object as a plad, -ither Saturn and Tenus.
How-
ever nothing mor- than a light war observered.
The light
moved slowly up and down, and from side to side. The light
wes viewed by another obrever, told the objectwas di c
3lsped with a series of complex lights. Ihe bright light war
attibubed to som
cort of porarful bracon devic- on the craf
underside.
On another occanion the one observer while at hi
in his backvard switeed on a • owerful light that ill-
uminated his whol- hackyard.
ile stated almost indiately
the objects bright light bear switched off, leaving only a
small, non blinking light visibl-.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 350, "chars": 2229, "method": "ocr", "note": "retried at 250 DPI after 600 DPI timeout", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ainerapt (positle)
March 9,1967
Somerville RD1,N.J.
1-32% 67
.. li
Y......i.
Major Hector Quintinilla, US A F
Project Blue Book
Wright-Patterson Air Rase
Dayton, Ohio
Dear Sir,
I am writing "Project Blue Book" to inform you of an aerial phenomenon
in the area between Princeton and
Somerville, New Jersey for the past
8 days. One--and on occasion two----brightly lit objects have been
observed at high altitude over this area. When first sighted on wednesday,
March First, I mistook the object as a planet--either Saturn or Venus.
However, the light moved slowly up and down, and fron side to side.
I am employed at a radio station in Princeton, and I found out the next
morning that the same object was observed by our transmitter engineer,
who was located at the antenna farm atop Mount Rose in topewell Township,
Mercer county---about 10 air miles from my location(8 miles south of
Somerville and 12 miles north of Princeton.) The engineer viewed the
lights through a very good pair of German prismatic binoculars, and
informed me that he made out a definite disc shape, and a complex series
of lights on the object. The bright light was attributed to some sort of
powerful beacon device o
on the craft's underside.
I still was unconvinced, until saturday night---March 4th. The ceiling
was very low--maybe lo hundrei feet. We are on a number of flight paths
and all aircraft was operating above the weather. Of course, no stars were
visible at all. However, at midnight and until 12:30 ayem, 1 observed
the "light" at a distanceof maybe b to 10 miles--and operating well under
the ceiling. I awoke again at 2 or 3 ayem to look for the object, and
it was snowing quite heavily and the object was no longer visible.
On Sunday night, the area was socked in by heavy fog, and nothing
was visible more than a few hundred feet.
The object was again visible to me on monday, tuesday, wednesday, and
thursday nite(as this is being written, in fact.)
The most interesting event occurred at approximately 6:45 pyem on
Wednesday night. I stepped out into ay bac'syard and saw the object
directly ove lead, at an altitude of perhaps s to ten miles. I switched
on a powerful light that illuminates my backyard. Almost inmediately,
(more)

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 384, "chars": 2408, "method": "ocr", "note": "retried at 250 DPI after 600 DPI timeout", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
page two
• the object's bright beam sitched off--leaving only a small, non blinking
light *x*xandka visible. The weak light remained turned on, and the
powerful bluish-white light did not ro appear•
A short time later, I arrived at Princeton University for a live
broadcast from the campus. Ar,! was chatting with our chief engineer
2 very powerful orange light apneared in the sky over the Princeton
area, then dipped back down over the horizon. The phenomenon was also
witnessed by the chief engineer--whom I pointe d it out to. Later on
Wednesday night, I saw the orange light at relatively low altitude and
at a range of perhaps 5 miles.
Incidentally, our night time transmitter engin-er also saw the object
on each of these occasions, but from a vantage point 10 miles from my
location.
Being a professional newsman, I looked for a possible explanation.
I staix called PI 0 at Xa&X NicGuire A F B to ask if any new type
V TO L's might be operating in the area. They said absolutely not--that
experimental craft do not normally use the facilities at iGnire.
When I suggested that 1 write to Blue Book, they agreed it might be
a good idea. Incidentally, I am interesied in aviation, and am familiar
with most types of aircraft flying. I am quite convinced that at no tax
time was I observing a conventional aircraft, a satellite, or any star,
planet, or meteor.
Another employe of the radio station says he saw the object at
very low altitude last Wednesday night over the city of Trenton. With
him at the time were several Trenton city policemen and members of a local
rescue squad. The altitude was estimaied at no more than 500 feet. They
also say that two P-10o's from NicGuire suddenly appeared and appeared to
pursue the object.
That is about all I can relate about the incident. 1 can say that I
have carefully checked each local police department in the area, and
found they have recieved no reports from area residents. I think I know
why. The object does not make any rapid or exagerrated movements, and
apnears to be trying to male itself as inconspicuous as possible(re the
business with dimming the lights when 1 turned on mine.)
As for myself, I am 32 years old and have a college education.
I am vaguely familiar with airplanes, having flown a little while in
college. I have informed my local police department of these
happenings, but apparently they have not yet seen the object. (more)

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 124, "chars": 730, "method": "ocr", "note": "retried at 250 DPI after 600 DPI timeout", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
page three
Frankly, I don't sce how they could miss it. (Then again, maybe they have
seen it since i reported it sunday night.)
Admi tedly, my sighting is not the best. At
no time have i been
able to make out the shape that goes with the lights. I have only seen the
object at very high altitude, and from a distance. I do not have either
a telescope or a pair uf binoculais•
Incidentally, there were several good sightings in this general area
last fall, although 1 did not see any of them myself. They were generally
10 miles north of my location.
I hope this will be öf some value to your work. Being a newsman, I am
not easily shaken, but 1 do think some additional study should be made
of all unexplained aerial phenomena•
-
