{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-10T22:35:30Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 3, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5455033, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/597821-pdfs-5/302551697.pdf", "source_sha256": "9917191e79a144ee18be3d1dd76d96a7161774c248a1c170f508088d9782979b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 177, "chars": 1167, "method": "ocr", "note": "retried at 250 DPI after 600 DPI timeout", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
SAT:
nE GROUP
jL..
, 3.
-an
4. NUMöER OF OBJECTS
5. LENGTH O= OBSERVATION
SCV.
i minutes
6. TYPE * OBSERVATION
ürona Visual
7. COURSE
northward
8.
PHOTOS
• Yes
# No
2. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
2. LOCATION
Derves, Jolorado
10. CONCLUSION
Insufficient aata for evaluation
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Max vall AFB, Alataina
ATTIE: Archives Bronch
Aerospace Studies
Director
nst
RETURN :
1966
1-12 Jun
K243.6012-1
servers wins targe, flery. all talling toward
the ground.
it looked like an alecalt toat was acushing
until it slowed down.
The observers then thought the so-
ject was a helicopter, but later movements ended this line
oi thinking.
Now the object looked as if it was coming
vertically down.
No sound was heard at any time durirs the
observation.
As the observers turne to go toward she
object, it took off with a burst oi sea and finally
disappeared from view •
Without an exact date it would be extremely difficult
determine any activity in the area which could have
• Yes
* No
accounted for the sighting. Without such essential
information the case is being carci-d as insufficient data.
FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE) Provlous adillone of thie fora may to unad.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 409, "chars": 2453, "method": "ocr", "note": "retried at 250 DPI after 600 DPI timeout", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
2040
- Denver,
Colorado 80204
December 5, 1966
Project Blue Book Information Center
Safoi
Washington, D.C., 20330
Gentlemen:
My wife and I observed a UF In June of this year (1966),
but afraid of ridicule, and not wishing publicity, we have hesitated
to tell anyone other than relatives about our experience.
After
reading the article about UFOs in the latest Science Digest and
learning the address of your office, I decided to write to you in
hopes that my information will help you.
First of all, I want to impress upon you that I have been
connected with aviation over the years as a passenger in earlier
years, an armchair enthusiasts in later years), so I am very fami-
11ar with types of aircraft, their behavior, and the behavior of
atmospheric conditions. I am 36 years of age, my wife is 29.
At this late date, it is impossible for me to remember the
exact night of our experience - one of the things I learned you wish
on a report - but everything else is vivid in my mind.
The night was very clear, but there was no moon, The temp-
erature was warm enough that we wore only light sweaters.
It was
around nine o'clock, for that 1s the normal time we return home
from washing at the laundromat.
I do not remember if it were a
Saturday or Monday night; but those were the only nights we have
washed
until recently.
At the time of our experience we were liv-
ing at
Street.
We were almost to our home on
*, traveling north on
that street, when a large,tiery red ball atracted our attention.
It was, I first judged, about a halt-mile to the north, at an alt1-
tude of about 1000-2000 feet, which would put the object at the
northern 11mits of Crown Hill Cemetery. It was traveling from West
to East.
The size of the ball was so large, and its appearance of
such a nature,
burning and falling to the earth.
that I thought at first it was a private aircraft?
In fact, for a few seconds,
was certain the object was a falling plane, particularly because of
the speed, which I Judged to be around 200 mph.
However, when I
drove the
length of
• Sanother block north of our home) for a
CLoser 1o0K,
the object glowed a brilliant red, and slowed so much
that 1 decided it was a nelicopter with some sort of a large ilare
It's downward fall, which had been at first on a 20 degree angle,
was now almost vertical, and I could attribute this only to a hell-
oppter, especially when the object was descending very slowly after
an eariier fast approach.
pond

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 569, "chars": 3291, "method": "ocr", "note": "retried at 250 DPI after 600 DPI timeout", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
-2-
My curiousity got the best of me, for I was wondering
what a helicopter was doing in that area, at that time, and wonder-
ing in particukar what was glowing so red from it, for
the color
no longer looked like a blaze of any sort.
Because of the cemetery,
we had to drive east on 26th Avenue to Wadsworth, (appox, one mile
at 40 mph before we could resume a northward trip toward the object.
All the while, I kept my eye glued on the object as much as possible,
which was now on my leit.
object was behaving strangely even for a helicopter.
sound, at least not loud enough to be heard in my van.
always been able to hear a helicopter while arling, even in tratic,
and could easily recognize one by its "egg-beater"
number of instances, I have heard then long before I could see them.
Further, the object
seemed to be drifting, like a parachute. The
possibility of a parachute Ilate crossed my mind, but its size,
and its original speed left me doubting this. What transpired next
convinced me IT WAS NOT any of these things.
i or those tings.
The object was almost at roof-top level when we turned
north on Wadsworth, and it was still to my left, although because
of the turn we made, it was more to my front - in other words in the
left corner of my windshield.
• Suddenly the object moved at a faster
speed, changing its course to northeast. It moved so rapidly that
it faded away in size, despite the fact I was moving 50 mph in its
direction. It finally headed due north, on a line with Wadsworth,
and grew smaller, giving every indication of moving at a high rate
of speed.
"chased" the object two miles, but all the time it
pulled away.
WIne lights were green at intersections, and I was
able to maintain my 50 mph speed).
or I
Suddenly, the object disappeared,
should say, I could no longer see it because the red glow
shut
off"
I watched all the news media for the next week, and no one
mentioned seeing the red ball.
There was no air-crash
reported,
but I was already convinced it was not an airplane.
plus the fact that I heard no sound with the windows down, made me
certain that the object was not a plane or helicopter.
burst of apeed without further loss of altitude explodes the para-
chute possibility, particularly when the wind was calm thatnight.
I asked tactful questions, found no one else who saw the object,
and found no report of aircraft in the area at the time.
the object light reflections. I am too well aware of light reflect-
ions in the air and on the ground, for they have startled me at
times before I discovered it was a reflection in my auto window or
This object was definitely a powered craft of
some sort - a UFO.
I might add that although I have never doubted
the possibilities of such things as UFOs, I have never before seen
one that I could not give a logical explanation for.
Being a his-
torian, I have always been one to check all facts before calling
any story or object a mystery.
Heretofore, the UFOs I have seen
were unindentified only for a
brief moment.
Closer scrutiny has
always revealed them as lights, shooting stars, puffs of smoke,
even airplanes at high altitude.
But this time, such was not the
case.
This time I did see a UFO.
So did my wire, who at first
thought it was a blazing object, then became as puzzled as I.
Cordially
