{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-11T23:08:57Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 5, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 5958310, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/597821-pdfs-5/302537664.pdf", "source_sha256": "c4aed7e59b2293af1d9b1249dd16857dd4fd5c902f38f2f8c45d45331af85e9e"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 512, "method": "ocr", "note": "retried at 250 DPI after 600 DPI timeout", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1. DATE • TiME GROUP
2. LOCATION
& February 65 09/05552
3. SOURCE
Civilian
4. NUMBER OF OBJECTS
One
5. LENGTH OF OBSERVATION
Not Reported (Minutes)
6. TYPE OF OBSERVATION
Ground-Visual
7. COURSE
Stationary
8. PHOTOS
• Y•a
XXNo
9. PHYSICAL EVIDENCE
• Yes
XXNo
FORM
FTD SEP 63 0-329 (TDE)
Previous editione
Elk Grove, Village, Illinois
10. CONCLUSION
Astronomical (MOON)
Regraction of setting moon.
11. BRIEF SUMMARY AND ANALYSIS
Case used in NBC Documantary. Investigated by Dr Hynek.
SEE CASE FILE.
may be used.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 425, "chars": 2477, "method": "ocr", "note": "retried at 250 DPI after 600 DPI timeout", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DEARBORN OBSERVATORY
NORTHWESTERN UNIVERSITY
EVANSTON, ILLINOIS 60201
June 3, 1965
Major Hector Quintanilla, JI.
Box 9494
FTD Wright-Patterson Air force Base
Dayton, Ohio
Dear Major:
Sighting, Elk Grove Village, I11.
February 8, 1965
This is an account of the NBC "Documentary on UFO'S" treatment of the
Elk Grove Village case.
I was present throughout the entire interview
and filming, although I did not take part in it.
The witness was a
who is a photogenic girl of about 26 and reasonably
we11 self-possessed.
Her story follows and then I'11 give a few details
of how the filming was done.
She was coming home by herself at about midnight, February 8, 1965
(Feb. 9
(NICAP report says 11:55 p.m.)
She was coming
from a
loctor's appointment, a doctor who makes late appointments for people
who can't come earlier.
She lives on a curved street called Harmony
Lane and as she was curving around toward her house
some four doors
approximately north of it, she saw a glowing oval of light over her
neighbor's house, more or less directly west of her. I determined the
bearing to be 275-230 degrees, magnetic.
She stopped her car and put out
the lights and gazed at the "object".
Although she said object, she
pointed
out that it was nothing more
than two inter-connecting ovals of
light of uniform intensity that seemed to sway back and forth. She con-
tinued toward the house in the car without turning the lights on and
drove into her driveway which is in the front of the house, as it is in
many suburban type homes. This temporarily blocked her view of the globe
The house over which she said the light was, is just fifty to seventy-
five yards from her house and she was positive that the light was directly
over that house.
She did not seem to get the point when I asked her
how she knew that it was directly over the house.
It was over the house
and that's all there was to it.
The house is fifty feet long and she
said the object was about forty feet long and was about twenty or thirty
feet above the house, although whenever she drew it, she drew the light
quite close to the house, almost directly over the roof.
She said she stood at the back of her house transfixed at this sight,
but not at all frightened--there was no sound--and then, instead of going
directly into the house, which she could have from where
she was standing,
ran around to the front of the house again, fumbled with her keys,
finally got in, ran to the window, but the object was gone, She then

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 508, "chars": 2880, "method": "ocr", "note": "retried at 250 DPI after 600 DPI timeout", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Major Quintanilla
3 June 1965
Page 2
E1k Grove Village, February 8, 1965
dashed to the bedroom to get her husband and hauled him out to look.
They both went to the window to look. At that time the object was
definitely gone.
I questioned her closely on the edges of the object and she maintained
that the ovals of light had a definite periphery and were not fuzzy.
She drew them for the cameras many times and the best description I can
give here is that they were simply two ellipses at right angles to each
other, two ellipses of rather low eccentricity.
The filming of this whole episode took from about 7:00 p.m. until
1:00 a.m. It is ridiculous the lengths to which these documentary people
will go.
tion.
They will do a scene over and over again, aiming for perfec-
They first had her tell her story to the cameras and the mike.
afraid of is much as I have siven it above. She spoke also of not being
the ridicule of neighbors.
She saw what
She saw and there
was no point in hiding it. She said she was conscious of the fact that
her husband's position, and that of her children in school, might be
jeopardized by unsavory talk, but that she telt that she must report it.
The girl herselt is a highschool graduate and then had a year or two, l
believe, ot interior decorating. 1 would judge her a positive reporter
but not a terribly good reporter. She decides on the things she is sure
of and then sticks with them.
After the filming at the dining room table, with all the lights going
fu11 blast for fully half an hour or more,
they had her draw the pictures
for the silent cameras.
Then they had her change clothes and re-enact
the wintery scene of her coming in,
running to the window, looking,
running to get her husband and pulling him out of bed. (They did not
show that portion; they showed merely his running out of the bedroom
to the window in his pajamas and robe.
In her desire to be extremely
accurate, the young lady remarked that her husband doesn't wear pajanas,
but the NBC people said they had to take some liberties in the name of
decency and he wore pajamas!)
As you can see, it was a rather jolly
evening and I forgot to mention that two NICAP members were present,
Larsen, who is President of the Chicago chapter and another
man whose
name temporarily escapes me, though I can get it. I maintained amicable
relations with them, but in no sense coming to grips with them. In
any event, they seemed a cut above the average NICA? members, or at
least did seem so until I overheard them talking in the kitchen when
they thought i was asleep. I might as well tell that now.
Along about midnight, I was getting rather tired and since I had a nine
o'clock class the nert morning,
I excused myself and lay down on a couch
in the living room while the NBC cameramen went outside to film the
progress of her car down the street, etc. I did sleep some, but awoke

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 509, "chars": 2960, "method": "ocr", "note": "retried at 250 DPI after 600 DPI timeout", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Major Quintanilla
3 June
: 1965
Page 3
E11 Grove Village, February 8, 1965
to hear the NICAP people regaling one of the NBC crew members and
Cribbit
*with some real cock-and-bull stories.
They didn't
know that I was listening.
Along with the usual vilification of the
Air Force and their secrecy,
they were tossing around some real oddball
stories about friends of theirs having gone to the basement of the
Museum of Science and Industry in Chicago, and wandering into a forbidden
region where they found "little green men", or
at least models of them.
They were shooed out of this "restricted"
area.
on to say that "Did you know that during the war, the basement of the
Museum of Science and Industry wasthe center of the security operations
of the U.S.?" If those were not his exact words, that was certainly the
e see nor nis salt
sense of it, namely, that the basement of
the museum was a super-secret
"hideout".
The NICAP members showed out in their usual uncritical
form!
Both these men, however,
are basically likeable chaps and cer-
tainly tair and honest, according to their lights.
We
finally got away from there at 1:30 a.m. and the next day, in
thinking this over, I came upon what is probably the solution.
I asked the girl where the moon was and she stated that she did not see
the moon, but that the sky was very clear. She said she knew it wasn't
the moon
because it
was too bright and too big and that it wasn't Venus
for the same reason.
It wasn't the great white owl, which some neighbors
said it might have been,
because owls move, and this
didn't.
She said
there were no clouds, but we should check meteorological conditions on
that day. Both this
case and the Elmwood Park case will Cause a great
deal of
Comment since they will be aired before approximately a million
people. And the documentary is quite good, have no question on that.
Reference to the nautical almanac for February 8 (she first said
February 15, which would have thrown this whole case out of court), but
it now has been established that she went to the doctor on february 8.
The moon was exactly
at first quarter (and thus a very fine half oval)
and it set in the Chicago region at 12:24 a.m.
It's declination was
western torte and intently to the not of rest serace on angled
especially the presence of a thin cirrus cloud bank could have given
the impression of
an inter-locking oval sitting over the neighbor's
house.
The directions check out exactly. The sighting bearing was
275-280 and elevation was 10° * 3.
This
was almost exactly the position
of the moon at that time. The fact that she should have reported the
moon and this globe makes it likely that she saw the setting moon.
There Is no question from her general demeanor that she is excitable,
and most people are not aware of how the moon looks at exactly first
quarter when it is setting on the western horizn.
It looks at least
twice as large as it normally does but generally has a deeper yellow or

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 149, "chars": 903, "method": "ocr", "note": "retried at 250 DPI after 600 DPI timeout", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Major Quintanilla
3 June 1965
Page 4
Elk Grove Village, I11., February 8, 1965
orange-ish tinge than reported by
absence of her reporting the moon, and coupled with the fact that the
moon was certainly in any event within a few degrees of the reported
sighting, considerable doubt must be thrown on there having been a
separate
globe from that produced by the setting moon.
NBC wishes me to come in at the end of this documentary to discuss
these sightings.
a had certaintent heteor
Case is almost certainly a meteor, this case is probably the moon,
but the only puzzling case remaining is that of the Elmwood Park police
and this is a real puzzler.
It is a "Levelland" case right in our
own back yard! It is unfortunate that O'Hare did not report it
officially so that it could have been investigated much sooner than it
has been!
Sincerely,
alm
J. Allen Hynek
JAH: njp
bean divorced.
has siree.
Note:
