{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-26 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496847","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62530","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5723,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/847/mufon-5496847.json","updb_database_id":5496847}
{nd} WTF did me and husband see on my bday that looked like a Ouija hand piece or upside down moth

It took me a while but I decided to share this story against my husband's wishes. Please bear with me as I will be telling yall 2 P.O.V mine and my husbands. 
Date and times that this event happened, also this happened in the "hood" 
11-26-14 11:45pm - 11-27-14 12:15 am.
Me and my husband went out to the front yard by our trucks to smoke last cigarette and my husband wanted to wait til midnight to wish me happy birthday we didnt bring our phones with us because we weren't planning on taking long, it was around 11:45 pm and we were stargazing then as I was going to pass him lighter he says WTF is that I turn around and see "it" going through the top portion of the tree across the street and hovering about 20 ft. low and It was going like 2mph over us and into my backyard and house. 
 Here is my p.o.v.
In my opinion it had a shape like Ouija hand piece with 4 (ports/circles?) And something in the middle of it between the (ports?) "It" was some made of some sort of metal material
I saw this from about 20-25 feet above me so I see the belly of this "thing". The trippy thing about this was it was cloaked or transparent, to me in my opinion "it" had a predators cloak/transparency not totally invisible like you can see some of it but it was kind of blurry like summers heat haze the main color to me was dull black/grey with some bronzish like color not bright at all it had 4 (ports?) 2 on each side that color was reddish/orangish/yellowish very dim glow to it with a defined black trimming around ports and there was something in the middle of "its' center in between the (ports?) " It" looked like it was made out of 1 sheet of metal there were no panels,rivets,sections,windows,fumes,smell When I first saw this I couldn't believe my eyes or brain, me and my husband were frozen out of shock all we could do is rotate around. I wanted to run to the middle of street to see if it sees me but I couldn't move than I wanted to throw the lighter at it to see if it makes a sound or see what its reaction was but I was afraid that it would zap me or something.
We saw it go over us and behind my house and yard. My feelings to this was scared,nervous,curious,adrenaline, denial,reality shattered. 
 My husband did not want to be involed with this report so he gave me his p.o.v and his sketch 
  Husband's P.O.V
He was asking for a lighter when he heard some leafs fall across the street that's when he saw "it" creep up in the top portion of the tree it went through the trees top. His description of "it" 
Color: flat black/grey,tan,reddish/orange
My husband says he doesn't know if "it" itself was organic there were no smells or trails/vapors. In his opinion it had a moth like body with wings closed upside down. To him "its" transparency was like bee wing material I guess membraneish.
He felt excited, nervous, shocked. If it wasn't for him hearing the leafs fall I wonder if we would have noticed "it"
After this happened I had told him to just draw it don't talk I wanted to make sure I wasn't delusional. He drew his sketch I drew mine. It was so eerie. I knew we had saw something. As we were reflecting back at what happened we notice a lot of weird things.
First we live in major city, 1 block away from busy street and concrete plant and in the hood there's always some sort of sound, about 10 seconds before this happened there was ZERO noise. No animal,traffic,environmental noise.
The street light or house lights didn't flicker or dim when this "thing" went over us the street light didn't illuminate "it"
"It" didn't cast a shadow , it seemed to reflect light. It kind of seemed holographic. "It" was about 20 ft. Above us it measurements were about 5-7 ft. Long
3-5 ft. Wide and 1-3 ft. In height. We went out the next morning to see if anything happened to tree or street or house. Nothing happened no broken/bent branches,burnt not 1 trace of anything birds still gather there. We have no idea of were it went after that we don't know if it went through my backyards trees or the houses behind us we just saw it go behind our house and yard.
 That is so freaky was something in there? Was there a purpose in being so low and slow? Did "it" see us? Both of our concept of reality is shattered my husband never once doubted himself of what he saw, Im sometimes in denial but I know what I saw its just hard for me to accept what happened and my mind permanently tattooed the event. How can this be ? Will it come back? Now I'm constantly looking at the trees and sky idk if it will return. Plz anybody have any info/experience plz share with me? Heres our sketches my husband is the better artist.
