{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1964-09-19 19:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490847","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68729","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2430,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/847/mufon-5490847.json","updb_database_id":5490847}
Drove into path of UFO very low very close

On my way to night class just at dusk. I turned around corner on Mud street and mountain brow road on Hamilton mountain at Albion falls. Observed at same instance a flying disc about 60 feet across and less than 50 feet in the air. It was leaning forward top to bottom at about a 45 degree angle with 8 pulsating red lights on the bottom. Other than the lights the disc was entirely black. I assumed there was someone or thing operating it. At this point I was now driving parallel to it. For about a mile I was doing about 50 miles an hour when I came to a short bridge which turned immediately left then immediately right onto the same road. The disc appeared to slow down so I could keep up with it. Now at this point I was directly under it and just behind it. The lights were still visible but the disc was still black. And I could see that it was much wider that the road being almost under it. I felt I could reach out and touch it but it was still about 40 feet up. I followed it for another half mile then had to stop at the edge of the escarpment because the road turned left at 90 degrees. The UFO kept going and as soon as I stepped out of my 57 Pontiac to observe it, the disc took off toward Toronto and was out of sight in about 5 seconds. It took a straight path out over Hamilton and the lake and was gone. Absolutely no noise came from the craft. The thickness must have been 6 or 8 feet. I was about a half hour late for my class which is weird because the high school was only a couple blocks from my encounter. I mentioned to my teacher I had seen a flying saucer and because of the look on his face I dropped it. It has been 50 years since my encounter and have only talked about it to a hand full of none sceptics. My parents especially were none believers. Thank you Stan Bell
