{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-11-01 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546847","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"20260","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3165,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/847/mufon-5546847.json","updb_database_id":5546847}
this has been going on every clear night for the past 6 months

It started back in May 2009; I went to my sons school to pick him up from a band concert he was in and when I left my house, I saw 3 huge lights at the corner of my dead end street. As I approached the stop sign, I found myself underneath a huge triangle; it was about 100 feet above my head and had 3 lights in the rear, 3 lights in the center and as I drove under it further, it had 3 lights in the front. It was at least an 1/8 of a mile long and 100 feet across. As I passed the nearest intersection (Route 93), I finally was past it. I think I was in shock as I continued to drive to my son's school; I picked him up and as I drove back to my house, I hoped it would still be there, however it was gone. When I got home I told my mom; I must have been convincing, because she beleived me. After that, every clear night I saw a star shaped object, sometimes 3. however I new in my heart these were no stars. This continued evey clear night I could see well into the sky; these things were preety stationary and moved from south to north over the course of the night. Then I started seeing objects flying away from the stationary objects with blinking lights, almost like planes except they flew erractly and eventually flew below the tree lines. Two nights ago I decided to look at them through my son's binoculars and confirmed what I knew in my heart, they're not stars, they're triangular shaped and blue at the top white in the middle and towards the bottom and red at the tail. The objects that leave them are blimp shaped and the entire object blinks lights in a spike pattern, the spikes being white and red. I'm actually looking at them while I'm typing this letter! I'm disabled, therefore poor and can not afford to buy a telescope and have no means of taking pictures. I assure you that this is no hoax and I'm asking you to bring your eqiptment on any clear night and you will crap your pants!!! What freaks me out is that Niagara Falls has a huge airbase and can't beleive no one is reporting this! It's also over the general vacinity of Southern Ontario, Canada, these people must be seeing what I'm seeing; why isn't anyone saying anything????????
I'm 51 years old and as sane as they come! I have a 150 IQ and I'm as honest as Abe Lincoln! This goes on EVERY clear night and the event lasts all night, therefore the bags under my eyes!! This is as good as it gets; please don't pass on these events, they're better than anything I've ever seen on UFO tv shows.

Thanks,

[cms/tg/pid]
