{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-06 15:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502847","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56141","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3750,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/847/mufon-5502847.json","updb_database_id":5502847}
{nd} black object came out of mountains and began very strange flight patterns & hovering.

I was at my desk at work at 501 South Cherry Street when I look out my window towards the west and saw a black object emerging from the mountains between the foothills and the peaks.I first thought it was a helicopter but as the object grew larger I then thought it was an airplane. After about 1 minute I noticed the object was ascending straight up very fast Then I noticed a small orb around the object when it began to go up the orb reflected downward and when the object Flew downward as if falling out of the sky the orb would shift upward like something was Propelling it or some sort of propulsion system. I felt as if my eyes were playing tricks on me or I was going crazy. I changed angles to verify it was not something on the window like a bug. After 10 minutes I verified it could not be a bird because of the straight up and straight down movement and maneuvers it was making. Also because of the speed at which it was moving. Determining the distance of the object and how quickly it came from behind the foothills. I told myself to grab my camera phone which is a 21 megapixel Samsung galaxy 5 and zoomed as far as possible to focus on the object. At that time it began hovering as if it were not moving in thin air but sitting there. Then it ascended at a point where it was over the mountain peak line within seconds. After the first video I took. I went to see if I could get a witness at work to verify what I was seeing. When I returned the object was over the treetops just floating. I also noticed the object flickering or pulsating. As I withdrew my camera phone to take more footage the object shot directly left (south) within the blink of a second. That's when I knew that this was not anything normal. You can see in the 2nd video that the object is far more south of its previous location and once again. Elevating quickly and dropping quickly. I am on the 8th floor and the object was much larger then it appears on the camera maybe it was further then I thought or maybe the camera thru the window wasn't as effective. The object seems to be a black dot in the video but from eye sight it was as large as a penny at several miles away. After the 2nd video I watched for about 2-5 more minutes before the object lowered just above the treetops then shot upward disappearing. My memory was full at the time so I was unable to continue taping the object. I look out this window towards the mountains 5 days a week for the past 2 years and have never seen anything like it. About 15 minutes after the object disappeared a black helicopter went by the area in front of the mountains and headed north. Several minutes later another went by in the same direction and flight path. They were nowhere near as fast as the object. I also saw a green (possibly news helicopter) fly by a few more minutes after the large black helicopters.
