{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-05-01 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468847","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91708","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2491,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/847/mufon-5468847.json","updb_database_id":5468847}
{jpg} South farms district middletown ct. My brother. neighbor and self in back yard. Dusk. Flew over my willow tree. Aprox 10mph. No noise. Could have hit with a rock. Just kept going. Know it saw me. Abducted later that nite. I still cry about it. Im 58

Middletown, Ct 06457. South Farms District. Believe around 1969. I was about 10. Remember colmans carnival in town. Me, my brother and neighbor playing in back yard. Was dusk. We live in valley below Xavier high school. I first saw it coimng from that direction. It was slow. Made no noise. No wind. It came right over my house. Just over my willow tree. Disc. Colored lights flashing in sequesnce on diameter. Was right under it so really only saw the bottom well. We just watched it go by and out the valley. Parents did believe us. Was told was in paper but just tried to find it now cause people think im crazy. I was seen by others. Remember neighbors and the fireman at the station 2 house down out the next nite looking for ir to return. We werent the only ones. I believe that nite 2 of them came in my room while I was in bed. Aprox 4ft. pale/grey. But not greys like u see on tv. More human features. I sat up. They looked at me, I looked at them, They looked at each other then I just laid back down. Idk y but I wasnt affraid. But find it odd 2 aliens walk in the room and I did not react. Dont remember being taken but i still cry when I talk about it. It still affects me 48 years later. The next morn there was a round indentation in back corner of yard. My brother remembered the siting. Saw my neighbor some time back and he remembers it. It happened. Maybe its just me but thought I was being tracked. Idk. Thought about being hypnotised but very affraid of what I may see. It has really deeply affected me after all these years. I wish they would stop ecploring space and sending out signals. They wont like what they find.
