{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-19 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506463","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52334","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3163,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/463/mufon-5506463.json","updb_database_id":5506463}
{rjl} Large object in S sky, appeared to be star like but actually triangle shaped

On the evening of 11/19/2013 at around 5:30 PM CST I went outside to my front porch to observe the sky to the S and SW of my house. The weather was cool, clear, and the stars were just starting to appear. My eye immediately focused on a very large bright object about 30 degrees above the horizon to the South of me. The object appeared to be a star at first but was extremely bright, it was brighter than any other star that was out. I might ad that I have seen this object for several nights in a row and it is always in the same location. I always appears just shortly after sundown and stays out for about 1 or 2 hours then goes out. After viewing the object for about 20 minutes with my eyes I went inside and got a pair of Tasco 10x50 binoculars for a better look. When I viewed the object through the binoculars I was astonished! It appeared to be a HUGE triangle wing shaped object with 5 or 6 VERY intense white lights in the rear (engines?) and a very intense red strobe in the center on the bottom. It also had 3 very running lights. one in each corner. The surface appeared jet black like the stealth bomber. There was no noise at all. It was slowly rotating and appeared to flip on its nose and stand nose down. It emitted a bright white strobe that pulsated outward from the bottom. I noticed 2-3 other smaller bright objects at a lower altitude that appeared to be circling the main object. Also I observed at least two conventional aircraft fly over the object at a higher elevation. They appeared to be cargo planes or very large private planes. I could not make out any features on the smaller bright white object, but they never left the main object, they just circled it. I watched this go on from about 5:50 PM CST to 7:00PM CST and noticed that the main bright object was slowly descending in what appeared to be an arc-like flight path. It was moving slowly from 30 degrees azimuth to the due S (heading of 180 degrees on a compass) to treetop level in the SW (about a 220 degree compass heading)
As it was descending it would dim and brighten, then the lights appeared to go out one by one until finally it disappeared from view. The smaller objects stayed with the main triangle until it went out. I don't know if it landed or not. I might add that Fort Leonard wood Army Base is in the general direction the object was last observed and it has an airfield.
