{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489463","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70155","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2434,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/463/mufon-5489463.json","updb_database_id":5489463}
It was night and the tree Ufos were close to the moon and I could see the round shape. they gone fast at the same time.

Gentlemen!
Maybe this is a different report You are get used to received. I wil try to be clear as possible as I can.
I contacted, by accident, a member of a US Security Organization, something like that, and we were connected, somehow to this event just reported in this file.
Observe, that was night, I was not dreaming, and we were mentally in touch. 
I supposed not to be envolved with this experience, as I said, We were together by accident.
Anyway, we observed the UFOs close to moon and later, this Federal Agent, showed me a office and a laboratory with a big generator with courtains of radiant colours. 
It seemed to me like a tournado, round and round. 
What I could realize there is official experiences envolving humans and spatials (as I call the extra terrestrials).
Messages of these experiences was about world preservation, human kind, nature and specially thoughts and feellings.
The US official member asked to project thoughts of kindness, peace, harmony, etc, feeding, energizing, the mental field of Earth.
Why? US government, in this especif case, could use this power, mental resources, to provide human race LIFE. 
There are more details, but it is not my intention to sound like a cliche, telling "we need to be good and pray for peace, stop the war, ..."
The fact is that a Huge Egregore envolves planet Earth and Nations (officials members) and spatials are dealing with mental issues throwing
types of flashes.
The Federal Agent was true in his felling and concern about this project and I was happy to know USA government gets concern about this issue. 
My wish: take this seriously because is true and It was the beginning of others experiences.
My best regards!!
alexandre godoi
