{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-02-11 17:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455463","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106146","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3121,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/463/mufon-5455463.json","updb_database_id":5455463}
{jpg} Saucer shapped cloud appearing and disappearing around sunset

MUFON, 

On February 7th 2020 at 5:31pm I witnessed what I believe to be an odd weather phenomenon, though I am unsure, I managed to get one picture of it the first time I saw it. I saw the same phenomenon again today, February 11th 2020 at 5:38pm and got 80 second video of it, including it vanishing.

The first time I saw this It was a clear day, I didn't see any clouds in the sky. However, at sunset I saw a very small cloud appear, at first I didn't think anything of it, at first I actually thought it was a glare form the light in my office. While admiring the sunset I moved around a little, and realized it was not a glare, and said to myself that it was quite odd. There are no clouds in the sky, yet in the distance is a single small saucer shaped cloud. On this first case I didn't see it initially appear or disappear, I just saw it.

I said to myself that I should take a picture of it. The phenomenon was starting to go behind the trees from my vantage point, so I decided to go outside of my office and take a picture at another window. I moved and saw the object more clearly in the other window that I moved to, and was about to take a picture of it. However, at that moment a person came out of their office, and I felt silly so I stopped and said goodnight. A looked back a moment later and it was gone. I remember it being really weird.

The second time I saw this was today, and this time I didn't hesitate. I immediately pulled my phone out and started to take pictures and film. The film shows the cloud like phenomenon moving slowly to the right leaving a small trail that doesn't move away too far from the phenomenon. From the beginning of the video to the end it looks like the phenomenon gets slightly larger and elongated. Then toward the end of the video the object vanishes, very oddly. The center vanishes first causing it to look like two smaller almost separate clouds before it completely disappears, the whole process happening in about 5 seconds. It's position in the sky is very similar to the position in the sky on the first viewing.

My initial thought is that I am seeing some sort of odd weather phenomenon. I have am an amateur astronomer and am an avid outdoorsman and I have never seen anything like this before. Was hoping that something like this in the past has been reported to MUFON and that you may be able to help me identify the phenomenon I have witnessed.

Regards, 

[name removed/CMS/jpg]
