{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500463","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58642","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2602,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/463/mufon-5500463.json","updb_database_id":5500463}
glowing orb like star shaped light hovered and moved in a localised region for about 20 minutes before it vanished

I was working on my computer when my mother alerted me to noticing a star shaped red light glowing above her bedroom window that according to her moved abruptly in the sky. This was just a few minutes past midnight. In sheer excitement, I then went to have a look for myself and was able to spot this light but at another location to where my mother had seen it move to. This glowing object/orb remained within that area slowly moving to one side almost unnoticeably if not stared at constantly. It motioned this way for a few more minutes before it vanished from my line of sight. It was almost star like in appearance yet brighter than the surrounding stars. While having my gaze set on this object I decided to quickly look into the sky where my mother had said it previously was in case there anything else and I noticed another pale (off white) elliptically shaped orb dart across the sky horizontally a little faster that a jet plane. This pale orb wasn't very high in the sky and it was like a cloud in an elliptical shape slightly smaller than a light Cessna aircraft. It was much lower than the glowing star shaped orb which appeared like a hovering craft resembling a drone. However, I would dispute the notion of it's drone like appearance due to its spectacular manoeuvre in changing locations in the sky as witnessed by my mother before sharing her account with me. Viewing both these objects ran a fizzy rush of energy up my spine like a chill both in a starling and pleasant way. I lost the reddish-orange object/orb to my limited line of sight as there was a brick wall in the way to the side outside my mother's bedroom window. I was unable to take a picture with my phone as this glowing orb/object was far away to be captured in a picture on my phone. The night sky was clear and the stars clearly visible. The location of this object was in the south-westerly direction from where I live.
