{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492463","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67074","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4408,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/463/mufon-5492463.json","updb_database_id":5492463}
{rjl} over 3 days observed 1 then 3 then 6 or 7 craft that seemed to be searching for something

I am an educated woman and chose not to report this for many years because it sounds crazy but I know what 3 people, including myself saw. What made me report this was I saw a TV show on History Channel that spoke of a very similar experience after seeing the ufo's. These things also happened to me and I would like to further understand what happened. I will disclose these at a later time if you contact me in a way other than a public forum but it consists of small orbs in my house as well as dark shadowy figures.

My observations happened over the course of 3 days time. The first night I observed a bright light outside the window. there was something odd about it so I decided to go to the window to look at it. The light floated like a humming bird in the sky and I thought it might have been a helicopter but there was absolutely no sound. I observed this for about 20 minutes and this light would grow large, then small and moved like nothing I have ever seen before! As I watch it moved down the coast it stopped and hovered at a place to the left and a red beam of light came down from it at an angle of about a 45 degree to the left towards the ground. This beam pulsed and looked as though the cycling rate made the light look like it was moving upwards. I lost sight of it for about 10 seconds as it began to move again now down the coast to the right and passed by tree tops. I caught sight of it again 10 seconds later further up in the air. It hovered there for about 5 minutes, floating like a bee, making slight direction changes like a ping pong ball floating on a column of air. The light grew very bright and increased in size, then got dim, very dim to the point it almost disappeared from view and repeated this, alternating from large to small over the 5 minutes it remained there. All of a sudden the light shot straight up in the air and as it moved upwards, it looked like the stars warped around it and then returned to normal position.

The second night, I was watching for them at the same time of day. sure enough it was there only this time there were 3 of them. I called my ex-spouse to observe the objects in the sky and she became scared because they were not helicopters or airplanes. These objects moved around the sky very quickly and changed direction instantly! No plane or helicopter can do that. They also made NO NOISE and at times came very close to where I was observing. (about 1/2 to 1 mile away). It looked like they were searching for something.

The third night, I had made mention to a friend earlier that day that if they were going to be there again that night, I was going to observe them from the beach. I kick myself that I never thought to grab a camera. That night, they were there so I called my friend and we both met at the beach and observed them flying over the water/ocean. It appeared that one of the craft was on the water and a triangle of red lights sat on the water. At one point a beam of white light, almost like a spot light scanned the boardwalk and stopped upon me and my friend momentarily. I gave it the finger and the light moved onward continuing down the shoreline to my right and then turned off.I made mention to my friend, "look, there are all these cars driving by and not one of them sees what we are watching?" We watched them for about 40 minutes and one flew directly over our heads. It was very large, and the lights were shaped like a square with one large white light in the center of the square. It flew about 1000 feet over our heads and made no sound at all. Once this object passed over head, the other objects had gone and I didn't see them return again and all that was left in the sky was the occasional airplane.
