{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-24 16:19:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289851","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113501","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3758,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/851/mufon-5289851.json","updb_database_id":5289851}
2 spinning reflective spheres(?) straight overhead, flashing like CD disks

My partner and I were fixing some things on a vintage van we'd just purchased on the street, at the corner of [exact location details have been moved to Investigators report section/ CMS/fgc] in Alameda Ca. I lived there for about ten years and never saw anything weird in the sky other than this occurrence, not that I looked very often.
I can't remember which of us saw them first but one of us looked up, (I think we were talking about how it was hot and there were no clouds in the sky or something like that) and saw two things in the sky straight overhead. We both saw the objects and remarked on how weird they were. We both have excellent vision and weren't on any medications or anything like that.
There were two things in the sky, hovering in place over our heads,very far up. I could not tell how far up they were or how big they were, those are just guesses. They looked sphere-like, and were flashing in an erratic manner. They were far enough away that it was hard to tell in what way they were flashing but it did not seem to be flashes of light as would be emitted from headlights, etc., but seemed more like they were both spinning super fast and erratically while staying in exactly one spot in the sky next to each other, and that the surfaces had different panels of CD-like material, so that the flashes were primarily white, but very faintly every color of the spectrum if that makes sense. 
I was intrigued and tried to take video and pictures but they were so far away (and possibly small?) so the pictures didn't come out except for two - one that just looks like a white spec which is incredibly frustrating, and another that looks like a line which is weird because they looked like spheres to the naked eye. Maybe the thing in the photo was moving when I took the photo, I don't know.. I snapped about 15 - 20 pictures and the objects only showed up at all in two of them. I also took video but they weren't visible at all in the video and it was hard to tell if I had it pointed at them because of the automatic zoom on my phones camera. It seemed like they were only visible when they were catching the light from the sun, otherwise they just blended into the blue of the sky. They were up there for at least one, and possibly a few minutes... I kept looking back at them as we continued to work on the van and at one point they were no longer there. 

I can only see them in two of the attached photos - those are duplicated with arrows pointing to the spheres since they are so small they are barely there at all in the pictures.
