{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-12 02:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494851","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64607","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3603,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/851/mufon-5494851.json","updb_database_id":5494851}
{cak} Spot a blinking or bright starlike light very high in SW direction torward the radio tower Stukel Mountain, OR and torward Lava Beds National Monument, CA

I went outside my Apartment building to smoke a cigarette. As normal because of my facination and Love of the universe, I walked out the door and observed the entire sky from the East to West horizons. I usually look for any recognizable Constellations. At this time Orions Belt was about two hours or less from the West horizon. I was outside approximately fifteen minutes in which I first initionally see at blink or flash from my periphial(often how I notice them. So I studied torward the direction of Southwest, which from where Im located is in the direction of Stukel Mountain in Oregon and Lava Beds National Mounument in California. I seen a star like object in the sky at about a 40-60 degree angle. and in was hovering. I was flashing the same similar colors as I had seen the night before. Yes, this is my first report of a similar object I had seen in the sky in two different nights. *First Citing: 04/11/15 approx. 6:30p.m. or 7:30pm **Second Citing on 04/12/15 approx. 2:05a.m.
I was watching this Star like object flashing its blinks lights from the sky as it started to ascend up but from my angle it woulda look as if it was going up, may, have been just been coming North.The only problem is that it didnt go in a straight line. It kinda moved in a Chiralmotion (swirling or helix direction). (Chiralmotion is a scrolling term, that to me, best decribes wat I mean).It also seemed to have characteristics, When I would focus my attention to it, it would act as if to hide behide the tree that was also in the direction of the object.It did that for about five minutes. Finally, I said the Lords prayer and ask for protection as well as understanding. That if they are not of the Lord, and are different(beings), then I want nothing to do with them. As I was watching this object,it had flashed at me while I was looking in its direction I had two things going on physically. First I kept getting this prickely feeling all over like tingely. hairs on neck stood up and a shiver. but like a natural sensation.I also have an INTENSE and constant buzzing or vibrational feeling going through me for the last week. I feel the ground move all the time but this is intense. A lot stronger. And people that come around me, constantly start to feel uneasy, or even comment how chaotic and strange the atmosphere has been intensifying rapidally locally. I kept talking torward the object and stating if it had bad intentions to leave me alone. I never lost sight of it, I simply stated what I needed to and finally broke free internally and went back inside. It was still in the sky when I went in. 
In the First siting, the day before I had seen a simialar object in the sky closer to county airport/air Force or National Guard Base.That object lasted ten minutes in the sky and disappeared. I had the same vibrational feeling. Intensely.
