{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-08-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500851","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58233","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4741,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/851/mufon-5500851.json","updb_database_id":5500851}
{rjl} Large sphere with three brilliant orange lights equally spaced on the outside of the sphere

My girl friend at the time (my future wife) had gone parking in the country within view of the TVA Cumberland City power plant. It was a field next to a creek that I had been to many times. We had been there about 30 minutes and I got out of the car for a minute. When I got back in, a large black sphere with 3 very intense orange lights at the edges equally spaced was hovering silently above a large tree directly in front of us about 800 ft away. At first I thought it might be a balloon or something from the 101st Airborne, located nearby, but it made no sound and just did not appear to be anything like I had ever seen before. I asked the person with me where it came from and she said that it appeared first as a distant light that almost immediately became the huge object in front of us and did not make a sound (I got out just to confirm this and there was total silence). It then slowly sit down behind this large tree and I will never forget the intensity of the three orange lights shining through the tree leaves was like the sun. It stayed there for a few minutes and then rose above the tree and not long after that emitted a bright orange ball of light towards the power plant. I say emitted but it was difficult to tell if the ball of energy was coming from the craft or coming from the power plant to the craft. After about thirty minutes another light on the ground some distance from the craft appeared in the woods - it was a bright white glowing light that would periodically emit a bright flash. In about another thirty minutes, another light appeared in another part of the woods but it was a spotlight like light that appeared to be searching the trees and area close to the craft. We sat there for some time and I thought about leaving the car and going to get as close as I could but I was concerned for the safety of my girlfriend. We thought about leaving and going to get someone to come see but we figured that it would be gone before we returned. Craft was as large as the tree it sat behind and hovered over, with a black surface that did not reflect the very bright orange lights on it's edges. When it sat down it was like the sphere rotated but the lights stayed on the outside edges. It also appeared to have some sort of windows or something above the equator of the sphere but I could not make out if there was anyone. What is going to sound crazy is that both of us could feel that they did not want us to worry about their presence and we should just go ahead and act normal. We were never scared or frightened during the event and it was like they were communicating with us in some way to reassure us. It is hard to explain this and also the loss of time that we seemed to experience - I think that I took her home late but I was unsure of the time next day and I was and still am unsure how long the event lasted and have often wondered if hypnosis would reveal more about the event. I just remember that the next day I was very mad at myself for leaving without investigating further or staying longer - I was into photography and could have gotten a camera and come back but it was like we had lost free will and I am unsure when we left but all of the lights and the object was still there when we did finally leave and seemed to be in no hurry to leave. It was like we were just following directions to leave and go home and don't worry about it. We had plenty of time to leave and return with others but we did not and I still cannot explain why. It was an amazing experience that we learned very quickly not to tell anyone about as the ridicule from others was very cruel and no-one believed us until I was telling my sister in law about it and she about fainted and told me that her cousin, who lived near the TVA New Johnsonville power plant had seen this very same object just a couple of days after this. I also found out about a person who was driving on the same road next to the field that night who had almost wrecked his truck trying to avoid some kind of creature in the road.
