{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-09 22:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522851","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33159","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2558,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/851/mufon-5522851.json","updb_database_id":5522851}
Multiple pulsating objects observed over Atlantic ocean.

My wife and I were watching TV at approximately 10:05 pm when my wife looked out our bedroom window and noticed a strange object in the sky with a pulsating strobe light. We observed the object due east at our two o'clock. It was out over the Atlantic ocean which is approximately 1/4 mile from our location. I estimate the object was further out over the ocean. In the course of observing this craft two more appeared in the same part of the sky. All three objects had three lights that emitted a steady glow and a pulsating strobe that circled around the object. The objects danced in the sky and seemed to jump up and down. I brought out my binoculars and went out onto my roof. There I observed over the next thirty minutes four additional objects. Two were in the same part of the sky where my wife first observed the initial object. One was far to the north, approx 5 miles away and moving inland. The other appeared from the southeast and continued north ! up the coast and disappeared. These craft would move, appear stationary and then move in the opposite direction or up or down. Approximately midway through the sighting, an aircraft flew directly overhead from the direction of either Lakehurst NAS or McGuire AFB and flew diectly toward one of the objects. It appeared to be a large four engine aircraft, either a transport or a tanker. Both disappeared into a cloud bank. We live close to an approach pattern for Newark Airport and are used to seeing commercial aircraft. These objects were not flying in any sort of pattern. 

My wife who is a confirmed skeptic wanted to report the incident to the police while it was happening. Instead we tried the NUFORC hotline but the center reporting mailbox was full. We would be very interested to know if any one else shared these observations as this part of the coast is heavily populated and many people were out and about this Saturday night.
