{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-09-05 19:46:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473851","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86526","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4002,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/851/mufon-5473851.json","updb_database_id":5473851}
{dr}7:46 pm 9/5/2017:

[Site links moved to FI Section/cms/tg]

It happened on 9/5/2017. Time: 7:46 p.m. My wife "DJS" has the psychic power to uncloak. Let me explain. Time after time, she has proven to me that she can feel a UFO or even a portal in the sky and take a photo and the UFO will appear in the photo. In one photo, she actually captured a portal in the sky over Copperopolis, CA. When I first met my wife, she had paranormal stories, one after another after another, but the one that really struck a cord with me was the story of the mysterious eye. Her account of an alien abduction. 

During our investigations together we had some interesting moments. While in Grass Valley, "D" connected to the UFOs by using two crystal skulls. She asked the UFO to "power up" and that is exactly what the UFO did and was witnessed by other investigators and spectators. Other people who may have been frauds or truly had the psychic power to uncloak UFOs were: 

ED WALTERS
Beginning on November 11, 1987 Gulf Breeze contractor Ed Walters reported a series of UFO sightings over a period of three weeks. Some ufologists believed the photographs that Walters purported to show a flying saucer were genuine, however others strongly suspected them to be a hoax. Press coverage, given Walters claims during that time, has been called "uncritical" and "sensationalist".

EDUARD ALBERT MEIER
Eduard Albert Meier (born February 3, 1937) is a Swiss citizen who is the source of many photographs of alleged unidentified flying objects (UFOs), which he presents in support of his claim that he is in contact with extraterrestrial beings. He also presented other material during the 1970s such as metal samples, sound recordings and film footage. Meier reports regular contacts with extraterrestrials he calls the Plejaren. Meier has been widely characterized as a fraud by skeptics and ufologists, who suggest that he used models to hoax photos claimed to show alien spacecraft.

So were these men frauds or were they real? Did they truly have the power to uncloak UFOs? I am around my wife and I can tell you from the bottom of my heart, she does not fake these UFO photos.

Now you may be asking, what happened on 9/5/2017? "D" gets the impulse to snap a photo and in her photo she captures 3 UFOs in V formation. You can analyze the link above this article and see the picture of the 3 UFOs in Elk Grove, CA

One time as we were driving in Rancho Cordova, she had the impulse to look towards the sky to her right. In the sky she saw a black cube in the sky. She told me about it and I shrugged off her remark and concentrated on the road. She urged me to look. I then looked for a second and to my astonishment there was a black cube in the sky. "D" at the time did not have a camera.

Another time leaving Bodega Bay, she gets the impulse to look in the sky and we see a UFO type of craft that has fire coming out its end. She points it out to me. All I could say at the time was "what the ?"
This UFO was reported to MUFON. 

So there you have it. The only thing I can figure out is that my wife "D" has The Psychic Power to Uncloak UFOs and does it have a connection to her alien abduction? 

[Name and website moved to FI Sectionj/cms/tg]
