{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1984-02-22 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549851","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"1402","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2621,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/851/mufon-5549851.json","updb_database_id":5549851}
3 lights in formation shine spot light on car

Witness 2 - I was driving north on Dillion Road when on my right side I saw twobright lights in the sky. Then out of no where a third bright light at a highrate of speed zoomed up and stopped by the other two. They were in perfectformation, like so: (witness sketch here). Then came over my car and put a spotlight on me and my car. It followed me north on Dillion Rd. I turned east onPierson Rd. It then followed me for about 1/4 mile then was gone in a second. Had really bright lights, two had pipes and what looked like designs on thebottomWitness 1 - On Wednesday Feb. 22 around 8:00 pm, my boyfriend left my house. At8:05 he called to tell me about his experience on the way home. He said therewas an aircraft in the sky that had two white lights and two red ones. It wasjoined by a third white light and then it beamed a spotlight on the ground. Then is shone across Eds car. When he had finished telling me his story I feltsomewhat skeptical. I figured there was probably a helicopter search going on. As soon as I hung up the phone, I went to bed. Im not sure of the amount oftime that passed but it couldnt have been more than a couple of minutes beforeI heard a loud roaring sound. I jumped out of bed and ran to the window. Therewas a large object above my yard. It had 3 large sections of white light with 2small red lights, one on the top and one on the bottom. I then ran upstairs,grabbed my glasses and called Ed to tell him I saw something also. Two morepassed over head and turned South and then back Eastward. At this time, Icalled the police to find out if there was a search being conducted or anymilitary excersizes taking place. I was told that there was nothing. Some timeafter I got off of the phone 2 more ships came in an east direction and werejoined by a third ship that had been traveling south and turned east. Theypassed a few miles south of my house. Approximately 5 minutes later one morepassed directly over my house and was very loud like the first one.
