{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-04-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522096","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33999","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2461,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/096/mufon-5522096.json","updb_database_id":5522096}
Eye Contact With Alien, Attempted Abduction, Physical Contact

When I was a child I suffered from extreme night terrors. I thought there was something taking me in the night. I would awake to blinding light and then Id wake a second time, as if I were having a dream inside a dream. These terrors kept on for most of my childhood. It wouldnt happen every night, but once or twice a month. 
My family moved north when I was 8, after years of brutal nightmares the new environment seemed to calm my mind. This didn't last long though. More frequently I felt as I I were being taken by the white lights. I pleaded with my parents to believe me but they didn't. They had no answers either.
One of the nights I woke before the white lights. I was laying in my bunk bed, my brother on bottom and I m top. I was looking at the glow in the dak stars I had on my ceiling when, in an instant I was blinded by this white light. I felt fear come over me and I couldnt scream for help. I helplessly watched my door creek open. There it was. The night person I was dreamin about. It didn't look at me, it looked around for a second and walked toward the bunk beds. I remember trying to scream but I couldnt. I couldnt breathe or move. It walked up besides he bunk beds, inspecting my brother. I tried to scream and got nothing. It looked up at me with snap of its head. Almost like it was surprised I was looking at it. As if I startled it. It stretched its hand out to my face as if to grab me. I fought my fear and managed to ball up a fist and try to hit it. I did, but barely. I tapped it, just barely touching it. It recoiled its hand and sidestepped away, out the door. In the morning I told my family. They laughed and said I have new friends. I kept this to myself until now. My family can back up my story. Only 3 people outside my family know this. Ill take a lie detector any day.
