{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-04 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483096","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76843","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3461,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/096/mufon-5483096.json","updb_database_id":5483096}
UFO sighting Medellin, Colombia (GMT -5, 04-VI-2016)

Dear dirs,

Last saturday I was walking my dog at night. I made a little stop and turned on my Google App Sky Map. I checked the position of Jupiter on my upper right, and then of Mars on my upper left. The two objects were clearly visible in plain sight.

Then, I saw some light objects (like stars or flares) ascend in the sky just as if they were a double line of balloons tied together. They caught my attention because they were very bright and because they ascended in a very quick and organized way.

Later, as I watched the objects in the sky, first I thought that maybe they could be drones or some other type of electric device (but they were too many of them), so I decided to walk towards the objects and tryed to figure out what was going on. At the same time, I was mentally checking what else they could be, but I discarded all possibilities: They were not skay lanterns, since their light was not yellow or red, and they were definitely not firecrakers, since they left no trace behind. They were definitely not meteorites, nor a bolid or a satellite.

The lights or objects I saw yesterday were around thirty. When I first saw them they were at a possible elevation of 30 degrees above the ground, but they kept on ascending like in a military formation until they were just above my head in the sky (in a 90 degrees elevation). Then I saw, with surprise, that they began to spin around some sort of ring and, after that, each of the lights remained at a certain position. So after a while I saw the circle and the lights around it, in a very defined shape,like an eye. 

I was astonished, overwhelmed, terrifyed for what I was watching, so even though I had a cell-phone on my hands, I did not think about taking any picture of what I was seeing.

I checked again with my cell phone and saw those lights hover in the sky where the Virgo constellation was supposed to be.

I then thought: Oh man, this is real, this is what all those people have been talking about and they are so many...

They hovered for a while and then it was like if they were gaining altitude again, since they began to seem smaller and smaller until they finally disappeared in the night sky.

I got back home and since that night I have been checking the internet to find if someone else saw what I saw here, in my city, or took a picture of it or filmed it. This is how I got in contact with your webpage.

To tell you the truth: the sighting was really scary! The objects were too many and were organized in a military formation as if they were to attack us from the sky. I know -as old romans used to say- that "testis unus, testis nullus", but as I told you before, I hope that someone else saw what I saw and has some evidence, so you can verify or check the evidence you receive from her/him with me.

Kind regards
