{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-05 03:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527096","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28549","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3725,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/096/mufon-5527096.json","updb_database_id":5527096}
Alien and UFO sighting in backyard

Note: This was called in to the asssistant State Director, Margie Kay today by phone. The witness wishes to remain anonymous. I have written down exactly what the witness said: 

I was awakened at 3:15 AM this morning by my German Shepard, who came to get me out of bed. She would not stop barking at something in the back yard. She wanted me to go to the back door. As I walked through the kitchen I stopped. I could see a whitish/bluish bright light coming in the window in the door and the back windows. I had never seen any lights like this and thought it must be a helicopter looking for someone. I did not hear any sound, though, and thought that was odd. 

I am a retired police officer and at that point, I felt uneasy, so I went back to the bedroom to got my gun, which is always loaded. I then went back to the kitchen and opened the back door, at that point the light just blinked out. I looked around the yard and looked up where the light was, and saw a very dark dull black triangle shape above me. It had no lights on at that point. The object appeared to measure the width of my yard (50 ft.) just floated there, unmoving. 

I heard a noise towards the back fence and looked in that direction. Then I rmembered my flashlight and went to get it from the kitchen drawer, when I heard a sound in the hallway behind me. It sounded like an animal of some sort (two clicks), so I shined the flashlight there for a few seconds but saw nothing. I then went back out to the back porch and shined the flashlight in the direction of the noise I heard outside and saw a very strange, short (approximaty 4' tall), gray, humanoid looking creature with big eyes standing there looking at me for just a second or two. It just dissapeared - it did not run. Then I looked up and the craft was also gone - I did not see it leave. I stood there, frozen in fear. My dog would not come outside, which is not normal behavior. I am hard to scare after 30 years on the police force. I have FBI training as well and I thought I'd seen everything, but this was not normal at all!

My first instinct was to call 911 and I went to the phone, but after picking it up, I put it back down. I know everyone at the police department and even though we have received a few reports of UFOs in the past, I knew they would think I have lost my mind. But I haven't. I know what I saw. 

I then locked the entire house up and went to the bedroom, not thinking about the noise I heard in the house before until this morning. My wife was sound asleep and I did not wake her, and I did not tell her about what happened. I thought I was gone only 10 -15 minutes but my clock said 4:46 AM. I don't know what happened to the time! Now this morning I have a red sunburn on my face, neck, and arms like I stayed in the sun way too long. I told my wife that I saw a light outside and went to investigate because she is worried about the sunburn. I may go the Dr. about it if it doesnlt go away, but won't be able to tell him what I saw. 

I just had to tell someone that this is real and that I'm a 64-year old believer now.
