{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-05 22:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475096","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85209","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2795,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/096/mufon-5475096.json","updb_database_id":5475096}
{cak} Square with a circle on it. Over 10 seconds of footage went bright then video ended.

The event was on 5 Jul 17, and this happened to a good friend of mine and his wife. My friend had fallen asleep on his recliner in the living room. His wife was in their bedroom watching TV and they have a large window behind the head board of there bed. She states she "heard voices" coming from that side of there house. This is the left side of there house. There house's front door faces due East, back yard faces due West. She ran into the living room, woke up my friend and he went outside to investigate.

He went into the back yard along with there 5 year old basset hound. The dog immediately ran to the left side of there house, started barking like crazy, running the full length of that side of the house from the front gate to the end of the house. But while the dog was running back and forth and back and forth the dog kept looking up at the sky when it was barking. My friend never saw anything or heard anything. Then the next day he checked his security system and had the enclosed video recorded. Transferred a copy of it to his computer.

On the video, the circular light at the 3 o'clock position is a known street light. The bright light in the center and the two small lights at the 1 o'clock position are house lights. Been verified two nights later. But the light we want you to investigate is the light at the 9 o'clock position.

Notice what happens when you start the video! Bye the way you are looking due West. The video camera used according to my friend is a D link 942L ip wireless camera.

The reason I stress the direction is that due East over the mountains which by the way are approx 25 miles away is facing towards White Sands Missile Range. Due west is the town of Las Cruces NM.

Could you run this video against any video enhancing software you might have to get a better video. Also my friend is real interested in the luminosity of the strange light.

Notice before you run the video it looks like a square light with a circular light on top of it.
