{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490096","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69501","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3064,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/096/mufon-5490096.json","updb_database_id":5490096}
{rjl} Beam of light came down. Small child like beans pulled me toward the light. One tall men bald wearing strange close

I was awoken from a deep sleep my room was lit up my big window was open and sat up in bed and looked out the window I saw all these small beings about 3 foot tall glowing childlike little beings. They seemed very happy and I felt very safe and not scared at all. My boyfriend was asleep in the bed next to me and never woke up. A little beings came from a light that came straight down into my backyard. my dogs there they never barked and kept by my side. I got up out of bed to go see what was going on. I went to the sliding glass door in the next room as I got to the door the little beings were there to greet me. I was still not scared at all I walked out the door but my two dogs stay inside which is not like them. They bark at everything but they were very quiet and stayed inside. The beings were playing around me and it was like they where and having fun getting me laughing. they felt very happy pulled me toward the light. They pulled me to the tunnel of the light and I went up into the light and I don't remember anything beyond that. I believe this happened for three nights in a row and on the third night I was awakened by a tall bald man wearing strange white and silver clothing he looked just like the statue of a man found at
G1bekli Tepe. He had come to get me again and this time I was tired and did not want to be woken up I did not want to go with him and I grabbed a pillow off the bed and threw it at him and said I don't want to go anymore and that was the last I ever seen of them. I drew a picture of him in a journal as I have told the story to other people. When I was watching the TV show ancient aliens I saw the statue of the man and realized that was him which made me decide to tell you about this. I also had a small incision on my right ankle on the inside in the shape of a triangle after this happened. He was bald and had very high cheekbones. You never spoke to me none of them spoke to me it was all feelings.
