{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-10-10 21:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288096","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115273","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3438,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/096/mufon-5288096.json","updb_database_id":5288096}
bright white orb looked like star. fell at 45 degree angle to field in front of me.

driving past the sextonville pedestrian airport. noticed a bright star to my upper left(SW). it was growing in brightness. stopped at stop sign and got out of car. time was 914pm. it wasnt growing bigger it was falling towards me at a 45 degree angle and and in seconds went from a bright star to a blinding ball of white light hovering in place right in front of me. i watched it for 3 minutes, it seemed to pulsate from the center to the edge. Such a bright white light u couldnt tell what it was. i was 18 and i didnt believe in ufos. after 3 minutes at 917 it flashed a red light on the upper right. a cpl seconds later flashed a green light on bottom left. then red on left green on right. green n red lights increased in speed flashing on either side till it vanished in front of me. im 100 percent positive i watched it teleport. until the lights flashed n it dissapeared i was trying to convine myself it was an angel. afterwards i realized its a machine, built by who knows what and my whole life changed. my goals, my priorities, my trust in the government was destroyed. somebody or something has these capabilities and they wont admit it. since then ive had numerous other encounters with multiple people. to the point i feel im being harrased by orbs. and ive gotten directly underneath a black triangular ufo when i was 23 with my friend and his gf. same area where my first white orb appeared. 6 witnesses to the black triangle. ill submit another report for that one because ive never heard of anyone besides me so close to a triangle besides the rendelshem forest sighting. i can draw it. i can tell u about the lights. no sound no wind no engines just hovering solid black metal triangle with multiple white lights in a ring in the center. and 1 red light on one back corner, 1 green light on other back corner. now i know the truth and im happy ive seen it. ive had weird dreams of being abducted. not quite sure that theyre real but very scary and always on a table being operated on. ive been chased home by shapeshifting orbs. ive wached em split into 2 and suck back together. something is watching me and i want to meet em. ive waited 14 years to report this all. feel free to call me id love to tell u guys everything. something is going on here in wisconsin n ive called the pentagon 4 times this year and they ignore me but ive reached my limit on their bs cuz they obviously know wats up when theyre spending millions a year. im also 90 percent positive i can make these things appear jusy by thinking about em. to this day orange orbs appear and dissapear around me while im driving. i do have a video of some orbs over the bowling alley in richland center, oddly enough i got a job there weeks after. its strange. contact me anytime
