{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-27 09:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521096","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35291","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4488,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/096/mufon-5521096.json","updb_database_id":5521096}
Group of approximately 75 UFO shiny or metallic appearance; up to a certain height and go to the north in formation.

In English (not a very good one):
It was a sunny morning, around 9:00 AM, there were no clouds and the temperature was about 101C. I was with my family in my apartment, located in the colony "Letran Valle" in Mexico City. We were just to breakfast, when looking out the window, I saw far away a series of some objects that at first seemed like metallic balloons.
After looking at them for some time, we note that they were not actually balloons like.
They were at a distance of about 5 to 6 kilometers south-west direction, at the height of the horizon (approximate) . The group of objects climbed slowly, one followed by another one (we count around 75 of them) to reach a high altitude (about 50 degrees from my place, maybe around 40 to 60 Km to the ground), and slowly they began to move northward.
Hard to tell if they emitted some kind of light or just reflected sunlight (which was very intense) because they looked very small from our perspective, and it was, sometimes, easy to lose them in the blue sky.
We took some pictures with cell phones, but it not work at all (they were too high), so I took my old Canon Rebel XT semi-pro digital camera (8 mega-pixels) and I took around 10 pictures without knowing if it really will work (because i can't see anything from the camera vision), it was very difficult to focus, given its small size and high altitude.
It took about 10 to 15 minutes to the group of objects to cross the sky, until they passed over our building (four floors), and we were not able to see them anymore.
By capturing the photographs in the computer,I happily discover the objects on the pictures with some help of the digital zoom, but sadly I did not take any clear object to work like reference to the objects...

PD: Also, my lens was very dirty :P

--------------------------------------

En espa1ol:
Era una ma1ana soleada, al rededor de las 9:00 A.M., no hab1a nubes y la temperatura era de unos 101C. Estaba con mi familia en mi departamento, ubicado en la colonia Letran Valle, en la ciudad de M1xico. Estabamos por desayunar, cuando al mirar por la ventana (frente a la mesa), observ1, bast1nte lejos, una serie de objetos que en un primer momento parec1an globos metalicos.
Luego de mirarlos con mayor atenci1n, nosotros notamos que no aprec1an ser globos.
Se encontraban a una distancia de unos 5 a 6 km, en direcci1n al suroeste, a la altura del horizonte. Ascendieron lentamente, unos seguidos de otros (contamos al rededor de 75 objetos) hasta alcanzar una gran altitud (a unos 501 desde mi perpectiva), y lentamente comenzaron a avanzar hacia el norte.
Es dificil saber si emit1an una luz propia o reflejaban la luz del sol (que era muy intensa) y se ve1an basnate peque1os desde nuestra perscetiva; tanto que en ocasiones era f1cil perderlos de vista.
Tomamos algunas fotograf1as con celulares, pero no se lograban distinguir, as1 que tom1 una c1mara digital Canon Rebel XT (8 Megapixeles) y tom1 varias fotograf1as sin saber si en realidad aparecer1asn los objetos en ellas, pues era muy dificil enfocarlos, dado su peque1o tama1o y su gran altitud.
Tardaron unos 10 a 15 minutos en cruzar el cielo, hasta que pasaron sobre nuestro edificio (de cuatro pisos), y no los pudimos ver m1s.
Al capturar las fotograf1as a la computadora, felizmente observ1 que s1 se lograban ver los objetos al hacer zoom digital; pero que tristemente no integr1 muchos objetos como referencia...

PD: MI lente estaba bastante sucio :P
