{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-01 19:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455096","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106516","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2485,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/096/mufon-5455096.json","updb_database_id":5455096}
Very bright stationary star-like object, which disappeared from its position in the sky after 15 minutes.

At first, I thought the light was just a star or maybe Venus, but 2 things made me think again. Firstly, stars usually appear as very dim points of light in London because there's far too much light pollution. On this occasion, I did spot a very faint glint in another part of the sky, which I would say was almost certainly a star. There were also aeroplanes flying in the distance, probably near Heathrow, whose lights were also far dimmer than the point of light which I am reporting. What I saw was about at least 3 to 5 times brighter than the brightest celestial object (Venus) I've seen in the past, other than the sun and the moon, and the light was seemingly much more focused and coherent. Secondly, the sun had set some time ago, and I thought if the object were a planet, it wouldn't be reflecting so much light.

I went away and came back to my balcony 5 minutes later, and the object was still there, although it had moved slightly, as maybe a star would. But this time, I took a very blurry photo, and also recorded a few seconds of video.

Again, I went away and returned another few minutes later, but I was surprised that the object had completely disappeared. As I write this, I'm still looking out the window to see if it has returned, but there's no sign of it. I can see that the moon has just come into view and I can see that its reflection would not correlate to any sort of reflection of solar light from the object. I'm reporting this because, in my mind, it seemed unusual, and there may be others who also glimpsed this light, and might have a down-to-earth explanation.
