{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520096","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36510","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2592,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/096/mufon-5520096.json","updb_database_id":5520096}
several witnesses , crappy photos , daylight obervation twice today

I witness what appeared to be a craft hovering across the sky from S to N at approx. 5:30ish. My wife just missed the observation. Within 30 minutes again I witnesses it and called out witnesses. It was hovering above our neighborhood for several minutes. It seemed to be about a mile high ? I used my binoculars and got a great look at it ! It was slowly spinning what appeared to be counter clockwise. I cant explain the shape very well , though it appeared to be like two pyrimids connected at the bottom , each end cut like a 3 or 4 sided diamond coming to an end point. there were no lights or noise. It hovered very slowly , though earlier it went by much faster and appeared to be the same shape. this was very exciting for all of us ! It had traveled eastward slowly , and as it spun , one side would seem to glare as if the sun was shining brightly off that one side only! As it moved away slowly it became harder to see without binoculars. it started to descend in another nearby town and would start to glow as it continued its descent. Almost like an Orb ? this went on for almost ten minutes. We were able to take some photos though they did not come out very good ! You can see the object in one of them , though not very clearly. Thats what you get for a two hundred dollar camera ? the earlier sighting was very interesting and I knew then what I had seen ! It just happened to glide across the sky with such ease w/ no noise or contrail and disappeared into clouds. It didn't seem that far away , though it did not reveal itself moments later. this has been an exciting moment for all of us!! I can draw a picture of what it looks like. I believe I have seen this kind of craft once before on a you tube video. though its not common to what we see on youtube! What a sighting ! p.s. I don't know how to send any of the photos , even so , one can barely see much of anything. One photo actually has a hazy object in it.
