{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-06 19:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484096","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75747","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2740,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/096/mufon-5484096.json","updb_database_id":5484096}
{cak} Cloaked, about a mile wide, bottom dished, reflected trees along river upside down on bottom of dish, reflection cureved with bottom

Ufo was observed only when it was close enough on descent to reflect the tree line on objects dish/pan shaped bottom that arced up at edges. Object was at least a mile wide and by the reflective bottom but otherwise invisible. Was almost to treetop height in appearance, maybe a couple hundred feet to a hundred feet above trees,(guessing), when all just went away, or stopped reflecting. nothing else was seen.

Observer described a very weird feeling and was uneasy the rest of the night.

Observer called me to describe the even the next day and asked if I had any weird stuff happen the night before.

The only odd occurrence was as I was taking my medications the next morning I suddenly noticed my nose was bleeding all over my chest and running down my stomach, through my mustache and beard. A fairly heavy bleed. Then a few minutes later my Daughter came down from her room and had a tissue in her nose and informed me she woke up with a nose bleed too. Same nostril too.

First time in over a year we had any nose bleeds around here! 

Person who saw this thing has had several odd occurrences on his security cams outside his house this fall and winter. One had a light coming from above the house somewhere very brightly lighting his parking area and front porch. One had some weird light appendages moving around the porch area almost inquisitively. He swears he saw the face of a alien outside his window once that resembled the insect type with the big black eyes taking up half it's head, last fall but swears he will not admit that to anyone but me, his father.

We have made reports before of smaller objects and such, we continue to watch the sky when we can and have seen a lot of small sightings like lights that resemble satellites but turn and move in different directions. We have seen ,(until now), nothing like the big ship that came up in the north horizon and then flew overhead and straight south into space not following the horizon down again two years or so ago.
