{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-11-27 22:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458936","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102584","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3365,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/936/mufon-5458936.json","updb_database_id":5458936}
{jpg} 5 football fields. Amber lights going out on at s time but not inline. One here then one 300 yards then one in front of us the one 200 yards away.

It was dirty silver with dents in its body everywhere. It smelled of gun metal. No sound. The whole length of the Westmoreland Mall and even more. It was gigantic. We saw it and I said “pull over”. We both got out an watched it amazed turning one amber colored light our at a time. Not in order. When the last light went out it made a wave if fuel like heat in a hot road and went straight up in the twinkling of an eye. It left a smell of what I say is gun metal. Mike and I would gladly take a lie detector test at your convenance. As far as we know no one else saw it. It hovered over Rt 30 and moved up Into the Westmoreland mall entrance. and stopped. I swear if I could throw a baseball twice I could have hit it. We looked at it’s body and it looked like it was hit by a lot of asteroids or something. It was beaten up badly. It smelled strongly of gunmetal when you clean your rifle. I called Stan Gordon who is a friend of mine from past sightings and he hadn’t heard about it yet. I never did find out if anyone else saw it which make me very nervous. I’ve seen these things in the air at least 6 times in my life from 12 years old to 53 years old. Just not that close. I highly doubt that I the history of man that Mike and I are in the top ten. It was soooo near us we smelled it. No sound at all.  Thanksgiving night around 10 or 11 pm. This is nothing new to me. But this sighting took the cake. Please help us with this. We think about this every single day. It was an experience that even the greatest UFO hunters have never experienced. I feel very special and also cursed with not knowing. I can go on with 5 or 6 other times that I was either alone or with a friend while witnessing these things. No pictures. Just our word. Please don’t pass this up. I feel special and I want to tell the world my story. I believe with my other sights if UFOs that they are showing themselves to me and whoever is with me. Abduction? I certainly hope not but things are adding up and I’ve become a bit angry because of bad thoughts and anxiety. I feel that I’m missing something in my life. Like something is wrong. At least let me tell you my experience and Mike too. We know what we saw that Thanksgiving night. And I know what I saw in the course of my lifetime. Test me and Michael.  We need answers. 1 out of 10 times that I look up In the sky I see something strange. I only want to be heard. This is bothering me badly. Mikes ok with it but I’m not. Please let me know your plan. And no I never saw Bigfoot. I wish I did though. 😃 God bless. Don’t turn this one away. It’s a doosey.
