{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-06-15 10:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455936","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105666","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2665,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/936/mufon-5455936.json","updb_database_id":5455936}
{cak} I was teleported; IN MY OWN VEHICLE; AS I WAS DRIVING .

This is one of MANY "experiences" that I've had throughout my Life ; but this is the most recent.

On June 15 , 2015 . 900am I had awoke early in the morning to leave Rio rancho( where I was currently residing ) to go visit my good friend in Phoenix.( I was off work that day , so I headed out about 10 a.m.)
I was at the intersection of I-25 and hwy 550. I got on the on-ramp to I-25 heading south toward I-10 heading towards Tucson and then up north into Phoenix. Road construction was being done on I-40 so I decided not to take I-40 into Gallup New Mexico even though that it always been my preferred route. 

 .... So back to my account of what happened. I turn onto the highway and noticed once I started driving things looked different. (I had driven this route approximately 30 + times during my living in New Mexico , and I knew what to expect in terms of visual signposts.) I suddenly noticed but I was not seeing the airport I was not seeing downtown . next thing I saw was a sign that said Los lunas New Mexico I had traversed 40 miles in a couple of minutes and I was absolutely shocked. I pulled over in Los lunas on the side of the road... out of breath ....and looked up and saw a double rainbow in the sky and I was comforted . but I knew that I'd been through an " ordeal " after that. I was never the same psychologically I lost all of my friends and relationships with family . it completely disarmed me psychologically; and that is not the first time I have been jerked through a time portal or abducted it happened to me prior in my life more than once and I also had family members with me who were present when it happened. But this was the most disturbing in terms of my mind body complex and psychological makeup and how much it actually disarmed and scrambled me mentally ,and emotionally , and spiritually.

...... My life never recovered after this. Every year I literally destroyed everything around me and pushing all my loved ones away and becoming a recluse.

😞
