{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-23 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487936","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71718","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3544,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/936/mufon-5487936.json","updb_database_id":5487936}
SMALL STAR GLOWING BRIGHTER THAN OTHERS,TOOK OFF UPWARDS AT 45 DEGREE AND DISAPEARED

It was late at night between 10.30 pm and 12.30 am I cannot recall exact time. I was letting my dogs out in the yard and standing at the backdoor. I live in a semi rural location,there is a garden of aprox 1/2 an acre backing on to mine so I have an unspoilt view of the sky and look up at the stars most nights because I find it beautiful and my interest outside the mainstream is in metaphysics so I look up wondering what unseen forces are out there,rather than looking for ufos. 

Anyway a small star (aprox to my east) caught my eye as it shone very brightly, although I dont know the names of the stars I look at the sky for at least a short time each night and knew this was unusual, a very bright star/planet(sorry i dont know and dont want to guess as you will know what is visable from northwest uk ) i see every night was (aprox north east and higher in the sky. When i called my dogs back in I looked back over at the bright star and stood observing it, after about 10 seconds it glowed even brighter then took off at a 45 degree angle towards the south east, and left a faint trail visable for aprox 1/2 a second then disapeared. It took off so fast and at such and angle that I cannot imagine it being a manmade craft.

Whilst I have always believed there must be alien life out there due to the vastness of our universe, I have never actively looked for ufos, and never expected to see one. I didnt even know there was star like type ufos until I did a bit of research,and at the time I didnt know it was a ufo until it took off. In the tick questions I didnt say it affected me mentally,because Im not sure if this counts but I knew straight away after it took off it was a ufo but felt a sense of awe and calm rather than fear or panic. Had it been closer I may have felt very differently though.

There are aircraft in my local area all the time,commercial jets,light aircraft,helicopters less often, and even small drones but iv come to know what these look and sound like, so I am 100% sure iv not confused it with any of these things. There was a small airplane aprox to north at the time, they move slowly and have lights at night. 

Also my Dad is generally skeptical but has had some paranormal encounters,and when I told him I expected him to make a bit of fun of me, instead he told me he saw exactly the same thing 35 years ago when I was a babe in arms in a location 40ish miles away from where I saw this. Because it wasnt a dramatic encounter he had almost forgotten about it and thats why he hadnt shared his this with me before.

I saw a Mufon on tv and decided I should report what I saw, as after some research there seems to have been a lot of ufo sightings on or around 23/09/15 date globally. Authorities worldwide are obviously not sharing what they know with the public,but having seen something with my own eyes I want anwsers.
