{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-02-24 20:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484936","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74864","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3425,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/936/mufon-5484936.json","updb_database_id":5484936}
{jpg} Orange orb glowed,then light off but could still see shape, then moved overhead and landed behind house, large, no noise.

I was driving my car, looking at a helicopter flying nearby in the evening sky. I could see planes on approach for landing at LAX. I also saw a steady glowing light about 1,000 feet ahead of me in the sky. As I arrived at home, I turned off my car, got out and turned around to see if the light was still there in the sky, it was. I walked to the end of my driveway, looking at the object the whole time. About five to seven seconds later, the light blinked off, but I could still see the object due to all the light pollution in the sky. It was a dull spheroid shape that made no motion. I then walked further out into the street to observe this stealthy object and as I did so, the object began to move towards me, lowering it's altitude. It was directly overhead, about 200 ft or so above the ground and I could see strange detail.
The object was not spheroid as I first thought, but was more of a soft cube-like shape, white or light grey, with large diameter holes or circles on all faces.The circles appeared about five feet in diameter.
The object floated like a soap bubble, smooth and quiet, graceful and on a direct path. As I kept looking up at it, It appeared to twist or rotate/counter-rotate at both ends slowly, with one hole or circle facing directly down at me. No glow, it descended and came lower and lower until it seemed to land behind the roof of my neighbors house. There is a cul-de-sac their house, so I climbed in my car and drove to where I thought it might be. When I reached the location, there was no sign of anything at all.
The next day I related the story to the gentleman of the house and he told me he owns no drone or model aircraft or balloon. Whatever it was made no noise but moved across the sky with purpose and landed in a very dark area at night. The only other time I witnessed anything like this was during Fourth of July of 2015. I have video and still images of that evening of what appear to be the same objects.
I submit those images and video now in support of this description. I thought they were drones at first, but now, seeing it up close, I can no longer assume that due to the strange movement and appearance without light.
