{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-12-27 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478936","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81178","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2374,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/936/mufon-5478936.json","updb_database_id":5478936}
Blue sphere, talked to me through my own mind. Told me they would return.

I was out on my bicycle, as I came to a corner on the top of a small bank something decended. I felt very foggy, as I got closer to this ( what I can only describe as a mirror like object that seemed to bend the scenery) descended and, It came from maybe 40ft above me to the north east it began to glow a very bright blue. I was not alarmed by it. It came towards me slowly, and the closer it came the brighter it got. I reached out and tried to touch it, but all I felt was a sind of static, and as it pulsated the static got more intense. Then I heard a voice in my mind that wasn't my own, it sounded like a female voice and very soft in tone. The voice said they had ben watching me for a while, the voice then went on to tell me that they would be coming back to visit me again but never said when. I asked in my own voice in my mind who they were, the voice then said they are like us but in a blue avian form and in my mind I could see a profile of what they must look like. The voice then went on to say that next time i will be given instructions on something to build, but for now I shold wait for their next appearance. I asked when I shold expect them, and the voice said in time we will be here again. I then felt the static charge starting to fade and with that the sphere that was very bright started to fade and warp the what I can only describe as the night light again until it ascended and completely disappeared again. That is what happened today. I know it sounds strange, I am not a fan of the UFO consiracies and I have never really looked into any of it. But this was real and I didnt know where to go other than here. I have sent an email to another agancie with regards to this matter.
