{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-05 03:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515936","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42203","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2796,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/936/mufon-5515936.json","updb_database_id":5515936}
{nd} white light/ smaller red light on either side dropping and recieving other white lights

1. myself and 1 other witness were just sitting on the couch and she had happened to look outside for some reason or another and pointed out what looked to be a large star or searchlight or something similar from a distance. we immediatley went outside to see better and listen for possible sounds thinking maybe it was a helicopter.
2. the way the light was moving in an almost stationary hover kind of swaying up and down and left to right.
3. i thought itmight have been a coast guard helicopter performing a night time drill or something at first. object made no sound.
4. object had a large white light with a smaller red light 1 on each side left and right. the larger white light would get extremely bright then fade out and back in at random. no timed intervals between fades. red lights seemed to disappear when white light did. when it faded back in it would appear to have moved just slightly in the sky. after watching object for approximatley 30 mins or so we noticed that very small white lights appeared to be exiting the large white light and moving in random directions at high rates of speed. the smaller objects then came back to the larger white light and disappeared again. there was no straight path to the small objects. after watching this for about 15 minutes or so another large white object faded into our view just nw of first large object. we didn't notice this object dropping anything though. this went on for about an hour and a half before both objects just faded away completely.
5. my feelings at the time were excited and disbelief. i have always believed in otherworldly beings but had never experienced any thing nor witnessed anything like this. my heart was beating about a million miles a min and i just enjoyed the show. im an iraqi war vet and have seen all sorts of objects man made in the sky and i have never seen anything like this. the very next night i saw a bright light appear in the sky and increase in intensity for a short while then fade away in about 15 seconds. i never noticed it again.
6. objects just faded away like the batteries running out on a flashlight
