{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-03 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498936","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60220","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4310,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/936/mufon-5498936.json","updb_database_id":5498936}
{cak} large light circle above clouds, two small disk like circles flew off, at incredible speed, the the circle turned into 8 -10 smaller disks and flew east over head.

On July 3rd my 12 year old daughter and I were outside looking for scorpions with new backlight flashlights, when I noticed a large ring of light hovering over a rock mesa by our house. I initially thought it was a light someone was testing for a 4th of July show. We continued to search for scorpions in our side yard, and were about to go in when the light got brighter. (at least it appeared that way) As I looked I noticed there was no light shining up to the sky, and the ring of light was above the clouds. As my daughter and I stared at the light we both got light headed and she got a bit queasy. I had a green laser light in my truck, parked in the driveway along with a bright night light, spotlight. (charger plug in type) I took the laser light and shined it on the circle. Nothing, it stayed where it was. I then got my daughter and we drove to the base of the mesa, and found nobody or homes with any lights shining up. We were now almost directly under the edge of the circle. My daughter got frightened, and I was just a little uneasy, but my curiosity over rode it. I pulled back into the driveway and took out my "Surefire" flashlight and shined it directly into the center of the circle, thinking it would do nothing. Almost instantly two smaller circles of light shot out of the edge of the ring, one going north, and the other going south. They both went incredibly fast and both at the same time and speed. A few seconds later they returned and stopped the instant they touched the ring. I will admit I don't scare easy, but that got me a bit. The light had to be above the clouds as it stayed the perfect disk as it left, and on approach. Despite my daughters telling me not to and my inner voice telling me not to, I took out my sunbeam spotlight and pointed it in the circle's center and turned it on. In a matter of seconds, the circle intensified in brilliance, and suddenly turned into several of the disk like orbs of light and flew at an enormous rate of speed from where the ring of light was directly over our heads to the east until we could no longer see them. They were full out of sight in a matter of seconds. They flew with no sound. We live in a black out neighborhood. (no streetlights) and in a retirement community. There are only a few of us here year around and not many on a cloudy rainy weekend. I wasn't going to say anything except for the fact that while walking my dog last week I noticed a flashing white, yellow bluish, red object hovering way above where I saw the ring. While I was looking at it, it faded to just a dull yellowish white, then faded away. disappeared if you will. I've never seen anything like it. I was the only one to see the last one, that I know of, except my dog, but last I know she won't say a word. (A little levity) 
Kind of has me on edge. I've never had an experience like that, and thought for sure someone had to be playing with lights. Searched hi and low, but, well, nothing. Not a stitch of anything.
I would like to see it again, and have looked several times during clouds and clear weather,but nothing so far. I'm a bit uneasy as well, because sometimes you find what your looking for and once that happens, you can "unfind" it. on a scale of 1 - 10 I had a 6 in the uneasy factor. I told ny daughter not to discuss it with her friends unless they brought something up first, but that at least she has an experience in her memory to hold on to. She has complained of a number of bad dreams since the night of July 3rd.  Thank you for letting me tell my story.
