{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-13 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453936","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107684","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3144,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/936/mufon-5453936.json","updb_database_id":5453936}
{cak} Seven Objects In The Position of High Altitude Stars Began Moving South, The Last Moved East - 8 Total Objects

I was grilling a late dinner this evening at my residence in Cobb County Georgia at about 9:40pm. I live between Kennesaw, Marietta, and Woodstock in NW Metro Atlanta (please verify my address for exact coordinates). I am former Army Intelligence, a combat veteran, and have never, ever seen or witnessed anything like I did tonight. I was sitting on my patio and was looking WNW and noticing how Venus was so bright. I also noticed that there were other multiple stars visible. This was significant because we got clobbered last night with very bad thunderstorms, rain, and tornadoes in our area. The outside temp was about 65 degrees, the atmosphere was completely clear - stars, Moon, everything very visible for miles. At 9:41pm, I was looking directly at one small star in close proximity to Venus that began to move. I thought I was imagining it, but I actually put my hands up to place distance between the stars to see if it was my imagination. It wasn't. The star was moving. About the time I took my hands down and said "Damn!", I noticed a second star do the same exact thing. It seemed to follow the first object in the exact same direction and trajectory. Then a third object in the same vicinity began the exact same movement following the first two. I began to yell for my wife to come outside and see this. She came out and witnessed the fourth, fifth, sixth, and seventh objects do the exact same thing - they all moved lineally towards the due south following each other, from a position that was above and West of where our house is located. Approximate altitude was very, very high - maybe 70 - 80k feet, no sound or sonic boom. The distance they covered was at least 30 - 40 miles in less than a minute. Maybe MACH 2 or 3 speed with no sound. My wife even noticed the last (8th) object start to move from the same cluster of stars, but this one moved due East and disappeared before it would have been obstructed by the eve of our house. My wife tried to get video of this with her cellphone, but it happened so fast, and we were in direct light from our back patio light, that it would have been impossible to get this event on video. I really wish we could have, but it happened too fast for us to get. This was not meteors or falling stars, We know what we saw. I am willing to to be interviewed for this. Please respond when you get a chance and thank you for providing a place for me to report my observations.
