{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-10-31 18:53:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547936","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"13450","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2413,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/936/mufon-5547936.json","updb_database_id":5547936}
Two Red Glowing Orbs slowly drift over my house South West to North East

I was standing on my front porch, I had just lit a cigar and neighborhood kids were trick or treating. As I turned around toward the street my eye caught a red light in the Sky at about 2 o'clock high. This red light was approaching slowly toward me. At first I thought it was a plane however it was moving too slow to be a plane.

I stepped off the porch to observe the light as it was passing over my house. It passed straight over my house at a height of I would guess to be several thousand feet. Looking at the object straight above it had no flashing marker lights as a plane would have. The object appeared to be round and it glowed orange/red. As it passed over the brighness of the object suddenly changed to a faint red dot. I could track this dot as it proceeded North East. I lost it as it passed behind the neighbors house. The object made no noise. 

I called my Father at 6:58pm after the object left my field of view. He lives about 20 minutes in that direction and I asked if he would go out and look west. Hoping he would see this object as it approached. My Father noticed a white light moving slowly but didn't think anything more of it.

While on the phone with my Father I looked up and another Orb was moving on the same trajectory. I disconnected the call and managed to take one photo with my camera phone. The orb faded out as the first one did and I could track a smaller faint dot as it moved North East. Second Sighting was at 7:00 pm

Shortly after two older teens were walking in front of the house. I asked them if they saw anything and the teens indicated that they saw what looked like a flying pumpkin.
