{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-08-15 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492207","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67344","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3158,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/207/mufon-5492207.json","updb_database_id":5492207}
{jpg} black solid triangular object moving slowly over my house with two orange orbs following

At the time of seeing these objects I was applying to join the RAF, the week previously I had been to my third interview/induction meeting. As part of this process I had received a booklet containing all UK RAF hardware including the planes and helicopters used as well as weaponry used, with the instructions to learn all the hardware available as we would be tested on this information. After my third interview i was taken aside and informed that due to previous bouts of hay fever I would be unable to continue the process at that time, however I could reapply one year down the line. I still have the letter I received somewhere which would allow me to give an exact date of the sighting. I include this information for two reasons, firstly because at this time I was required to know and identify all types of military aircraft and secondly because I was disappointed by the decision and was outside in the back garden having a cigarette whilst mulling over my options.
It was around 1:30 am and I was sitting on the bench in the back garden contemplating my next move. I remember hearing a faint buzzing sound which I can best describe as the sound an air conditioning system would make. This noise didn't break my train of thought as I remember hearing it and without really thinking about it, attributing it to the nearby motorway. After maybe 20-30 secs of it continuing, my thoughts changed to realising that was not the sound of the motorway, I had never heard anything like it before or since. At this point I looked up and slightly to my right but essentially directly above me I saw three bright white lights in the shape of an equilateral triangle, upon closer inspection I could make out the body of the vehicle which joined the lights. The body was a matt black colour which could be made out against the slightly lighter night sky. As the object moved it blocked out the stars that were in my line of vision. At this point I also saw two orange orbs following the triangular object, these were offset but following directly behind the triangular object, as the three objects flew directly above me the two orbs crossed over, switched position and carried on on the same trajectory. I watched as the objects passed directly overhead until they went out of vision over my house, at this point I ran inside and watched from the living room window as they continued on the same flight path until they were out of sight. The whole incident was over in around 3-4 minutes.
