{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-04 21:39:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475207","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85092","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2511,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/207/mufon-5475207.json","updb_database_id":5475207}
{cak} Helicopter following 3 red solid lights

1. I was in my back yard trying to get the engine to start on a wrecked car I had just purchased.
2. I heard the sound of a helicopter so that prompted me to look in the direction of the sound.
3. I knew I heard what sounded like a single helicopter but when I looked I could not wrap my mind around what I was seeing at first. Based on the lighting the helicopter appeard insanely large. It appeared to look something like the flying fortress from the Avengers movie(roughly the size of a football field. Upon observing it for a few more seconds I realized it was not a single object. It was was a helicopter either in pursuit off or escorting another object that had 3 red lights. The lights were spread out quite a bit which gave the appearing of a very large object in comparison to the choppe that was following very closely. Based on the spacing of the lights it appeared as thoughthey may have been in a delta configuation though I am not 100 percent certain due to the angle I was viewing the event from. The red lights appeared to be only visible from the front of the craft. I say this becuase as it was passing the red lights vanished.
After about 30 seconds or so of observing the lights I decided to attempt to film it with my iphone. Unfortunatley the lights vanished 2-3 seconds before I started filming. The lights of the helicopter were all that was visible in my video.
I was unable to determine if the 3 lights were 3 individual craft or one single solid object. 
I lost sight of it when it flew over the trees north west of my location.
Though this occoured over a year ago I felt it was worth reporting when I was recently shown an article online by a co-worker describing a similar event in the area whittnessed by others.
