{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-21 15:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503207","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55751","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4324,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/207/mufon-5503207.json","updb_database_id":5503207}
{rjl} 3 Witnesses To A Daylight Sighting of a HUGE Black Rectangle UFO At Treetop Level Pennsylvania

On Monday April 21, 2014 at approx 3:15pm I was finishing up my jog at the local park here in Donora, PA. Called Palmer Park. I noticed slightly to the left of my position above the treetops on the hill was a HUGE black rectangle object moving slowly over the treetops. Moving right to left. It had a very "boxy" look to it, sharp defined edges. This thing was very far away, about 1-2 miles. The park I was at is way up on a hill so that's how I was able to see it so far away. This object did not reflect the daytime sun. I saw no lights on it or windows. It was far away so all I can say is what I saw from the distance of where I was. The object did appear to change shape, going from a large solid rectangle to a thinner but just as long rectangle. It was just cruising along very very slowly above the treetops and even hovered a few times. It was 2-3 times the size of the goodyear blimp I'd say for as big as it appeared for as far away as I knew it was. It was really close, touching the treetops practically. I did not have my phone to take a photo. I was still a ways form my car where my phone was so i tried to jog to my car as fast as I could being already out of breath. There were some other people there at the park. I knew I needed to get other people to confirm this sighting. There were two women sitting watching their kids play on the playground. I was still some walking distance from them so I kept my eye on this object while I made my way over to them. At this point the object has crossed over a gap between the large hillsides to continue its course over the next hillside and treetops. This object i swear changed shape a few times. Getting thinner then real big again. Always maintaining the rectangle shape and dull black color. Also it appeared to move sideways, backing up away from my position, then back towards me again.

I finally reached the two women and asked them "Ok ladies, what do you think that is? A UFO?" They both replied excitedly "I don't know, we were just talking about that!" I told them if they had a camera phone to please take a picture of it. The one woman did hold up her phone, I don't know if she was able to photograph it. They both were clueless as to what it was, as was I. Mind you, these are strangers so I wasn't about to intrude on their afternoon family outing, as exciting as this was. I mentioned as I walked away for them to please make a MUFON report.

I finished my walk back to my car to see this object descend a little further into the treetops and away out of my sight. I started my car as fast as I could and made my way down the steep hill to the main road (McKean Ave) aka the 837. When I reached the street and out of the park the object was no where to be found. I wasn't expecting to see it as it was already 1-2 miles from me way ontop of the hill near the town of Monongahela.

I have no idea what this was. I've never seen anything before it in my life. I can say that I didn't expect to see such a "boxy" shape. It definitely appeared to have sharp corner edges to it. Not aerodynamic at all. The object for sure changed shape. Not into another shape, just got thinner, then big again. The object did not appear to be blowing with the wind. I do not believe this object to have been a balloon, conventional aircraft, blimp, or kite. It was not wobbling. It was solid, steady and appeared to be under intelligent control. I have yet to look into any new missing persons reports in this area. I have not seen any other reports on this sighting yet either. I hope those ladies make their reports and really hoping one got a photo.
