{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484207","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75631","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3660,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/207/mufon-5484207.json","updb_database_id":5484207}
{nd} Flash of light observed inside dark bedroom with shades down and curtains drawn

My significant other and I retreated to bed around midnight. Our dog "Tank", is a German Shepard mix and he sleeps in our bedroom with us in a large doggie bed on the floor.

Our bedroom door was open but all the lights were out and shades were down and curtains drawn. We were laying there talking, about half an hour into our conversation there was a bright flash of white light which lit up the entire room. We both immediately got up. We were trying to figure out what it was.  I asked my boyfriend, did that come from inside or outside? He said he thought from outside. If it had come from outside it had to have been pretty bright as it lit up the entire bedroom, and as I have stated our blinds were down and curtains shut, and we have the room darkening curtains.

When we got up out of bed to "investigate", our dog who normally stays in his bed was lying half inside the room and half out in the middle of the door way. I walked out of the bedroom and into the living room, which is just off the bedroom to the front door, Tank the dog followed me. I went outside to see if there were any clouds, perhaps it had been lightening, although we never heard any thunder, but there were stars out, and a clear night sky was observed.

We, my boyfriend and I both sat on the couch in living room, trying to figure out what it could have been. It was so very bright! After about fifteen minutes my boyfriend went back into the bedroom, I stayed sitting on the loveseat in the living room, which faces our bedroom. To the left of the bedroom door is a lamp on a table, that we had turned on. He went into the bedroom, leaving the door open. I was facing the bedroom when at approximately 1 am another flash occured, this flash was more of a blue white, while the first flash as white light. lighting up just the bedroom. So I called out to him from the love seat, did you see that? He said yes, I saw another flash. I then said it seems to be only in that room.

He got up turned on the light in the bedroom for the second time and looked all around, even under our bed. LOL.

I finally got up the nerve to go back into the bedroom around 2 am and soon fell asleep. However, our dog who is normally our shadow at all times refused to come back into the bedroom and slept out in the living room all night. Today he really has not gone into the room, unless one of us is with him.

Also, we live off a very busy road, it is normally well traveled at all times of the day and night. Close to us are two factories. When we saw the flashes both times, we both observed that there was no traffic at all outside for at least ten mins. before and after. Which is strange. For instance when I went outside to look at the sky the first time, I told my boyfriend, isn't that strange? Where are all the cars? It looks deserted out there.

Because we live in the town, on a busy road I just need to know did anyone else close to us observe anything like this very early this morning?
