{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-05-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291207","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112130","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3820,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/207/mufon-5291207.json","updb_database_id":5291207}
Abduction every night for a week

I think it was 1986 when I was 15. I remember it clearly. Every night for a week I was visited by an entity. It was very small and spikey. Not as spikey as a hedgehog. It was quite small, about 3 ft. It would appear on my chest and take me out of my bedroom window. I never got to see what it looked like. Everytime it took me out of my window we would fly somewhere. I didn't feel like I was in a craft but felt like flying through the air. It felt so real. I remember clearly. We hovered above trees and I felt my stomach go over due to how high I was. Initially I thought I was dreaming the first night it happened. When I woke up the next day I felt damp and groggy like I'd been outside all night. My window was open. I rememberd my dream and put it down as a dream. Then the next night it happened again and then for several consecutive nights. Each night started off the same but I went to different places. One place I went was a very high mountain that seemed unlike our world. The rocks were more jagged and darker. It looked very similar to a castle but a futuristic one. When I arrived i felt a presence of many people/ beings. I was unable to see them. A voice( female) spoke inside my head saying I'd been brought here to help them. She sounded very friendly and I felt safe. I asked if I could see them and she said no as their form would scare me. I still didn't feel afraid. She said we are a peaceful race and we cannot kill or use force against another so we chose you. I was then shown inside a building. It seemed very similar to a stone castle type building. I could hear a noise of banging. I was given a spear like object to sort out their problem. As I approached another room, a robot like object was bashing into walls and looked like it was malfunctioning. It approached me and I disabled it with the weapon I was given. Was quite easy. They were very grateful. They told me they would be there for me if ever I needed them and were forever grateful. When I woke up following this, I had 3 scratches on my cheek and what appeared to be a black object buried just on my jaw line. I could feel something under my skin. After quite a while I took out a black object much smaller than a grain of rice but the same sort of shape. The next notable event was same routine. Thing taking me out of my room. This time to my place of work. A workshop in the middle of the countryside. It was dark but there was enough light to see an amazing semi clad blonde girl. Absolutely stunning. She was smiling. Didn't talk. I think we had sex but it was a little blurred. Each time these events happened my window was always open and I was damp. I remember having a sore throat. Just like that feeling of camping in a tent. In the same week when I was flying around, it looked like Holland. I saw a windmill and a Dutch girl in a field. I wasn't aware she could see me but she looked up and ran away scared. I remember the events clearly along with other events of that week. Its always on my mind and has puzzled me for decades. It felt like a real event. I have only ever told a few close friends. Since it has happened I've read things that have happened to others that have similarly happened to me.
