{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-07-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504207","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54691","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3985,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/207/mufon-5504207.json","updb_database_id":5504207}
{cak} Encounter with a large UFO experienced by my entire family, but I am the only one who cannot remember what happened.

I was 16 years old and lived in the country outside of Denver. One evening we went into town to get pizza and on the way back I saw a very bright light out in a field to the west. Thinking it could be a downed plane ( there was a municipal airport nearby) my mom drove to the sight. I am the oldest of 5 and all of my siblings were present. We observed a very large ( 1/2 the size of a football field) cigar shaped craft hovering over the ground. It appeared to be metallic and had two very bright lights on the front and back. My mother turned off the car and rolled down the windows and it was silent except for a slight hum which could have been the power lines overhead. My mother and siblings have no recollection of how long we were there. Strangely, even though I pointed the craft out and was older than the others, I have no memory of that night. I have retold the story always saying that it was something that happened to my mom and siblings. One day as an adult I asked my mom something about the event and she looked at me startled and said..."You were there, you were the one who pointed it out!" She found it odd I had no memory of that night. When I was twenty I wrote a paper for a college English class. It was an odd experience because I wrote this story very quickly and without having to think about it, afterwards I was somewhat surprised at what I had written. It is a story called "The Precious Harvest" and recounts the abduction of a young woman describing her examination and the explanation for the procedure being done on her. She was told that our species had been planted on this planet long ago and that the aliens believed that in a short period of time we would destroy the planet and ourselves with it. They described themselves as the guardians of seed responsible for making sure that our genetic material would be available to one day re-seed another planet. I am now 55 years old. I have been plagued by many unexplained events that many around me and at times myself, wrote off as "supernatural". My senior year of high school and first year of college I received phone calls from a woman who consistently told me where I had been and what I was doing, making it clear I was being closely watched. The event was reported to the police and persisted for a year and a half. It got so bad I had to have a police escort to nighttime events on campus. Oddly, the woman would often say when I asked why she was doing this, "we love you as we have always loved you." I finally left school early and moved back east to live with my dad. The harassment stopped. However, I have since experienced what I thought was living in haunted houses. Myself and my kids have had appliances turn on, furniture move, faucets turned on, lights turned on and off and many other odd occurances. When my son was ten he had an experience of something lifting his bed off of the floor, he was so frightened he could not call out for help, luckily his sister checked in on him and he flew off the bed and wrapped himself around her, still unable to speak. He never slept in that room again. My children and myself often wake with unexplained bruising and scratches. Myself and my children have observed UFO's on multiple occasions and in different states.
