{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-10-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549207","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5506","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5267,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/207/mufon-5549207.json","updb_database_id":5549207}
couldn't see, even with 400X zoom, but saw contrail

I had purchased a new camcorder the day before this incident, which happened on a weekend, and hadn't used it yet. I had it in my vehcle as I pulled into our driveway and parked. My wife was in the back yard, playing with our pets, and I went to talk to her over the back yard fence.
We had been talking for about 3 minutes when a puff of smoke in the sky, over her head, caught my eye. I recognized a contrail of some sort of aircraft, and it was falling at a rapid speed toward the ground. I thought, immediately, there was going to be an aircraft crash, so I ran to the truck to get the new camcorder.
I ran back to the backyard fence, and started the recorder, zooming to the maximum 400X power, and couldn't see an identifiable aircraft at the leading edge of the moving contrail.
I ran through the gate and tried to catch as much of the rapidly vanishing object as I could, but it was moving too fast for me to keep up with. I then videotaped the length and intensity of the contrail that was left behind.
The contrail tracked back to a large ball of smoke, located approximately directly over the center of the town of Columbus, MS. After it started, the trail started a steep descent toward the ground, but stopped in midair, before the aircraft crashed, and reversed direction, climbing rapidly, then turning at a quick 90 degree angle and speeding out of sight to the north.
I thought I had witnessed an in-flight emergency (an IFE), and the aircraft had attempted a successful midair engine restart. I don't think that's what happened now.

I work at Columbus Air Force Base as a computer network administrator with the 14FTW Maintenance Directorate. We are responsible for delivering operational aircraft to the flying wing, for the maintenance of all wing aircraft and for all maintenance operations, including MOCC control center dispatch for all IFE emergencies.

The day after I witnessed the incident, I went to the MOCC center and asked about any declared IFEs for that weekend, and was told there were no IFEs. I contacted the base airspace coordinator, responsible for any fly through missions in our base airspace, and no fly throughs were scheduled for that weekend. I contacted the RapCon flight control center and asked if any miscellaneous aicraft had declared IFEs or had any other types of emergencies over downtown Columbus that weekend, and was told there were none.
I was a crewchief on F4 Phantoms and F-111 Aardvarks in the US Air Force, have witnessed IFEs, flameouts, in-flight restarts, flybys, rapid ascent climbs, everything that was available at the time, from SR71s to Harriers, from 106s to A7Ds, and I have never seen anything like what I saw that day.
I can film a T37 "Tweet", from the ground, with the same camcorder on 400X zoom, and see an aircraft outline. The "Tweet" is one of the smallest jet aircraft in the US Air Force inventory.
On full 400X zoom, I couldn't make out any discernable aircraft shape whatsoever in the video. Also, the aircraft, if it had continued on its dive, would have crashed near the cener of the city, yet there were no police reports and no media reports of the incident. The only evidence it happened at all is the brief video I shot.
I would very much like to forward a copy of the digital file to someone who is interested in examining it. The beginning quality of the video is quite good, but while I was running toward the back yard fence, I must have hit the effects button by mistake and it pixelated about half of the video. Still, the extent and the size of the contrail is obvious and the direction the object traveled is clear in the first half of the video.

This happened some time ago, and I have hesitated in trying to bring this to someone's attention, but I have only just recently been diagnosed with colon cancer, and I'm not concerned with my reputation any longer. I have a secret security clearance I could lose, but I'm no longer concerned about that.
If you have someone there who would like to see this video, I can email a copy of it any day this week except Wednesday. I will be in New Orleans at the Cancer Institute for a surgery consultation all day.

I will only send this video file if I am certain it will be treated seriously. If someone decides to respond, please send your reply to both my personal and work email addresses:
ThomGeiger@Yahoo.com
Thom.Geiger.ctr@Columbus.AF.MIL

I look forward to hearing from someone there.

Thom Geiger
14FTW/MX Maintenance Directorate
MXOD Data Management
