{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-28 21:26:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508207","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50287","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3357,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/207/mufon-5508207.json","updb_database_id":5508207}
{nd} It appeared to be a star the first time i seen it didn't move any for 30 min then dissapeared

Going to work around 530 am about a mile from my house in feburary 2013 at first I thought it was a planet because of its brightness then I noticed it moving I kept driving about 1/2 mile and then the object was directly over me I shut my truck off thinking I would here something but I heard nothing whatsoever. I sat there a minute nothing happened and I went on to work. That eveing I come home to tell my mom about it and before I could even walk inside she came outside and started telling me how something flashed in her window and woke her up about 5:50 around 20 min after I left. She said she looked out the window, ( I have a 9 acre field beside my house) and that something really bright was lifting up from the field. Well the following night I had someone shine a light in my moms window and snatched on my back door. This was on a Thursday then on that Saturday the same thing happened. Well ever since then we have had this same person do a lot of creepy and messed up things and I cannot seem to catch him. have made 3 police reports too,(nothing ever come of that) well at the time all the stuff starting happening with the person trying to get in I didn't think nothing more about what I seen in the sky, until about two months ago when I seen it again I watched for about 25 min straight it never moved none at all it was completely staitionary. after watching it for a while I called my girlfriend and told her to come outside that I was going to pick her up. so I drive about 50 yards from where I had been sitting watching it at to my back porch, I pick her up then 45 seconds after I just seen it it I pull back for her to look at and its gone. ever since then I have seen it 14 more times in the past two months. # other people has seen it with me a few times. Today is 8/29/13 and I have seen it the past two nights. whatever this is is watching us. the past two nights we have seen it it will be in one spot the whole time. but both nights I have pulled out of the driveway made a u turn and pulled right back in and it will disappear. and where my house is at you cant see nothing at all from the rock road I live down, so only us at the house could see it. There is much more stuff I could write but I need someone that knows hthey are doing to plese help us. I don't know if the person trying to get inside has anything to do with the light but that is a heck of a coinsidense that the following night from the first morning we seen it that someone tried to get in. There has been so many things that has happened. All of this really isnt made up at all so if someone could help me. text the number I have listed or something please. thank you
