{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-06 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526257","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29438","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2646,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/257/mufon-5526257.json","updb_database_id":5526257}
Silent/Hovering Triangular-Formation of Lights Suddenly Took Off

My mother and I were heading west down US 180 about 3 miles east of the small unincorporated community of Funston, TX, in Jones County around 10:15PM on the evening of June 6, 2011. While looking at the road, I noticed a low flying object, that I thought to be a plane. As it crossed over the road in front of us, we joked around about the possibility of it being a "UFO." Finally, the object stopped; and seemed to hover in midair. As we got closer, we could see the object had white/green LED like lights on the bottom, and there was also a flashing red light in the center. The lights were arranged in a triangular formation. As we got closer, we believed the object to be a radio tower. But as we pulled up to the point where we were about even with the object, we could tell it had more "depth," than just a radio tower. This thing was big. The object was still hovering over what I believe is a field (probably hovering around 70-100'). I stopped the vehicle on the shoulder of the highway and my mother rolled the window down. Instantly the object began to move slowly in an east-northeast direction. The object had absolutely no sound whatsoever as it began to move; it began to move faster and faster. I immediately turned the car around and headed east down US 180 as I tried to see where the object went. The lights got smaller and smaller and finally appeared as only one light that flashed. The object kept getting smaller and smaller and I decided to turn around. I felt very confused, yet excited about what I had just seen. Later that night, the excitement turned to a slight amount of fear. I didn't know if this was some kind of plane, jet, helicopter, or ET life...it was certainly a highlight of the night. We both discussed what we had just seen, and both questioned how it could be a plane/jet since there was no sound. Whatever it was, it did NOT like it when we stopped the vehicle. It took off immediately. Never was there a sound. It was an extremely weird night....
