{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-12-12 02:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486257","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73457","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3434,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/257/mufon-5486257.json","updb_database_id":5486257}
{dr}i ws greeted they instructed me in how to colapse space time with a vehicle design

I noticed pink and purple lights on the snow outside. I went out, the clouds parted from around an egg shaped craft the craft had pink and purple lighted surface the purple dots moved around on the surface, the craft illuminated bright yellow sunshine for a moment at 2:42 am. I had discovered a hidden code in the syriac pes**tto they knew that they told me that they knew, I was working on the codec when I noticed the lights. after that I continued to have encounters one vessel had arms and was harvesting something from the trees it smelled of egg ether or some light gas hydrocarbon. I was allowed to see their technologies, they have a museum of human history preserved for us, they taught me how to collapse space time they gave me a vehicle design and I understand it perfectly I have written a book about the all of this. i worked out the physics over last few years the vehicle gravitizes at its margin. this is too complicated to explain in brief. I am extremely excited about this, they are the Annunakki I trust them explicitly, I feel safe and comfortable when they are in my midst. some of their machine function on static electrical sound wave vibrations that exibit a forward crawling vibration wave pattern. this was confounding because Nikola tesla made a similar discovery. these interactions have gone on between us for 11 years. it took me ten years to fully design the vehicle with its original engine as described to me by the Grey that visits me. the pink and purple vessel made a low hum that resembled metal discs spinning against each other, the technology of the pink egg was a different technology than what they told me to design, they said this vehicle ws suitable for our technography.the vehicle controlled or made and unmade clouds,the vehicle shot straight upward at incredible speeds after hovering over my house for ten or more minutes. it scanned me scanned the contents of my study room it was a column of red and blue lights the size of a pin head. it looked at every thing that was related to the bible codec cyphers that I had obtained. the book that I wrote about all of this is called the Book of Foundations. I have a journal dated 2007 that I chronicled all of this
