{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476257","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83997","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2638,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/257/mufon-5476257.json","updb_database_id":5476257}
{rjl} saw 2 tirangle shaped fast moving no noise...lights on tips of triangles. Went straight up after crossing us . Saw white circle stationary lights making a cross, hanging there afterward.

Coming home from Michigan, warm summer at dusk, had window open a bit on my side. I was looking up at the lit trees in the front windshield from our headlights, no cars on road. Into my view, from left to right, came a brownish triangle with red orange lights, one in each tip of triangle. It was right above the front of the car about tree top or less, moving fast, and then jerked up and to the sky as fast as can be, when the 2nd one appeared doing the same maneuver and looked the same. Not a sound was heard from them. They went straight up and disappeared in the darker sky. They both seemed to be some sort of metal. I told my Husband that there were two ufo's that had zoomed past our moving car. He sat higher in the seat and didn't see much of them, just a glow. I looked back to see them again out of the right side and back window but they were gone. However that is when I saw the second odd one, higher in the sky. It was stationary in the sky and it formed a cross. There were at least 20 to 30 circular lights making a straight line and with 15 or so lights making the cross. I told my husband that it was much different than the object that I had seen as a 12 year old in 1950 in Beaver County, Pa. I wasn't scared this time but petrified when I was 12 years old.
Nothing we own or make or have can move like that with not a sound. Especially in the air and so close to objects and people. 
Thanks, I have wanted to tell someone about this for years. The one seen in 1950 was a giant oval lighted object above my head. It moved in a straight line first right, quickly then left, then back to it's original position. It shown THROUGH the clouds and the more scared I got it finally started to move straight up and out of sight, with it's outline getting smaller and smaller as it ascended. I have thought about that for years. 
Thanks, Betty
