{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-01-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505257","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53606","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2493,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/257/mufon-5505257.json","updb_database_id":5505257}
{rjl} Orbs over copper mine west of Salt Lake City, UT in mid 70's

In early 1975 I was a patient at the Shriners Hospital in Salt Lake City, UT. I was 15 years when this incident happened.

The hospital is on the side of a mountain in the northeast side of the city. I was in a ward that had a panoramic view of the entire valley. My childhood dream was to become a pilot and I loved watching airplanes coming and going from the SLC international airport at night. (About two years later I had my private pilots license and later became a corporate pilot.)

I was watching the airplanes at the airport on a clear night. I would guess it to be around 10pm at night. The airport was maybe 8-10 miles from the hospital. About another 15 miles WSW of the airport is the large Kennecott strip copper mine. I began to notice these round orange objects that seemed to be hovering near the mine. Given the distance of around 25 miles from the hospital, these lights had to be extremely bright. The number kept changing from just one or two, to as many as six or seven. Other kids on my side of the ward also started watching them after I pointed them out. I also called to a nurses aid to come and look at the lights.

This went on for around 15-20 minutes. The lights would appear somewhat slowly, they just didn't flash on, and they disappeared in the same way. I knew these were not airplanes or helicopters. 
Gradually the number of lights diminished down to 1 or 2 and then there was nothing. After a few minutes of not seeing any lights everyone lost interest and started going asleep. I closely watched for another 30 minutes without seeing anything else.

This incident has been in the back of my mind all these years. I often wonder if anyone else near the Kennecott mine saw the lights. If you have any information from this time period regarding these lights, or orbs, I would like to know.
