{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-08 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487257","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72412","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2842,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/257/mufon-5487257.json","updb_database_id":5487257}
{nd} 3 blinking lights, felt like my husband and I were being messed with as it would stop and go as we would stop and go to look at it .

It was too around 4:30am on Sunday, early morning of NOV 8th, 2015. My husband and I were coming home from our date and parked on the street, needing to walk roughly 100ft to reach my home ( I live on a dead end street in San Gabriel, Ca).
I was facing East waiting for my husband to calmly finish his cigarette (while i was freezing by the way) and noticed a bright light coming straight from the SouthEast, which at first I thought was a regular airplane or helicopter, but noticed it was a bit unusually brighter than that. I then thought it could be a satellite? I then asked my husband to look.
Id say it was about 3-4 miles away distance on ground and air when it startes hovering in place and my husband and I stared at each other questioning what the hell we were seeing? A man controlled drone people use to record maybe? 
Anyway i began to feel very uneasy, as i could not figure out what it was and it was still dark like night time. I told him i had seen plenty and insisted we go inside.
I grabbed his arm and kept gently tugging on him to start walking so we begin walking and the THING starts looking like it's moving towards us as well. And we both stopper again in the middle of the street ARDENDALE at the dead end and it stops now about 2 miles distance ground maybe e miles high in the air hovering in place this time i could see clearer that this THING had 3 circular blinking lights in a sequential motio left to right. Thats when i pulled out my phone to record it real fast since i had to go inside since my mom babysat my son. (Again i thought back to thinking may be this is a chopper? But it was way to big and helicopters pass by everyday with blue and red or white lights. )
After the video my husband asked "what is that"? We make our way through the long driveway walking Northbound and the THING slowly starts Moving from its direction in the SE to North very slowly hovering then continuing n so on . then i went inside very nervous woke up my mom and freaked out.
