{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-20 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493257","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66261","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2828,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/257/mufon-5493257.json","updb_database_id":5493257}
{nd} Three black triangles glide silently over my house towards Myrtle Beach

The night of January 20th was clear and calm, the stars were out but it was a new moon and quite dark. Right at 9PM I went out front to run an errand and noticed 3 sets of lights approaching very slowly from the SW. Something looked strange as the objects were very low, in close formation and were completely silent. It crossed my mind that it could be some kind of military exercise but there was no engine noise and no strobe lights on the wing tips. 

I also noticed something else that got my attention: The neighborhood was unusually quiet - no barking dogs, vehicle noise or movement of any kind. It was as if time was standing still, almost surreal.

As the objects passed directly over my front yard I realized I was seeing a set of three identical, black triangles flying in an offset pattern. Each craft had an oversized, round red stationary light just inside the front point (at least the size of a basketball), a smaller green light on the right wing tip and a white light on the left (the size of tennis balls). The green and white lights blinked alternately off and on in a steady pattern but were not strobing. The triangles were a flattened shape with the wingspan about double the length of the distance from the nose to the rear and were about the size of small aircraft without the tails. I could not make out any detail on the surfaces.

I snapped several photos from my cell phone as they glided overhead. (To  my later surprise and disappointment I got no images as if my camera had been blacked out.) I then jumped in my vehicle and followed the formation along Highway 17 for another 4-5 minutes toward Myrtle Beach until it eventually went out of view. The objects seemed to maintain the low altitude and slow speed in a straight SW to NE direction along the coast.

The experience, although quite awesome and exciting, has left me unsettled. I did not plan to run an errand at 9 PM that night, but suddenly had a wild idea to go out for a late dessert, which I have never done before. I felt I was prompted to be standing out front just as the triangles appeared, as if they expected me. The timing was too perfect.
