{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-03-30 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549257","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5206","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2576,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/257/mufon-5549257.json","updb_database_id":5549257}
Pulsating lights changing colars

While flying from Ft, Laurderdale to Atlanta Ga. we saw a pulsating light which seemed to be on the ground. The lights were pulsating from red,red and a vert quick very bright white. There seemed to be sparks coming from the object in a circular pattern 360 degrees around it. The object seemed to be on the ground ahead of the plane. The plane seemed to be slowly passing the object. As to the angle looking from the plane window the object seemed to at be at angle of about eight o'clock. My wife and I both watched it as the plane slowly passed it. I think the plane was flying at about 26000 feet. We continued to pass the object until it seemed to be a good distance behind us. All of a sudden the object shot straight up in the air  and stopped. Now the angle I am am looking out of the window to see it is about 11;00 0'clock. I was flying four planes a month on a previous job from 1975 to 1978 and was able to feel a plane turn in the air, however just after the object shot into the air I looked foward to see if the plane was banking one way or the other. The plane was flying straight and level. I looked back at the object and it was still in the air above the plane. It never moved one way or the other but it was still above the plane. I watched for about another fifteen seconds and it shot back down onto the ground. The movement time from being above the plane to being back on the ground was about one and a half seconds. I continued to watch it until I could no longer see it. The last I could see of the object it seemed to stay on the ground. I intended to speak to the pilot about it when the plane landed, but when the plane landed in Atlanta everybody stood up and blocked the aisles. I really don't know what we saw, but it was a very strange sighting and I have never saw anything like it. I've discribed the event to the best of my ability. This sightihg is as clear in my mind as if it happened yesterday. Thank you. Gene Sanders
