{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-08-26 21:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466257","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94464","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3185,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/257/mufon-5466257.json","updb_database_id":5466257}
{tdI was taking pictures of the moon Sunday night through my telescope with my cell phone focused on the moon from the eyepiece. As I was quickly snapping shots, object flew across the moon in less than 3 seconds, leaving a black trail of smoke, no lights

I was taking pictures of the moon with my cell phone through my telescope's eyepiece when all of a sudden a black object with no lights and a black tail flew across the shot in about 2 to 3 seconds. My telescope is located in my living room which faces west. It was focused on the moon rising over the mountains. It was still relatively low in the sky, so the moon looked very large through the lens. The lens was the lowest magnification- 25mm. 

I was clicking the shutter button on my phone continuously and I managed to capture pictures before, during, and after the object flew in the path of my lens. All of my pictures are time-stamped which can perhaps indicate the speed and distance of the object. The object surprised me because it flew much, much faster than any plane that has ever flown over my house, as if it was falling in a perfectly straight line, and there were no lights. 

I am not sure if it was a meteor which is why I am submitting my pictures and story here. I checked the internet to see if there were any meteor sightings or meteor landings on the east coast about the same time I took the pictures. I cannot find any reports of anything. The object was not on fire that I could see so I cannot explain the black tail it left, and there were NO lights. As can be seen in the photos, the object is the shape of a space shuttle. 

Occasionally, planes from BWI, Reagan National, and Dulles can be seen flying over my house (not everyday, just sometimes depending on their flight patterns), but these planes always have lights and white tails, day or night. This object was moving MUCH faster than any plane is capable of moving. Once the object crossed out of the path of the moon light, I could no longer see it. The pictures came out better than I thought. Hopefully someone can tell me what this is.
