{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-29 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525331","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30427","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3916,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/331/mufon-5525331.json","updb_database_id":5525331}
Oddly inner-illuminated clouds with silent ball lighting of various colors, followed by multicolored starlike objects moving slowly and trading places in their sky placement and sudden appearance of brighter/bigger-than-Venus/Jupiter white ball of light

My fiance had gone to the store, and when he came home, he was all excited saying I "just HAD" to go outside and see these two weird clouds and the crazy silent lighting in them! There were other clouds and some light haze, the usual color of that dirty brownish-pink/purple/orange of nighttime city clouds. But there were two large, softly rounded clouds that were a bright silvery-whitish blue--they appeared almost to be lit from within. Then we saw this brilliant burst---NOT A FLASH, a BURST--of lighting. It reminded me of the lighting seen in this video on YouTube of a pyramid UFO and crazy lightning in the sky over Taiwan! We walked out to this gravel pit near our apartment complex (which is out in the country sort of...we get lots of skywatching in, as light pollution isnt so bad out here). When we got there, there was another burst of lightning in the glowing blue clouds. We had a completely un-obstructed view of the sky a-la planetarium style. The clouds were in the WNW. As we looked around, watching about 5-6 different "stars" that were flashing rainbow colors very brightly and very rapidly, we both witnessed a brilliantly bright white starlike object form. It grew brighter and larger, then began to move towards the blue-glowing clouds in the WNW. As it moved, the starlike object got smaller and faded--this was very rapid (in a matter of maybe 10 seconds,it had moved maybe 90 degrees across the sky). We looked back towards the clouds, and saw the rainbow sparkling objects were seeming to almost exchange places, revolving around some unseen center point, they circled one higher, one lower--they had previously been almost in a horizontally level line with each other. Another of the rainbow flashers started moving off across the sky to NW. We saw some blinking flying objects that might have been airplanes except that they werent properly lit for navigation identification purposes and they were totally silent. One airplane did pass overhead at the end of the event--proper navigation lighting (red light on the left wing, green on the right, white in the center and the tail) and the doppler effect soundwaves properly matched the airplanes movement/distances. During this event, there were strong, cooling breezes around me and my fiance, but only trees in our immediate vicinity were affected--trees that were only 30-50 feet away were completely still. This "wind" seemed to move diagonally towards us from the direction of the sky. We were both psychologically washed with a sense of gratitude, awe, wonder, and many other such gentle feelings. It was very beautiful and we both felt like wed been targeted to have this experience shared with us! It felt like whatever it was, it was intelligent, benevolent, comforting and friendly. I had tried to use my digital camera to record some of this event, but its a piece of crap and so I got darkness and me and my fiance talking. But well never forget what we saw! This is not our first UFO rodeo (as the saying goes). Weve seen many many things together, as well as on our own.
