{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-20 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481331","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78688","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3288,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/331/mufon-5481331.json","updb_database_id":5481331}
{rjl} a small white blinking light that hovered and slowly flew from near the ground to the trees

I was on my grandparents' back deck, near the pool talking to my grandmother and sister who were in the pool. My grandmother noticed the blinking light, pointing it out because it was too bright, white, and periodical to be a lightening bug. It was hovering about 20 feet off the ground. It blinked every second for a little less than a second. At this point it wasn't in the sky, as it was between us and the garage. The only other nearby lights came from inside the house, and they didn't reach where the light was coming from, so we couldn't see the source of light, and it didn't continue moving so that it reached the light. The three of us watched it and talked about it for about five minutes until I went inside the house to grab my phone and describe it to the others who were inside. My mom came out to see it, but it was gone by the time we got back to the deck. My grandmother said it had floated back around the corner, out of sight. I don't know if it's important but she also said she and my sister had shouted at it, something along the lines of 'don't mess with us' and 'we don't want to go with you,' I don't remember specifically. We described it to my mom, who prompted the idea that it may have been a drone. I considered it, but am personally skeptical due to the fact that it was relatively quiet that night and we didn't hear noise coming from the light that would likely have come from a drone. My mom and I went to the front of the house to see if the light had moved that far, but we did not see it. There was a moment where a light flashed in front of my eyes, but that was likely due to reflection from inside or off of my mom's earring onto the lens of my glasses. We went back to the back deck, and my mom went back inside, but I stayed in case it came back. A few minutes later we spotted it again, this time in the tops of the trees in front of the house, the same white blinking light. We watched it slowly move through and around the tree tops, circling the house, it went from the trees in the front yard to the back yard and back to the front. We knew it wasn't a plane because it was much too close to the ground, only had one light brighter than any lights that you could see on planes, and did a loop in the sky, not the straight route across the sky that planes typically take. We lost sight of it after it seemed to go back to the trees in the front yard. During and after the sighting my actions and the actions of the other witnesses were normal, it didn't do anything to us but freak us out a little, it's not every day you see a literal unidentified flying object.
