{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-10 22:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490331","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69265","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2852,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/331/mufon-5490331.json","updb_database_id":5490331}
{cak} Fluttering / pulsing red circle traveling SW in night sky above Manitowoc

I noticed the object when I came out my back door of my home to close my garage door. The back of my house faces east and I noticed a red object in the northeast night sky. At first glance it appeared to be an ascending object, like a firework shell perhaps, though not very bright. But as I watched it, I could see it had a straight and level flight path heading southwest.

So I ran in the house and got my camera. I estimate I started shooting video about 30 seconds after I first spotted the object. Between trying to watch the object and shooting video, the object goes out of frame several times. The video also looks a little different from what I saw. The changes in color and luminosity appear more dramatic in the video than what my eyes saw. As the object moved overhead, it looked circular in shape and appeared to have a concentric circle in the middle that was slightly brighter. It's luminosity remained somewhat constant until it began to fade, from what I remember.

The object moved overhead, but was a bit to the west of my location, on the south west heading. Then I noticed the object beginning to dim, as if the light was slowly being turned off. I had to walk to the west down my driveway in order to visually track it, and it continued to fade out until it's luminosity was zero . I almost get a sense that it was transparent because of the muted red color it gave off and the way it appeared to just fade out. 

I tried to continue to track it's path, but I couldn't. The trees across the street were blocking my view of it's heading shortly after it faded out. 

The flight path was straight and level the whole time and I didn't hear any sound coming from the object. The sky was clear that night in the area of my observation and my surroundings were audibly quiet as well. My camera is a Canon SD750 point and shoot type. It recorded the event at 9:52 pm, but after checking its internal clock later, I found it to be slow by 58 minutes, probably due to daylight savings time. I estimate the sighting duration to be about one and a half minutes.
