{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-12-03 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479331","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80772","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3001,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/331/mufon-5479331.json","updb_database_id":5479331}
{jpg} Silent craft reflecting ground light.

I awoke from sleep around 2:00 am and not being able to get back to sleep decided to sit up for awhile. I regularly step outside of early mornings to star gaze and did so around 2:20am. The sky was lightly overcast with high clouds but stars were visible through and between the clouds.  Was looking at sky above at stars when movement to South lower to horizon caught my attention. I noticed a craft moving from West to East over downtown Blue Springs. It appeared saucer like and only the bottom was clearly visible as it was being illuminated from the city lights below. The color appeared to be a dull metallic gray though muted due to the dim light and the craft appeared to be on a bank to the Southeast making a larger portion of the bottom visible. The upper craft that was not illuminated was too dark to distinguish any further features. The craft completed it bank and leveled off and heading away to the Southeast at an approximate bearing of 160 degrees. As the craft leveled off, less of the bottom was visible and the upper portion of the craft became visible though too dark to distinguish much other than shadow. The craft overall appeared to be saucer shaped with a thicker midsection tapering off to the edges. The flight of the craft was smooth and totally silent as it moved away swiftly disappearing from view. It maintained an estimated altitude of 2,000 -3,000 ft never changing for the duration of the event. The craft itself I would estimate as 200' in diameter.

We live in an area in close proximity to Whiteman AFB in which I have witnessed the B2 Stealth bomber in flight on several occasions. I would say the flight of this craft was similar to the B2 but the features of the craft itself were different from the B2s I have seen.  Most notable differences are the color, the silent flight (as B2s are quite audible when flying away) and there were no lights visible on the craft during the entire event which was quite curious to me.

While watching the craft I tried to debunk what I was witnessing by rationalizing that the craft I was seeing could be a cloud, flock of geese or a know type of aircraft (B2). As far as the cloud or geese, the craft was moving too fast and the shape did not change as I would expect for either. As for other aircraft, the lack of noise and lights excludes the craft as being "normal" aircraft.
