{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-22 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501331","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57730","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2451,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/331/mufon-5501331.json","updb_database_id":5501331}
{nd} tall (6-7ft), slim, have very long arms and fingers, wasnt human shape

i was at my house, and I've been sleeping in my bed. my friend was sleeping over at this time, but i know it wasn't her, because shes really short, and this "alien" was really tall and super slim. which no one in the house was this skinny. i had my phone off at the moment, but when i woke up to turn to change my position, it was on, and the light that was coming from it, gave me enough light to see this thing. it was really tall, about 6 to 7 ft. which no one is around this height in my house. it had a weird looking head, sort of bigger than a humans but not overly sized. its face looked scrunched up, with its forehead covering its eyes. i saw that it had very long arms, that was about 11inches away from touching the ground. its fingers were 5 inches away from touching the ground. its fingers were the size of a banana (approximately 6 inches)and the tips of them, looked like claws. very very sharp. during this sighting, i felt fear. its like fear took over my whole being. we stared at each other for what seemed to be a couple of minutes, but when i looked at the clock, its only been a few seconds. A couple of weeks, after this incident, i got severe depression, blocking out everything. i think i scared it off, because when i woke up i jumped a little and stared at it, then it went away. in the morning of this incident one of my hair extensions were gone. i think it thought that it was my hair to do some testing on. i don't know what it wanted to do with me. i feel like it wanted to abduct me, but i woke up, and it didn't want to take me when i was awake so they took my hair extensions instead. i would really like an explanation to why it was in my room, and what it wanted with me. i still feel like this sighting of the alien is the cause of my depression.
