{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-28 14:48:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529741","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25771","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4112,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/741/mufon-5529741.json","updb_database_id":5529741}
Bright Stars on A Daylight Blue Sky

I work at ODOT on the corner of State and Airport Road SE here in Salem.
I was sitting in my car, as I usually do on afternoon breaks. I was watching 3 eagles soaring and riding the thermals. They were so high and it was a awesome sight.

About 2:47, I know because I frequently check my watch or clock on my cell phone to be sure that I do not stay longer then 15 minutes. Anyway the eagles had moved towards the West. Something some motion, caught my eye, so I transferred my gaze a bit towards the south. All the sudden I could see one very bright star and I thought, that1s strange, a star in daylight. Then I saw a 2nd one come in and that was followed by a 3rd, 4th and so on till I was sure there were 15-17 objects total.  At first I wondered if some balloons had gotten away, but that thought was quickly discarded when I saw the objects doing all kinds of movement, this was deliberate movement so I knew they could not be balloons, also I was pretty sure they would not reflect sunlight that brightly and they would have had to be hugh to be seen at that elevation. 

They would move out, come back, form a circle or a triangle. They formed regular triangles and then elongated ones. They would sit totally still and then start moving all of them at once and keep their distance from one another.. then they would stop etc.

about this time, 5-6 minutes into the sighting, I got out of my car and stood by it in the parking lot to get a better look, I was not able to see high enough, sitting in the car, so when I got out, I could see all the objects. What I did not understand was how or why when people were walking by, no one seemed interested, or cared. They saw me looking up and glanced up and then just kept on walking. I was so excited to be able to see something like this, I wish I had tried to take the pictures before, but it did not cross my mind.

About that time a manager in the building walked by, I asked him 1 do you see those objects? 1 His remark was NO.. so I said 1 Come over by my car 1 He did and then he said 1 Oh I can see them 1 I said what are they? And his answer was 1 they are not planes, they are not birds and they are not balloons 1  and he added 1 but if I had my gun, I would shoot them. 1 I thought, Just what we need, a trigger happy witness 1 
About that same time they all disappeared but not before I was able to snap two pictures with my Canon SX 200 IS x12 camera.  The Sun was so bright, the camera lens blacked out and I was not able to see what I was shooting at.. I just pointed in the direction of the objects. 

The total time of the sighting was 12-13 minutes.

The time was 3:01 and I had to go back inside. I shared the sighting with a couple of co- workers but they were not that all interested. So I took my camera and thought I would check and see if there was any thing on the 2 pictures I took. YES1 there was an unmistakable bright star on the picture, the 2nd picture did not have any noticeable points of light showing against the blue sky.

So when I came home that night, I tired some enhancing software on the computer Windows 2003 XP. What I saw was more confusing than the sighting itself.

I know the photos do not show much, but if you enhance or zoom on them, the objects do show up.
