{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-29 13:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459741","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101732","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3716,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/741/mufon-5459741.json","updb_database_id":5459741}
We were at the beach on a clear sunny day, then started seeing flashing lights in the sky

We were at the Leblon beach in Rio de Janeiro on a sunny saturday afternoon when we observed a couple of blinking lights in the sky towards the south east, over the horizon of the ocean. We observed initially two lights, one directly underneath the other, blinking in and out of view. Sometimes both lights would appear, other times only one light. Since Rio de Janeiro has a lot of air traffic, including commercial jets, helicopters, military helicopters and other, it took a short while to realize that this did not appear to be regular air traffic. Nor did the blinking lights appear as balloons or any other known object that we could think of. Seabirds and insects could also be discarded, as they were readily identifiable. Stars or planets were not visible in the sky until several hours later, when it started getting dark.

After a few minutes of observing the phenomenon, I grabbed my phone (iPhone 8 plus), and started filming the region of the sky were the lights were appearing. Soon, more lights started blinking at seemingly random locations in the sky, but usually two or three lights would appear simultaneously in an almost pattern like fashion, then disappear only to reappear an instant later in some other location. This went on for several minutes (the original video is 3 minutes and 30 seconds long). The phenomenon was appearing more in a general southward direction when we stopped seeing the lights. 

Examining the video after the incident, it became clear that the footage had captured the events, confirming on video what we remembered having seen, although to the naked eye it appeared more vivid then what is seen on the recording. 

A plane (probably a commercial jet) is seen entering the frame towards the end of the video, and it is distinctly different from the observed lights, as it moves through the frame in a linear fashion and with constant speed. Birds/insects are also observed in the video, and are also clearly identifiable as not being responsible for the observed phenomenon. 

As the lights are difficult to identify on the video at first glance, I cut the original recording to a time interval where the lights were appearing with a higher frequency. This edited video has been slowed down to 5% of its original speed to make it easier to spot the lights, which otherwise only appear in 1 frame only. The original recording can be supplied if anyone is interested. 

My educational background is within Physics, and I have worked in a technical field for a number of years. I can offer no viable explanation as to what we observed.
