{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287741","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115632","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2375,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/741/mufon-5287741.json","updb_database_id":5287741}
Multiple witnesses saw anywhere from 4-8 white lights blink in and out sequentially then disappear

Hi, I was out in my backyard with my family after watching local fireworks displays and happened to notice 4 lights in the sky, they looked very high in altitude and where travelling in a linear path. I've been interested in amateur astronomy for years and I noticed they didn't look like any natural constellation. Then I saw the first light on the most right blink out. Then the second one right before it. Thinking it was kind of odd I stopped the conversation between my mom and my brother and told them to come over and check out that section of the sky. Thinking I was being a bit crazy they got off the back porch and saw where I was pointing at. Then two more or possibly the same two objects that were originally in front appeared to the left of the previous two illuminated lights in the sky, as if it was some maneuver or possibly military exercise. Basic logic would assume that maybe it was just a line of lights either reflecting or a number of craft turning their lights on/off in some sort of exercise, but they lacked any of the multiple lights that are required for commercial craft. This series also repeated again with the other two before the original two that had disappeared also blinked out with two more before it appearing out of seemingly nowhere. Then the last 4 blinked out one after the other starting from the 2 new craft that appeared on the left which were now the two on the right disappearing, followed by the end of the second phased out section of the two craft, then phasing out completely from sight. It was a clear sky at that point and my mom and brother both witnessed this, I truly hope someone else saw it in my area and reported it as well.
