{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-02 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286741","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116643","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4149,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/741/mufon-5286741.json","updb_database_id":5286741}
Multiple UFOs followed me from home to the store and again when I was leaving the store to get in my car.

At around 3:45 am I was awakened out of a strange dream and had an Iris is table urge to go outside. Once there I looked at the sky and saw a large dark triangle shape craft about 180 feet above my deck. I was astonished as once I looked at my vision started to blur and my eyes started watering. I could see it but not focius on it. Like it was cloak I had itself as it moved towards some thiin clouds. As it was slowly moving back and up I found myself saying out loud, “Good morning!”. 
The object immediately responded by pausing its ascent and started spinning like a top for several seconds. I then asked if it was really there and it blinked a white distorted light in response. 
I said goodnight and started to go back inside thinking that my mind was playing tricks on me from the strange dream. But then I felt like I had to leave the house right away. I hopped in my car. In the way in I observed the craft flicker and head away from me towards to the west at an incredible speed, sharply turned heading towards space, stop, spin again then fly back towards me and stop above the trees a block away from me, where it swung like a pendulum for a few seconds before vanishing in an instant. 
I felt really confused and that I needed to learn my head. 
I got in the car and started for the store near by. It only took. A few minutes to get there, and the whole time I felt li was being followed by the object.
I pulled up to the parking lot and hesitated to leave the car as I could sense that they were right behind me in the sky hovering above the street I turned off of into the store parking lot. 
I got out of the car and with cell phone in hand I stared at the sky but could not really see them just faint glinting of metal I then raised my phone up and took another photo. 
Being really confused I went into the store for about 7 minutes. Upon leaving to get in my car, I once again felt a presence. And took another shot. I held the camera steady but did not look with my eyes. No idea why, but didn’t that time. I got in my car and raced home. - end. 
Note: This took place near the hospital where helicopters go arrive/depart often. I was right next door to the hospital and see them all the time. So I know they were not helicopters. They were not aircraft either as I see flights come in and out of the airport daily and nightly. This was nothing like that. 
It seemed like there were two different kinds of objects. One that was interested in me. And the others were interested in both of us. 
I would really love some input to help me forgive out how to digest this. 

PS I increased the brightness on je photos a little. But would be happy to submit raw copies as well.
