{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497741","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61598","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2449,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/741/mufon-5497741.json","updb_database_id":5497741}
{rjl} Bright light flash from over our heads burned my friend

As stated to ASD by phone today - witness would not file report himself and wishes to remain anonymous. 

"I was sitting on my back deck one evening at about 1:00 - 2:00 a.m. during the first week of August, 2014. My friend had just gotten out of the Navy and we were visiting. The sky was clear and it was dark outside. Suddenly, a bright flash of light, kind of like a flash from a camera, flashed on us from above for about three to four seconds. It was a fast pulsing light that was blinding and covered an area of the deck around us in a five to six foot diameter circle. There was no sound. We immediately jumped up and looked overhead and all around the yard and house but could find nothing. There was some heat from the light and my friend said that his head was hot. He shaves his head and I don't. The next day, he came over and he had a burn mark the size of a penny on the back of his head, which he believes was caused by the light. We asked another friend of ours who is in the military and works with drones if it could have been a drone, but he said that absolutely not because drones do make a sound and for it to be close enough to flash a light like that it would have had to been heard as well. We are both a little freaked out by this and just want to know if anything like this has happened to anyone else. I don't know where the light came from or what it wanted, but it was so strange that I'd have to put it in the UFO category. I've never seen a UFO or anything strange before in my entire life and didn't believe in that stuff. I didn't know where to report this until I just saw the Hangar 1 show and they were talking about the Blue Springs Lights so I thought I'd call in to let you know about this." 

Note: The witnesses are both males in their late 20's.
