{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-02 17:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290741","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112598","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2459,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/741/mufon-5290741.json","updb_database_id":5290741}
Aerial siting, with slow movement, slowing then course change and extreme acceleration

I stepped off my front porch at just past sunset on crystal clear night (Wednesday evening). First stars were visible before soon to rise near full moon. Looking northward up the draw that is my neighbors hunting land and cabin ( his land is probably 200 or so feet higher elevation than mine. I'm in Kickapoo River basin and his is ridgetop land) I see appear over treeline what I thought to be a very bright near earth satellite. It caught my attention right away as I've seen many satellites but this was exceptionally large and bright. It was moving NNW towards SE right across my unobstructed field of vision. I watched this flight for maybe 15 or 20 seconds as it was coming in my direction and then I thought it was slowing down!! And then a slight turn of trajectory........and it accelerated away to disappeared in the east. I have never seen speed like that anywhere....nothing comes close. The entire sighting lasted maybe 30 seconds. I sincerely hope someone else saw this but this is very rural area. I don't know how high this was but it traversed across valley toward Richland center. I know exact time as I was texting with old roommate from college at time and have time stamp and immediate conversation telling him what I witnessed. This flew away at a startling speed. I never took my eyes off this and now I can't stop thinking about what I saw. I've been debating making this report for 4 days for obvious reasons. I realized I had to relay this sighting. I cannot unsee what I saw. This was real and I now have no doubt they are here whoever or whatever they may be.. In a way, I wished I hadn't seen this as it has changed me forever. Always wished for something like this but was thinking more on the line of lottery numbers! I KNOW WHAT I SAW!!!!!
