{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-17 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489063","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70571","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2836,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/063/mufon-5489063.json","updb_database_id":5489063}
{cak} multiple ufo's

I had just gotten out of work and for some bizarre reason said out loud "that's a plane" while walking to my car in the parking lot. I pulled out of my spot and turned around. I stopped to watch the plane for a minute but it wasn't going anywhere. The yellow light was blinking or pulsating and it seemed to be hovering, darting around back and forth and up and down slightly like a bug on water. I had seen this time of fluttering before and nobody ever takes the time to observe it with me. Then I feel this odd sensation come over and hear the most peculiar sound, followed by a buzzing, ringing, indescribable sound. It was as if a book slammed and I felt very faint and the hairs on my arm were standing up. It was fear, but very hard to explain. There are people around me in the parking lot and I decide to begin driving home. During my drive I followed the busy street heading to my house but as I turned on the dimly lit back roads I started hearing the humming again. Over the tree lines I saw around 3 very bright yellowish orbs, and one even appeared to be THROUGH the trees darting around..

I was panicked, and speeding, still hearing the noise and feeling very peculiar, foggy. Right before I turned onto my street there is a small corn field which was recently cut and that's when I saw a sphere like disc with 4 visible yellow lights on the craft. It appeared so very close and it went directly over my car. I nearly called the police, but what would they do. I turned onto my street and ran into my house breathing fast, heart pounding and tears in my eyes because I never experienced that kind of fear. I went my whole life hoping to see a UFO and then I believe it actually happened to me and the feeling that the whole experience gave me was a strong fearful reaction. I wish I could have handled it differently, maybe even stopped my car on the last road to get out and look at the craft but all I wanted was to be in the protection of my own home. I felt very groggy following the incident and noticed I wasn't seeing clearly and felt a bit like my reality was warped. Everything seemed delayed? I know that's not a very good description, and doesn't prove anything but I felt I had to share. Thank you.
