{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504063","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54841","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2754,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/063/mufon-5504063.json","updb_database_id":5504063}
{rjl} My friend and I witnesses four illuminated , large and mostly stationary Spheres that seemed to be observing heavy chem trails in the sky.

I brought my friend along with me on a business trip to a route that included Redding, Mt. Shasta , and Weaverville, heading home through the Chico area. 

On 3/19/14 we started our day in Mt. Shasta , heading to Weaverville after my first appointment. As we were leaving around 9:30am we both noticed the beginning of heavy Chem Trail Spraying in the bright blue sky. As the day proceeded and we advanced to Redding then onto Weaverville , the Chem trail spraying continued heavily. This became the theme of the day, unfortunately , as we both we taken aback by the amount of spraying in the sky as well as the head aches that followed. 

On our way home...

As I was driving , my friend shouted out that there was something in the sky. I pulled the car over when I had the chance and also saw 3 large sphere-like objects that were white that seemed to be observing the chem trails , sort of surrounding one of them. The observatio of these spheres that turned into 4 total lasted for 2 hours time- until we drove away from them on our way home. 

To be perfectly clear- these Spheres were mostly suspended and fixed in one point each in the sky ... This sighting happened around 5pm-7pm while it was still very light out. 

At one point , when I was watching, they changed color slightly into a pink then blue- but mostly were and illuminated white. 

They were also seemingly very large although they also seemed to be far away, also at one point they seemed to rotate or do something that made it look like they changed shape, sort of getting skinny, then going back to normal. 

My personal beleife is that these objects were UFO s and that it had something to do with the heavy chem trails that day. One thing to mention as well is that I don't think many people observed these spheres because you had to look up at the sky, and most people were busy with driving or doing earth bound things... I think that there are more UFO s that go unnoticed because most people don't look up..they are too busy.m
