{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-11 18:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506063","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52757","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3672,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/063/mufon-5506063.json","updb_database_id":5506063}
{rjl} Watched a hovering light, over the course of an hour it traveled about 20 miles across sky.

Had just gotten home, just after dark to my 4th floor apartment near the edge of downtown Los Angeles. It was around 6:30 pm, I looked out my window to the west, and noticed a fairly bright light, that was still in the sky. I often see helicopters in the sky at night here, always, in fact, but this light was not a helicopter. There was no blinking light on it whatsoever, and I watched it for a solid hour. I at first thought it was a hovering helicopter, but the length of time it was there, soundless proved that it was not,

I have a very low quality "Mustek" SD video camera, and shot about 15-20 minutes of horrible, low quality video, with sound, several shots of 1 to 4-5 minutes each, over the hour.

Significantly, I saw the light at about the same time, on the next evening, last night 12/12/13. I shot another couple minutes of video, but did not follow the light, I got distracted and did not check on it.

At any rate, after watching the light for about fifteen minutes, it began to move farther west and south. I do not know if there were any winds aloft, but it moved about 20 miles over an hour, fairly fast, and I lost it on the horizon somewhere over I would say near Venice.

It was hovering lower than the flight of the police helicopters flying by, they all looked to be higher than this disembodied light. I have binoculars, and no matter how carefully I focused upon it, never saw any shape around the light, but the light itself was seemingly oval shaped, it had the appearance of an electric light, it twinkled on the crappy video, but it did not waver in person. In the course of the cuts in the video, it got progressively farther away and smaller.

My reporting this incident is actually an inquiry about any further sightings, to co-relate what I saw. The pathway of this light was by my estimation, from the time I observed it from the Mid-Wilshire neighborhood, and south and west of there to the beach, a very densely populated area. I saw it again last night, still in about the exact same spot as the night before.
