{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497063","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62309","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2386,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/063/mufon-5497063.json","updb_database_id":5497063}
{dr}my mom and I saw lights moving towards the west that were acting very weird

When I first saw the lights my mom and I were on the over pass coming back from the store.At first I just thought it was a really bright star, but when I saw it moving I thought it was a plane. It wasn't until a bunch of little lights started appearing around it that I thought it was strange enough to mention it to my mom. We ended up pulling over in a parking lot to watch it. We couldn't believe that no one else was pulling over to do the same. As we sat there watching it we saw that it would start out about the size of a baseball and then it would grow about to the size of a basketball, maybe even a little bigger. Then when it was at its biggest  it would stay that size and all these little smaller lights would appear around it one at a time. Then with the smaller lights still around it two lights would come out of the middle one and circle around it really fast then go back into the middle one. Then the little lights would disappear one by one until the middle one was left and then it would get smaller and smaller untill you couldn't see it. After that it would appear a little farther away to the west and repeat the actions that it did before until it got to far away to see it over the trees. My mom decided to take the back way home since it would take us the direction it had gone. We got to a spot where we had clear view of the west and it was really close to a tower near North view hill. When it got closer it started circling the tower and after it circled a few times it started moving towards Spri2ngfield. That's when mom decided to get home so that we could call my dad who was working in Springfield. But by the time we got hold of him and he went outside it was gone out of sight.
