{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-04 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483063","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76876","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2931,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/063/mufon-5483063.json","updb_database_id":5483063}
Not a UFO, that I know of anyways, but the weirdest most detailed cloud ever. Shaped with details just like an army helicopter. This thing was like 4 football fields in length.

I didn't know where to report this to Mufon but given the weird UFOs I have seen in the sky in the same area over Quebec and the odd contrails I see in the same area now to add to that are clouds with so many different looks that I had to report this one at least. I have never seen anything like this ever and hope not to again.

No I'm not crazy to report a cloud to Mufon. This wasn't your average 'gee that looks like a Bunny rabbit' kind of cloud or if you squint it looks like something familiar. This was a gigantic, took up 1/4 of the sky in front of me black/grey cloud cover that was in the shape of a perfect army helicopter. I mean this thing had dividers where the windows were, pontoons for landing, two antennas on the top of the copter/cloud plus a tail that looked like a giant fish tail. Yup I sound nuts alright, even to me, but this was just unbelievable. Of course I didn't have my camera which is going to tick me off til the day I die because this thing would make world news. You didn't have to look twice to see what it was formed like. I mean how can a cloud do that? It left nothing out as far as outlining a perfect, well almost, huge helicopter.

Since I have seen several UFOs in this area I have reported before I have been watching clouds and a couple of my sightings including a triangle ship was hiding in the clouds in the middle of the day. Others appeared in different form about 7:30pm in the evening ona summers night, clear skies. But one thing looks common, they hide behind the clouds, or try to. I have seen what looks like headlights in darker clouds some nights, they are always equal distance.between a pair and there are several pairs around. They fade away after awhile but look like headlights. I mention all this because obviously clouds and UFOs go hand in hand, especially in this area.

I have no idea what to make of this helicopter shaped cloud but something is up and I do believe it relates to UFOs. Coincidental a ginormous helicopter appears made of clouds? Commmmmmeeeeee on.

There wasn't anywhere else to report this and of course no reports in media about this. I mean it was stunning.
