{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-08-01 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486063","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73655","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2564,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/063/mufon-5486063.json","updb_database_id":5486063}
headin apx east up hinchey Ave with my mother

When I was apx 10 years old my mother and I left our home 3203 hinchey Ave new waterford nova Scotia for a walk heading east. It was warm outside it was night time apx 9pm. We had just stepped on to the sidewalk when intuition I guess made me look back over my shoulder apx 45 deg angle. For less then 1 second 1 saw a "mothership" I guess you would call it. It had 30 to 50 levels with windows. The windows coverings were opened differently on each window such as an apartment building would look at night. The window coverings were similar to airplane window coverings except there were 2 parts that should meet in the middle. 1 row of white lights near the top red and/ or Blue light (s) on top and bottom. The craft itself was dark metallic similar to lead. It appeared to be hovering over my neighbour's house but may have been much farther away. I saw this "mothership" for a split second I did a " double take" and it was gone. No sound no wind. I told my mother immediately after seeing it and she just nonchalantly laughed and said don't tell to many people dear. I am also an experiencer of abduction. ( the aliens rejected me whole other story) It happened apx 20 years ago I have always had ridicule when I decided to tell those close to me. My husband my sister my best friend I don't think anyone really believes me. Other than seeing this craft and being abducted which can be arguably me not remembering stuff properly (it's not) I also awoke to 10 to 20 circle indentations sized nickle to loonie apx 1 to 2 mm in depth in various parts of my body. I shoes them to my mother who took me to my aunt who is a nurse. She said she had never seen anything like this before they kept asking me if the indentations when painful or itchy but they were not, just a little numb to the touch. Even if these memories were somehow fabricated in my brain (they were not) the circle burn - like marks are physical.
