{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-01 08:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286063","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117341","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4378,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/063/mufon-5286063.json","updb_database_id":5286063}
4 nights in a row. They returned again. Falshing stars and a craft.

Sunday A.M. 8-1-21 ce5 again, really just concentrating on a myriad of subjects, mostly, being thankful, honored, thinking globally and locally how they can help us and our planet. Thoughts came up with my children, grandkids, their futures. I began to weep, and weep hard as I guess this crazy stuff is happening and I’m seeing it now as an interview, as a friend predicted. My heart felt touched so deeply by this honor and its magnitude and at the same time ripped apart by family matters. Deep sorry overtook me and I cried staring at the sky, knowing they see and hear me, pondering what they must make of my display. I remembered, and this happened twice now, they sent the word breathe, and "my friend" sent the word breathe once, so I do that and I instantly begin to calm. I was staring at the Eastern sky when a flash appeared. Again and again, it appeared, I had my binoculars in hands and got it closer up, and it danced about blinking over and over and was gone, disappeared. I call them Twinkle Bells". After some time, I see another satellite looking craft, same speed, straight line straight overhead, North to South. Immediately raised binoculars and found it to exact of what we had come visit the night before making these 4 nights in a row with a sighting. I watched it go overhead and then binocular view was obstructed by the rooftop and I could no longer see it. (Two story home). Told wife about it and went back outside. At 10:00 door opens and wife peeps out to say goodnight. Told her nothing new but thankful for what they have shared with us. She closes door, I resume scanning and notice a wide winged prop engine plane, green light one wing and red on the other approaching. I watched it come at an angle through my sky, straight line, diamond white flash to my right as I'm gazing this airplane, I slowly drop my binoculars to witness it by the naked eye when I notice it’s the same “satellite” that just flew through to my left traveling low to the ground on a south to north direction. I was looking at it broadside and it was cigar shaped? or the light emitted from it was, rectangular light, seemed like circle windows above that, orangish hue. No sooner than it appeared and I had determined I was looking at Alien beings/the craft, that flew down from the Stars to me on the 31st of July, and that air traffic was, 1. was in sight but 2. Headed straight for it. They were on a collision course, at the same altitude or close. The Airplane was a wide winged prop plane probably out of Napa airport headed from northwest to southeast, the craft sped up leaving a flash trail of brilliant white light, frozen in time, floating there slowly dissipating. It disappeared with a Nike swoosh type pattern, directly into the heart of said triangular formation start system. What an amazing sighting. (Another streak left in the sky to dissipate over a 2 second period and the streak was formed from low to high)! The plane kept on course as if nothing happened. There is no way that plane did not see that the bright white diamond light nor miss it as it streaked into nothing and disappeared into triangular star formation/constellation. (I'll add a picture of that formation). Ran in, told my wife. I saw nothing else the remainder of the evening but I got to talk a lot to them, sharing my hopes for the world, my family and what I could do for them 😊
