{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-26 19:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521063","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35326","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5677,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/063/mufon-5521063.json","updb_database_id":5521063}
With GoPro helmet cam mounted to my helmet, I steadily filmed intelligent orbs that communicated with me over the water while I was on a deck at night.. Amazing Footage!

Original, unedited video: [Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]

The day after Christmas I got in a huge fight with my mom and took off in 27 degree weather, riding like a maniac on my street bike. I went to my friends house and he wasnt there, so instead I went for another ride. 

I got a crazy idea to go to the reservoir and check out the stars that were so bright. When I pulled into the lot, I realized there was a brown (trail) sign there and decided to go offroading with my street bike because I was so mad that I didn't care! I ended up deep in the woods at a deck that overlooks the reservoir! Orions belt was so bright that I thought it would come out on camera... 

While looking at it, I was thinking about my poor little brother whos fighting cancer. Then I saw what I thought was an airplane coming towards me, but it was getting brighter and brighter... It disappeared then reappeared, but it was moving side to side also! Thats when I got down on my knees and mounted my elbows onto the railing to support my helmet and get the camera very steady. The footage shows something amazing!

It is so much more interesting to watch on my computer frame-by-frame. For youtube, I edited it to make sense of the sighting for a general audience. UFOlogists believe it without a doubt, but to show that its not fake in any way, I did a lot of work to give more perspective...

I composited a still image from that exact point during day time and left it 10% transparent in the background so you can understand movement better without taking away from the view I saw. I also added 20% contrast to make the objects a tiny bit more clear/bright in the all black background (to show it how I saw it). At the time, I didn't realize that doing this also hides the hundreds of surrounding orbs that are also blinking. Its not bad, though, because what I saw clearest was that one airplane-looking amber light that came towards me. Also, I didn't visually see them appear in front of me when I yelled to them; I only saw blinks in the distance and could feel their presence!

Ive watched many UFO videos on youtube. Many are real. The debunkers like to use effects to add perspective to whats going on. I experimented with a different effect called "echo," which makes a trail of the same object. If youre interested in my video analysis, PLEASE WATCH- [Link moved to FI section/cms/tg] 

The first thing I did to report this sighting was writing the editor of Mufon: Clifford Clift, who told me my sighting "could not be analyzed" because it is not "original." For this report, I went back to the video and deleted all slowmos and perspective attempts. I also removed the 10% contrast adjustment, which reveals hundreds of surrounding orbs. They are tough to see, but if you look at your screen from an angle, they will be easily distinguished. Now this video should absolutely able to be analyzed by the ufo professionals. Nothing done to it other than cuts to save time and sound decibel lowering to save your ears!

My last email to Clifford explained why I think this video is so important and how I want people to see it on a huge scale, but he ignored me. I think its important for people to see the difference between UFOs as objects and UFOs as entities/spiritual beings. 

I think this video proves their extra-dimensional existence and that they are trying to communicate with us. This event changed my life and the way I think about life as a whole. Its made me realize that life exists beyond life and perhaps how we live our lives is reflected by our souls and not our minds. It has taught me how powerful the mind is and that awareness plays a major role in how you perceive the world around you. 

I am not religious, but I must state what I was doing at the time. I was thinking about my little brother, whos fighting cancer. About 3 weeks prior to this event I was also staring at an open sky, thinking of him when a big bright green and red light fell from the sky at mach speed...but I didn't get that on camera and that was very far away.

This experience opened my mind further than its already been. During the experience, I felt the understanding that life is about how you deal with it; not how you live it. Negative thoughts only create negative emotions. Stay positive with a clear mind and you can overcome anything. That is the mindset I have now. I no longer hope, but I believe in positivity for every circumstance. I will no longer live in fear. I know my brother will be fine. I will try not to think, "what if?" about something beyond my control.

Again, please watch the youtube analysis and leave a comment/opinion. I am eager to see what others think as this is my first time actually filming something I saw in the sky! [Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]
