{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-01 21:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495063","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64392","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3877,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/063/mufon-5495063.json","updb_database_id":5495063}
This look like the same I reported 2 days ago reddish orange but hovering slowly.

Ok I know I already reported one already, and it could've been nothing, but I felt I had to report this one again. This time it happened in my hometown and it looked like the same lights that we saw when travelling home from Thunder Bay, but this time it was lower, and moved slower, and it travelled above me going north. I didn't notice it right away when it was over me. There was this guy yelling down the street about 400 yards from me "to look up there was something above" but I didn't pay attention to him I just thought he was randomly yelling around. Until I got closer to him and he said "look up look at that light, how can u not see it was right above u" by this time the object was about maybe 100 yards from me travelling North. I tried to record it, and I got a little bit. And my cell was messing up it wouldn't focus on it, and once I thought I got it fixed, I tried to get a better and closer video but when I made it inside to view it the other two videos were blue/ black static, but the sound was on. This orange reddish light looked like a glowing ball of gas or something travelling in like a zig zag motion like it was bobbing, but the other object I seen two weeks ago was travelling in speeds that were unreal, now this object was the same but it was lower and slower, there wasn't any noise. I watched this thing fly away for about 10 minutes our community is only 1 square mile, and it took like 5 minutes till I couldn't see it anymore cause of trees... We are a remote community and there are no planes or helicopters are any objects that can create this. Even for the object I saw 2 weeks ago the highway we were travelling is deserted. And I don't think any drones would wanted to fly over at a low altitude for any reason. Ok so I wasnt going to report this incident, if it wasn't for the feeling that I felt afterwards. My head was buzzing and when I would touch it a buzzy feeling radiated throughout like my hair. And I woke up this morning with a huge migraine and I'm not one to get bad headaches, and it's been pulsating all day and still, I tried to take tylenol with codeine but it hasn't helped. Ok I just want to metion something, I am not one to pay attention to UFO's and what not and I would rationalize everything. But seeing the same craft in a two week span and seeing it the second time where I live and it flying low, above me, and at a slow speed, and then feelings my head tingle like that afterwards, and now the huge migraine I have really freaks me out. I didn't want to report this again a buty friend encouraged me to even post the video... Ok u can hardly see the light but I will explain where it is then after you'll be able to locate it in the video. Thank u for overlooking my report, it may seem like nothing to a lot of people, but I'm starting to believe this stuff. And just thought I should share.

You will be able to locate it once the lights from the house appear, and look up to the left you should be able to see it, like I said my camera couldn't catch it although I was practically right under it.
