{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495662","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63770","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4575,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/662/mufon-5495662.json","updb_database_id":5495662}
{dr}watched UFO hover above me while I was in the yard and then missed some time because the next thing I knew I was on my stairs

I had recently started chemotherapy and although I have two dogs I really didn't have the stregnth to take both out side at once so I would take them out to their kennel to use the bathroom one at a time. It was about 7pm and I was going to walk one of my dogs to his kennel to go to the bathroom. It was super cloudy-very low clouds. Couldn't see a single star because the clouds were so fluffy and low. As I left my front door I was walking across my yard and was looking around because I was amazed at how low the clouds were. I happened to notice a light through the clouds but I live within a few miles of an airport - didn't think much about it. I let my dog off his leash and put him in the kennel and locked the door and stood there waiting like I usually do. On a clear night you can see all the stars and airplanes and sometimes satellites. I looked up again and saw something coming my way through the clouds and by the time I realized what I was looking at it was coming through the clouds coming over the house across the street. It seemed to be a straiht line from the first point from where I saw it. Once it got over the house across the street I kept watching. The first thing I thought was it was moving backwards-the wide part was heading toward me - it was shaped like a triangle so to me aerodynamically it should move forward point first. Next thing I thought of was how is it staying in the air - it was wider than the house across the street and it was moving so slow - incredibly slow - how can it stay in the air. There was no noise. None. Nothing that would tell you there was any type of engine - no wind, no sound - nothing. As it was slowly moving toward me I can see it had a circular recessed section in the bottom middle with 5 smaller circular lights inside the recessed circle. The lights were yellow - I can only describe them as a creamy butter yellow - I thought the color was actually pretty. They were steady. This whole time not a single car drove by and my dog didn't notice anything either! I wanted someone to see what I was seeing. It's funny I didn't feel excited, scared, nothing - I just watched this huge thing come toward me like it was nothing special. It finally came over me - the whole craft wasn't over me but the end of the craft had moved over me - this thing moved so slow. As I was looking directly up at it I kept feeling tired and I kept telling myself "don't close your eyes, don't close your eyes". I wanted to go to sleep. I must have gone to sleep because the next thing I knew I was standing on my steps to the house and had my dog on his leash. I watched the craft move over the top of the trees and at one point it just stopped. How did it not fall out of the sky - why didn't it make any noise? Again I was watching it - didn't feel scared didnt really feel anything. Then all of a sudden it went straight up through the clouds. No noise - nothing. I opened the door to my house and went inside, unleashed my dog and walked to the window looking outside. I had no feeling about what I saw - I was creepy calm when I think about it. Then I walked to the back of the house and I finally started thinking holy crap I just saw a UFO - a real UFO. So I looked out the window out the back of the house to see if I could see it again - of course I didn't but I started getting really excited. I called my son and told him and I drew a picture of it and sent it to him and he told me I should report it. NO WAY was I going to report it or tell anyone else - I mean if this was written by soneone else and I read it - First I wouldn't believe them and then I would absolutely think they are crazy. So all this time I only told my son, a year later my mom and daughter. Thats it. I know its years later but my son finally convinced me to report it. This is my story...as crazy as it sounds.
