{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-03 01:21:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483662","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76209","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2875,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/662/mufon-5483662.json","updb_database_id":5483662}
3 black triangular craft sighted whilst i was driving, craft then seemed to follow and move around me for at all altitudes for next the several kilometers.

About the 3rd April i had 3 of these triangle ufos shadowing me and moving around me while i was driving out to beachlands at 1am. At times they were only about 30meters from the ground. They moved like drones but were as large as small planes. I could clearly see one of them when it was following next to me only about 25m above me!!! Since this first sighting occured i told my friends and family about what i saw, they were skeptical at first understandably but in the past 3 weeks almost everyone i know has seen multiple upon multiple sightings of their own. Every single night of the week there are more and more of these triangle craft appearing in our skys over auckland. Even as i write this statment right now i am sitting on my balcony at my home which has an elevated veiw over the greater auckland region and i can can see at least 4 of these craft hovering and slowly moving at very low altitude of about 50ft - 80ft over my local area and surrounding suburbs. We have almost grown so accustom to them now that we do not even stop to take notice anymore. Honestly these triangles are not trying to hide, they are hovering in numbers of up to 3 - 4 at a time over our auckland motorways at 11pm at night in clear and plain site some nights. The concerning issue i have is that there is now hige numbers of them every single night, from what people are saying and what i have seen there is at least 15 - 20 triangles above the Auckland region each night without fail and more and more are joining them as each new night passes. 
I would swear under oath in front of a court of law that what i have stated here is the truth. I am worried for my family that is why i am writing to you.
Thank you. Brad Mccartney.
