{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-05-30 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546662","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"21412","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3632,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/662/mufon-5546662.json","updb_database_id":5546662}
disk w/ flashing amber lights, passing overhead

It was May 30, 2008, when my wife and I were driving back home after eating at a restaurant downtown. We were on I-10 eastbound, driving 
70-ish, in abnormally non-existent traffic for a Friday night. When we were a couple of miles past the Davis Hgwy interchange, I noticed a light twin airplane passing overhead and to my left, going south, low in altitude (200-300 ft) presumably for landing (as we could see landing lights and gear extended). This isn't unusual, the traffic patterns frequently pass over for that particular runway. But, a bright ring of 10 or more amber lights behind/beside the plane startled me, thinking someone just launched a ring-shaped fireworks display in dangerously close proximity to this landing plane. As the plane continued, apparently ignorant of these lights, the mystery lights seemed to shut off, and disappear rather quickly. I quickly asked my wife if she had seen these "fireworks," as she was in the front passenger seat of our jeep wrangler. She said she had not, but as I started to describe the lights as we continued down the road, they reappeared, as if they "turned on" with a switch, still to my left, above the trees, but at least 1000-2000ft from where I saw it last. It seemed as though whatever it was, it was moving at least 80+ mph, since it reappeared slightly ahead of us, and we were going E @ 70 mph. My wife saw it this time, and agreed it did look like fireworks (in shape and color), only to watch it disappear seconds later again, instantly. We were now a little confused, knowing it was not a plane, blimp, flares, or a mobile fireworks platform. As we continued east, and are struggling to say anything further, it reappears again, instantly, and it is now apparent that these lights must be fixed to a solid object, and are flashing at an interval of a couple seconds on (all of them), and then off simultaneously for a couple seconds. It was apparently tracking to the east-south-east, heading towards the bay and beyond. As the interstate curves to the north approaching Scenic hgwy, the object crossed over the lanes, and because of its altitude and direction, my wife thought it would hit the Ramada inn. It passed over though, still blinking its amber lights rhythmically, and we followed it on the off-ramp to scenic highway. When we got to the traffic light, my wife frantically pleaded that we go south on Scenic and follow it. I just sat and stared as it continued east-southeast over the bay, apparently unable to speak or drive, or follow my wife's instructions. She asked me several more times, and I instead turned North to go home. I don't know why I didn't follow it, I wished that I had, but something majorly psycological was computing in my brain, and refusing to accept what we knew we just saw. I had never seen a ufo before, but my life has not been the same since. I just wish they'd come back again.
