{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-11-22 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506662","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52095","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2846,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/662/mufon-5506662.json","updb_database_id":5506662}
{cak} altered the time clock in BMW as if time stood still for an hour or so hooverd then just left with an enormous amount of speed with no sound

I believe they show up more during the winter soltice. I seen it once since then i pay attention. I guess this event has explained to me what has happened to some of the missing persons on the old milk containers. The government wont be able to cover up these encounters for another hundred years because as technology gets increasingly advanced the connections will reveal themselves. I choose to stay quiet for almost a decade. Im a ex navy vet and i know what i saw im not stupid we are still not that advanced. The lights are described by thousands of reports the movement is consistant with what i saw one winter night and the sky was clear with the constellations clearly in view. I will never forget for the rest of my life. My encounter was outside of the city limits in a rural area in a southern state. Im from Brooklyn N.Y. and i think that one day soon we will get to experience these things up close and personal in a city environment once that happens the U.S. government and religions around the world will lose their shcemes to cover up the biggest lies ever told to the human population and they know it is coming so why wait just put the facts out there now and stop trying to make things look like there from some sci-fy movie perspective. When the pope acknowledged it then i realized that i was not crazy. These things have been known for a long time and it will just blow the Jesus,Mohammad, Budah stories out the window yet people can respect the truth if it is to correct the incorrect history but chaos will be in order if these beings just show up right at the doors of the super powers of earth. I myself for one believe in the tale of God but it has reshaped itself because of my encounter. My thoughts on this my encounter was simply oh @#$%. I seen many craft leave decks of air craft carriers and destroyers but nothing like that. I was not sleepy, had nothing to drink and got off work early from a Walmart Distribution plant off of hwy 280 going back toward smith station Alabama and Columbus Ga. Thanks for listening sorry i waited so long but i know my government well.
