{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-21 06:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485662","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74066","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2280,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/662/mufon-5485662.json","updb_database_id":5485662}
On way to work, many circles above me, on the left one moved fast, on the right one moved into fleet.

I was walking to work, it was quarter to seven in the morning and very dark, as i was walking down the side of the railway, i became a little scared and started looking behind me and walked faster to get to the street that was more lit up, as i turned into the street, i looked up for some reason, i don't know why and they were all up there. I knew exactly what I was looking at. I was stunned, i felt like I had just won the lottery, then scared, i felt happy then I felt I wanted to cry, loads of different emotions but at the same time still in shock, very difficult to explain. The sky was clear and a large fleet of circles, no noise, looked like they had individual clouds under them. They were moving slowly ahead. One moved away from the formation on the left really quickly and another came in from the right, to join the formation. I looked for clouds, birds, planes it was not any of those things. I know exactly what I saw and iv never been the same, the strange thing is, it never entered my head to get my phone and take a photo which is just not like me, I was just so shocked that i knew what was above me. Then I became aware that i was walking in the middle of the road thinking I was going to be late for work. I never saw them dissappear, i dont remember what happened to them only that i was just walking to work in shock. Iv never been able to walk down that road at that time since. I have seen many things in the sky over the years that cannot be explained but this i know for fact were a fleet of what people call crafts from another planet and i cannot stop thinking about it
