{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-06 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491662","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67899","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2529,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/662/mufon-5491662.json","updb_database_id":5491662}
{dr}Appeared in the eastern sky out of nowhere, it looks like a red aurora borealis. The initial glow disappeared and there was bright red lights moving in my direction. It hoverd, then started moving north. Appearrance changed to fuzzy dim red orb

It was approximately 10:10 P.m. July 6, 2015. I let the dog out to use the bathroom and was sitting on the back porch looking east when a red electrical looking light similar to the aurora borealis, but circular in appearrance appeared from out of nowhere in the sky. My first impression was that it was fireworks due to the time of year. After about six or seven seconds the red hazy electrical glow disappeared, and bright red lights came into focus. There were three bright red lights that appeared to run down the length of the outer edges of the craft, which was triangular in shape. Although I could see the lights, they appeared to be going in and out of focus. The lights started moving slowly toward my direction. I opened the back door and was yelling for my wife to come look. My adrenaline was through the roof. As I turned back around the the craft stopped and hovered for a few seconds, and then slowly started moving in a northerly direction. As soon as it started to move north the appearance changed to a fuzzy red orb and slowly moved across the sky until it disappeared behind the tree line. As soon as it disappeared, I ran inside and turned on the TV thinking that other people would have seen it. As of now I have not talked to or heard of anybody else seeing this sighting. I thought this to be unusual, because in my 51 years on this earth, I have never seen anything that compared to what I saw that night. I get goosebumps and my adrenaline starts to flow every time I think about it. The most disappointing thing is that I do not have any proof or film footage. All I know for sure is that it was real, and nobody could convince me that that craft was from this earth.
