{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-10 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451662","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109984","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2354,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/662/mufon-5451662.json","updb_database_id":5451662}
I witnessed a black triangle craft cruising low and slow over me.

After grabbing my car keys and heading out the door of my dads house in Newberg, OR, around 6pm, in the summer of 2010, I immediately noticed but didn’t react to the complete silence in our normally noisy neighborhood. I stepped out from the front porch heading to my car a few feet away when I had the sudden urge to look up above me. I froze in amazement as I saw a large matte black triangle craft silently and slowly gliding almost directly above me about 7-8 stories up. It’s was close enough and day light enough for me to see the panels all along the underside and one small red light towards the back. There wasn’t much more detail to it and I didn’t see any windows, cables, antennas, exhaust, heat, mist, fog, or any propulsion of any kind or occupants if there were any. It continued to slowly cruise towards the East and over our neighbors house directly across from my dads house when I lost sight about 30 seconds after first noticing it. The thought of pulling out and fumbling with my cheap flip phone crossed my mind but I felt there wasn’t enough time and not to mention the most likely terrible quality of the photo made me decide against it. I just wanted to keep eyes on it as long as I could. I noticed how I wasn’t feeling much emotion and felt more numb mentally during the whole encounter. After it was gone I just continued on with my errands and didn’t seem to care much about the craft. I felt like it was aware of me and had some sort or connection with me. Unfortunately no one was around where people usually are that I noticed, nor were their any cars driving on the busy street 30 feet away. All of it was strange but I’ll never forget this experience.
