{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-03 22:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285662","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117739","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3078,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/662/mufon-5285662.json","updb_database_id":5285662}
Spinning UFO ejected red orb

I saw a light sparkle in the distance above the treeline, NW of Missoula, MT. It was 10 pm and I went out for a smoke. I watched it and it was spinning so fast , looked like little shooting stars, then faded for a while but then these little points of light were appearing off and on, I could tell it was spinning because the lights were going sideways. After watching for about one minute, a BRIGHT RED ORB was ejected and flew around for about one-second. It did a loop- de loop, looked like a laser pointer on a wall and went back into the object. When I saw that I went into panic-mode and got very agitated, I have never seen an orb before but i am familiar with them. This is the first time I've seen a UFO since I was 12 in the San Juan islands in WA. Ever since then I have been watching the skies but only have seen a couple of weird points of light and nothing actually hovering like that, also I have seen enough satellites and the Star Link lights so when I saw this last night, I knew it was a UFO and was shocked, it's been exactly 40 years since my sighting when I was a kid. The one I saw back then was closer and clearer and was all different colors, like the "Close Encounters" UFO and I saw it shoot off into space. The one I saw last night was not all different colors like that. Instead it was giving off orange, yellow, white and whitish blue points of light. I went inside to get my binoculars and camera but it stayed faded out for a while. It was too far away, as I tried to take pics and film it. I could see it pretty good with my binoculars though. After that I was glued to it for about two hours but only saw some sparkling and every once in a while, a group of points of light flashing on and off. I wanted to see the red orb again but no, so finally I had to go inside and to sleep. Looking at the spot where I saw it above the treeline during the day, there is nothing there. Just blue sky. No light polls, no hills in the distance, no fires that direction, so I know it was just sitting there hovering. I hope to see more reports on this. I have always been into UFO movies, tv, documentaries etc... and have been listening to Coast to Coast since the mid 90's too. I feel extremely lucky to have seen this last night, the red orb was fantastic!  I did manage to capture a video of it but you can barely see it, just looks like a point of light on and off, that's why I'm not submitting it. It's too far away and too small.
