{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-05-01 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287662","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115714","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2644,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/662/mufon-5287662.json","updb_database_id":5287662}
Cape Fear River sighting.

I first want to say, I have always thought life elsewhere in the cosmos was possible. However I didn't necessarily believe in UFOs or thought they were already here until a few weeks ago. When all this Pentagon UFO stuff came on the news, I fell down the rabbit hole. I must admit before this I always thought about something quick, and unexplainable I saw with my own eyes. A few years ago my best friend and I were catfishing at the Cape Fear River in North Carolina. We had our poles in the water and we're both leaned back in our chairs, talking for a half hour at least. It was a clear night, you could see every star in the sky, beautiful. I kept noticing, one star seemed much brighter than the rest. I thought it must have been a planet. In the middle of our conversation, the bright star immediately went from being stationary, to zipping off in a curved like direction. Almost like a U shape, only more curved. It was like someone holding a Lazer pointer, and moving there hand quickly. It was in the blink of an eye, less than a second. No trail behind it, nothing, just zipped off gone. It was nothing like a straight line, so I know it wasn't a meteor. I got quiet and immediately tried to rationalize it in my head. Thinking my eyes must be messing with me. After a moment of silence, my best friend ask.. "Dude did you just fuckin see that?"..
The hair on my arms stood up as he described exactly what I witnessed. There was a strange feeling in the air, we talked about it for a moment and never brought it up. I hadn't thought about this for years until now. I texted him just a couple days ago, asking him about it. He surprisingly told me, not only does he think about that all the time. He also saw 3 lights years later, come down simultaneously and shoot off one after another. This light we saw was stationary for 30 minutes or so keep in mind. I know nothing takes off that fast and vanishes without a trace, something is going on and I want the government to come clean with it. 
Thank you
