{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-07-21 01:09:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530662","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24811","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4238,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/662/mufon-5530662.json","updb_database_id":5530662}
Bright light in valley over Ranier bright enough to make shadow. Blue light flashes out toward mt then reappears 3 hrs later floating over our heads.

7 Miles as the crow flies across a valley from Mr Ranier there is a place called Sun Top. It is probably 4-6 thousand feet in altitude. 3/4 of the way up Sun top there is a campsite that is on a ledge and looks out over the Huckleberry creek river valley which flows south from Ranier. You get a fantastic view of the valley, the mountain and the night sky.

1 oclock Pacific time (approximately) My wife Becky and I had our backs to the valley and the mountain when suddenly there was a bright flash out in the valley ..maybe a quartermile or so away from us. This light was so bright that even being that far away it created shadows of us on the foothill next to Suntop. When the flash happened both our backs were to the flash and I turned left to see what it was and saw nothing but Becky turned right and saw a bright blue light burst out of the bright white light and zoom ...really zoomed toward mount Ranier. After that we were definately watching the sky as there was little or no moon and everything is big and bright up there. Now on Suntop there is a 4 thousand foot hill across a little hollow across from Suntop this is too the north of Suntop I was looking East and coming around Suntop was these weird lights. They were like a grid on 4 squares of lights right under these was another row of lights. Rectangle lights four retangled white bright light ..brighter more white light two on top and two rectangle lights right under the other white lights the middle two lights were red and the end two were green. Mind you the bright white light there was four the others there was only two. I remember saying as it was ..drifting/floating directly above us that I could not hear anything I cant hear anything. The lights in the front were so bright even though it was only maybe a hundred yards right above us I coulnd not see how big or the shape.. just two bright. At that point it was right above our heads and still we heard nothing. Suddenly a light came on and pointed straight up into the sky and as we were watching it the light suddenly turned down towards us and bathed us in the beam. It did not point down and find us it came right on us ..not to the right or the left of us but right straight on us. Lol, at this point we had no idea what to do so silly us just waved at it. I am not sure how long we were in the light it only seems a few seconds but then it started to drift away out toward the huckleberry creek river valley (where the flash at the beginning of all this happened and started this whole thing. Still hearing nothing watching the ...ship??? float/drift back to the spot of original entry it turned toward the mountain and we could see red lights shaping a red trialgle on the top of it. This point it looked like an arrow head and we thought it was coming back for us. It then flashed blue and for lack of a better term warped towards Mount Ranier and was gone. Faster than anything I mean it was GONE. 10-15 seconds after the UFO flash out towards mount Ranier we final heard a noise like a sonic boom but not quite as loud and earthshaking.

The only thing else was we did check and there was no scheduled flights over Suntop but no the less it was definately nothing I have ever seen before of since but it has definately change my outlook on things. 

Sorry the only proof I have of this is my wife was with me and after 7 or so years she will still tell you the exact same thing.

Thanks that is my story

*(Wit's name deleted--SGonzalez/CMS.
