{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-06-28 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489548","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70063","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2597,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/548/mufon-5489548.json","updb_database_id":5489548}
{dr}My sister and I spotted a hovering ufo. After a few minutes it went straight up and was gone

I was around 10 years old in my hometown. It was around 6pm and I was in our driveway with my sister, uncle, and mom. It was a clear, cloudless day with calm winds, a typical Laredo day. I was hoping the neighborhood kids would trickle out onto the street for kickball soon. My mom was talking with the neighbor to the north of us, both leaning against the chain link fence. It got quiet suddenly. No one talked anymore. No one moved either. I look up in the sky to the south east for some unknown reason. I see a shiny ufo less than half a mile away, about four stories (?) up in the air. It's a shiny seed-shaped metal object. I don't see any rivets or moving parts or doors or windows. It looks silver but with a slight gold tinge to it. I knew it was a spaceship. I point it out to my sister. She becomes anxious (she's always been a very nervous person) and tries to alert my uncle, who happens to be a few feet away from us, much closer than my mom. He does not respond. I yell to my mom and she doesn't respond. My sister's continued pleas are finally met by a few small grunts and a slight head motion from my uncle. He still won't respond properly. I tell my sister that we should keep our eyes on it and be ready to run since our family members are hypnotized or whatever. I don't feel scared. I'm just trying to be prepared for anything since I have to look out for my little sister. We stare at it. It continues to hover and rotates slightly. After a few minutes, it starts to ascend at a slow but steady speed. It goes straight up and vanishes in the upper atmosphere. Once it's gone, I start hearing my mother start talking again. I turn to see them responsive again. The adults go back to normal and don't recall anything unusual. My sister looks at me with confusion and starts to get nervous again. I try to comfort her and tell her it's okay because it's over. I hug her and she starts to calm down.
