{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-15 17:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485548","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74182","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6745,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/548/mufon-5485548.json","updb_database_id":5485548}
{jpg} was dring on i10 going to el paso and saw it

Hello I thought it long and hard so I decided to send those photos to you. I just don1t know what trouble if any I would get into. 

I was driving from New Mexico to el Paso taxes where I live on oct 15th 2015 from the corner of my eye I see a very shinny object from what it seem to be parked on the land on I10 when I slow down my truck it roused from the ground and slowly it stared to accelerate up. And in a blink of an eye it sent so fast just like bullet so far. 
I was lucky enough to take those photos... a few weeks after the incident. I have had very odd problem well don1t know if it1s a problem or what but for sure it was a scary issue I was fallowed from el paso on the 54 to Ruidoso new Mexico. When I went to visit my friend that lives other there a black car I guess they are the MID.
I didn1t put much attention until I got to my friends place. Where they follow me all the way up to the drive way and was just there me out of my car said (Yes who are you how can I help you) no one answered they were just there so my friend gets out his shoot gun and yell get the hell out of my property. 

It took then some time and them back up and left. 
A few weeks gone by on Nov I was in Walmart in the morning hours I get an alert on my phone... 
That someone was at my gate entrance I log on to my DVR and started to see who was there. I see from what they look like two persons at my gate I called my next door Neighbor and said her to see who there and then she was told me that no one was at my gate.
Then I said hold on to here and called my other Neighbor that lives in front of me cross the street. And told him that same thing can you check who's at my gate. He comes out side and looks nothing there I told him see I got a text alert and I see a black door and two persons looking at each other. Then he said really then he said hold on me check then he gets on his cam and see the same thing that Iam seeing... Then we waited wild he1s on the phone and I was at the Walmart parking lot glued to my phone watching those objects. The image of the live video starts to glitch like the old CCRTS cams aska different colors. When it come back on they were inside my property. At that point I was scared s**t less and mad all together. So I stayed at the parking lot with my Neighbor on the phone watching. 

I have 20 cam around the house and 2 PTZs inside my house. One in the living room and the other on the back room by the back door. I kept on the camera started to look like different colors and some the feed come back they were inside my house keep in mind there was no force entry the door was not open at all. Then I was like holy cow they are in mind house I said to my Neighbor told me should I call the police. I said and we tell then what I told him they would think we are NUTS... And it would be a bogus s report and I would get fine 1,000 dollars. From what I saw they started to go throw my stuff like my DVDS SD cards, my old cell phone that I took the original photo with that were on my living room walk in pairs so whatever one did the other did but they never went solo. Then my camera feed went offline. When I went home a few hours letter was thinking my plan over and over when I got to my house there was no war nothing my Neighbor was outside waiting for me. I waited at my Neighbor drive way for a few thinking to myself what should I do. Wait and watched like nothing happen. so when I was to my house open up the gate drove my truck to my drive way left it on just in case. I needed to get out of there fast. 

I walk to back of my house nothing door was not broken into like nothing happen... so I get back to the front of the house. I open to entry door main door. I said is there anyone here silences. I went to my DVR and to see the footage on when I went on there I notices that the data has been erased aka not readable at all. So then I went to my living room looking for anything out of placed. Went to my DVDs SD card phone data on then where gone not readable at all. My cell phone that I took those photos with was damaged where it would not turn on at all. 

Few weeks went by. At night on Dec 2015, at night I was awaken up by loud thumping banging on my front door. I turn on my tablet that had the live camera monitor and saw too entities on my front door. I have a flash light from the side inside of living room. I yelled who are you and what you want... they reasoned back to my can we come in we want to talk. I repeated back who are you and what you want... At that point I called my neighbor that lives next door to me. And she told me hold on I1ll be right there. 

When she coming walking to property she said that she show 2 men when they saw her they started to glitch out of there. And disappeared she went back yelling it1s the devil so on and the next day the priest come to my house and did a blessing...
I was asked how they look like well they look like white skin small lips black eyes small face/ head skinny no eye brows.

It took me a long time to talk to anyone about due that facts that been going around. And happen to me my first thought is who in the world would believe me at all... even then I don1t ask anyone to believe but didn1t want to be looked at talk about or even considered this eye is NUTS.
That1s why I kept to myself for some time. But now Iam kind of ready and really don1t care what others think or judge me. I know what I saw I guess I was there at the right place and the right time... so the good thing I have those photos back up oh network drives AKA the cloud. 

I even then don1t know what they capable of doing are. Would love to know more about then how to protect myself. Has anyone else seen then before what has happen these people...? I just hope I don1t get myself into issues even me talking about it more and more...
