{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-10 03:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495548","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63886","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2999,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/548/mufon-5495548.json","updb_database_id":5495548}
{nd} Saw a

I was with a friend who also wants to remain anonymous. She had seen this same object in the area on two occasions. I didn't believe her until Tuesday morning when we were leaving her home to go for items at 24 hr grocery store. She said there it is again. It was hovering over an apartment complex off of Custer road and the George Bush Tollroad. It descended into the complex. We made a u-turn to come around to get it on her iphone. It then popped up and hovered low over the train tracks for a matter of seconds then ascended again moving fast over to Canyon Creek Baptist Church/Canyon Creek Christian Academy where it hovered a few hundred feet in the air. She tried to get her phone to focus on it to get some video but her phone battery that was charged drained. We drove back around to the Church in time to see in descend at a much closer distance. It was kind of rocking in the air as it slowly moved out over an area of nice homes and duplexes. It then descended quickly. We saw a police car in the parking lot of a shopping centre across the street from the housing complex where it descended. We then drove down the street next to the church just in time to see a blue streak of light come down in the same area. We parked and got out and saw "It" at the closest point we had seen it yet. It arose from behind the nice area of houses or an alley and hovered for a few seconds before streaking off at an angle that was almost straight up. The "Object" was triangle shaped with no windows was black and grey similar to stealth jets. It was smaller than we first through maybe 15-18 feet wide and 25-30 feet long? The top angled up in sort of a flat pyramid dome with "Slats". There were no lights and it did not reflect any of the lights. It was rainy outside and very overcast. We had seen a small plane fly over earlier but it would have been to long for them to have seen it. Since my friend had seen this same object on several other occasions in this same area we were wondering if any other people have seen this object either? Does anyone know what it is or what it was doing? I am not ready to believe in "Aliens" yet and believe this is a secret government plane. She has a different opinion. Neither of us have filed a report like this before and hope MUFON will keep me anonymous because my father is well known in the area and a member of the canyon creek country club.
