{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-09-21 19:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473548","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86832","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7336,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/548/mufon-5473548.json","updb_database_id":5473548}
{rjl} I took pictures of a circle/disc shinny orb like object in sky, seminole fl looking norht ~5-10min. multiple observers

Location: Seminole Florida
Time: ~7:30pm

I was talking to the neighbor that is living north of us. he was working his car replacing his breaks. we were chatting for a while. he finished putting his breaks on the car and was lowering the jack, when the vehicle hit the ground I leaned over the hood of the vehicle and was kind of trying to wrap up our conversation when there was this weird moment where we both watched a regular airplane fly over. the airplane made a noise which got my attention.

that is when I saw the object. 

I said to the neighbor, you see that in the sky and I pointed. he was like yes. I then made a joke like is that planet x as I did not think he knew what I was talking about. at this point the object seemed like a circle like but a little no so perfect circle. it was really shinny and seemed to be reflecting the sun as the sun was setting.

I was like what is that. he said it might be a weather balloon.

I didnt think so, and remembered exactly where my camera was as I just got back from a trip. I ran back to the house and got the camera. when I got back outside I couldnt see it so I just started to take pictures of where I thought I saw it.

tried to take pictures of in relation to the ground. the object was north but as for as the degrees I am not sure. if one was really interested they can look at the pictures and get an exact I guess.

by the time I got the camera the object was not as bright and not as big. I could hardly see it and then i picked it up. I had a hard time zooming in on the object but got a few good pictures. 

the event only lasted a few minutes, I would say something like 3-10 minutes not sure. I do know that after we could no longer see it I asked the neighbor what time it was. he pulled up his phone and it was 7.33pm. if I were to guess we noticed it ~7.25pm

we kept talking. I know he is a little religious so I did not press on him to much. a few minutes later two helicopters came in from the south. I was telling him that I have heard stories about helicopters after ufo sightings but thought those were military and it was clear that first helicopter that came up form the south was small and not really a military helicopter that would hold any type of weight. the neighbor said they are looking for someone. of which it seemed like they were but it looked like they were looking for something on the ground not the air. 

the helicopter passed us and was heading somewhat north where we saw the object and then turned west towards the gulf of mexico where a second helicopter met up. the second helicopter had a light on it and by this time it was starting to get dark both of the helicopters then started to travel north in a strange none linear path. we live near the pinellas trail and I do not think the helicopters were searching or flying that trail as it is kind of straight. I would say that the helicopters were in between the trail and coast moving north in a non linear path.

I personally could not tell if the helicopters were related to the object in the sky. it did not seem like it but it did seem like they were looking for something. the timing was strange. the airplane that we saw earlier was a typical airplane like a 747 commercial plane that held tourists which is common in our skys here.

when everything die down, I checked the camera. the pictures that I zoomed in of which I attached convinced me that what I saw was either a weather balloon or something else. I am more leaning towards the something else.

later I started to zoom in on the pictures I took where I originally did not see the object and eventually found them.  

I have attached all of the pictures that I have taken in this event. I saved the originals of which are the numbered pictures.jpg and also made copies of the original where I marked with photoshop an arrow of where you can zoom in and see the object if one wants.

I personally do not think this object is from our planet but can not rule out the fact that it could look like a weather balloon under some conditions type of conditions but I do not think so.

I KNOW I SAW SOMETHING but what it is I do not. 
It was way to early to be a star in the sky in my opinion and the object only got darker and ended up going behind clouds I think. I know in the beginning it was very bright and shinny.I wish I had a picture of it the first time I saw it. 

I have filed a report with this website before on a object I saw but the investigator told me that it was most likely sirius as it was in that direction at the time I saw it back then. I had video of that even back then.

what I saw today I do not know but it was not sirius and I took pictures to prove it.
I do not know if it is man made or not but I saw something and I am not afraid to say that. 

I am college educated. I was not drunk or am i seeking any fame. Just a guy that saw something. I know there has been other much more exciting experiences and close encounters that are a better story then mine but today I saw something in the sky north of me and I was not the only one. 

lastly on the pictures I uploaded that have the file name [###marked with arrow.jpg] were done in a very old version of photoshop. I did this on copies of the original file of which I am also uploading. the original files are not altered and NO I did not photoshop this object into pictures, I have better things to do with my life then that these days, hell it has already taken me an hour to write this report and upload everything.

please review the pictures and you decide what it is for yourself.

regards,
Chris Termeer

PS... I also have a few more pictures if you want just email me where I can send them. the system only lets me upload 10 pictures. I have 14 pictures in total
