{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-09-30 07:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480548","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79507","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2968,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/548/mufon-5480548.json","updb_database_id":5480548}
Wrekin Hill Triangle UFO Shropshire UK

I was out walking the dogs at about 7:30am on the Wrekin and had stopped at the top for a rest and to take in the views, as the it was quite sunny and blue sky with cloud etc. I look in the directions of Lawley and then over to Ironbridge and I could make out a black shape moving slowly in the sky toward where the sun was from my line of site (circled in red in my image). I managed to get my mobile phone out to take a few snaps and you can see in the attached imaged that there is clearly a defined dark triangle shape. It was moving towards me and made no sound but having quickly checked on google on my phone, it didnt match any military aircraft or UAV drones. So straight away I thought this was a bit unusal and it was so slow it almost hanged in the sky. It also seems to change its shape slightly as it turend.

After approx 60 seconds or so it then seemed to move lower in the sky from my line of site and move to the North slightly as it dropped in height. I managed to get another image as it approached the top of the hill where I was located, and you can see in the attached image the trees which where to my left. It then stopped in mid air and after about another 20 seconds or so it just faded and then it was gone!.

No sound, no lights but about 5 mins after two Apache helicopters flew quite low over the top of the Wrekin, tunred to the West towards Shrewsbury and then made their way over to RAF Shawbury. Coincidence?

Really strange looking thing to see and having served in the RAF I know that this was no current operational aircraft or drone. I did think at first it might of benn the Taranis drone made by BAE Systems buit this was too big because the Taranis is the same size as a Hawk its like the Red Arrows have, and it has an engine whihc is quite noisy. This made no sound at all.

Feel free to report on this and use my details as I really would like to know what it is, I have only been living in Shropshire for 2 years but apparently it is a UFO hotspot etc?

You can contact me via email anytime today or tomorrow as I am flying at to Spain later this morning, where I work as teacher. 
[Email removed/cms/tg]
