{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-11 01:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483548","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76328","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3624,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/548/mufon-5483548.json","updb_database_id":5483548}
{cak} what looked like a big object playing cat and mouse with a smaller one or chasing it ? little one no lights the big one afterburners ??

THIS IS WHAT I POSTED TO MY FRIENDS THAT ASK ME TO DESCRIBE WHAT I SAW ON FB? 

figured YOU WOULD GET THE JUST OF IT ?

Ok , so after a few people asking here is the Poop ! Sorry that it is not more interesting ! No Probing occurred , and I would have Paid for it ! lol ! So.... I was Night Fishing floating on a pontoon in the middle of the Very Back Part of Canyon lake . No One else on the lake on a Tuesday Night . No lights or City lights and no Moon , no wind , Perfect star night ! I was literally on my back for hours looking up at the stars getting up occasionally to take reel in the catfish when the Bite alarm went off ! . I work graveyards right now so cant even think of sleeping till at least 5 in the AM. I saw five or six nice shooting stars , a few planes , three or four satellites .. the Usual ! THEN i saw what at first looked like a BIG satellite ! Not Cover the sky like in Independence day or anything just bigger than a satellite. Started to follow and notice it would veer right and left slightly ? Still no big deal right ? Never seen it but I mean who knows what its like up there ? Then the second one popped up in front of the first one slightly smaller but quicker . That is when it hit me that it was weird and not the usual thing you see every night !! So i woke up "P" to make sure i wasn't seeing things . Ok so now the two of us watched Two ( things ? ) moving across the sky sometimes fast then slow , one moved Quick and the other( the bigger one ) would follow it . Not in a straight path but would veer in the direction of the other . Then the smaller one slowed down not quite stopping but way slower the bigger one caught up to it for a few seconds , then the smaller one disappeared ?? A few seconds later it appeared again but this time further ahead and to the left of the one still there. The bigger one looked like ( i can only describe hit the afterburners ? ) for a few seconds . ( very bright behind it ! ) and followed the smaller one. At that point the smaller one made a direction change to the right and up ( what i am going to assume out AWAY from us ??? ) because if got smaller and smaller then diapered . "P" could not see the smaller one anymore and was asking me over and over where it went ? But the bigger one was even more visible because of what ever light or what ever was coming out of it , then like the smaller one got smaller and smaller NOT in the direction it was going originally then disappeared! NOTE- disclaimer !! lol ! Could it have been some government planes ? YES ! But the smaller one showed no signs of afterburners like the bigger one ? and im calling it afterburners for a lack of a better description ! Ok so that was it ? Do i believable in intelligent life other than Earth ? YES!! Do i think i saw Definite PROOF of it ? ......NO ..... I don't know what i saw but it was cool ! smile emoticon
