{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-23 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494548","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64920","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3263,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/548/mufon-5494548.json","updb_database_id":5494548}
{rjl} Large rectangular object with lights in front and rear flying low near the Potomac River, King George, VA, across Route 301

[address removed/cms/rjl]
At first glance I thought the lights might be from the wings of an unusually low-flying very large airplane, but I quickly realized that this was NOT an airplane. I watched the lights more intently trying to figure it out, and thought that maybe it was two planes flying in sync with each other. No, couldn't be that either, especially considering the positions of the lights and the fact that the lights on the front and the back remained perfectly equidistant from each other the entire time the object flew by. 

From my view this object seemed like a large rectangle. The shorter ends had white lights, three (or maybe more) across the front and at least two on the back with one red light blinking in the middle of the rear (between the white lights). The object seemed very large because of the diminishing perspective of the row of lights, which at first made it seem like it was tilted at an angle but then I realized it was actually a row of lights covering a long length (the way a long fence seems smaller and at an angle the farther away it is from the viewer).  The two rows of lights remained equidistant from each other the entire time the craft passed by. (It was definitely NOT two planes flying in sync with each other, which my rational mind was trying to make work as an explanation.) It floated very smoothly in a straight line from the right of my line of vision to my left.

It was dark in the area between the lights. Though I seemed to be able to see 1sky1 between the two rows of lights, I don1t remember actually being able to see stars.  It was like a large rectangular piece of glass floating by with lights at both ends. It seemed to be flying parallel to the Potomac River on the Virginia side (crossing Route 301), maybe heading toward northern Virginia or Washington, DC. Size? I wouldn1t be surprised if this thing was at least 100 meters by 300 meters or so.  

My reaction? "WHAT THE HELL IS THAT???" Awe and curiosity. I felt a little giddy and excited. I also felt some frustration that I didn't have anything with me that could take a photo and that I had no place safely pull over for a better view.

I kept expecting to hear a loud engine, but never heard anything at all. I even opened my car window because I felt like I SHOULD be able to hear it. But I heard nothing but my own car. About 3-5 minutes passed from the time I noticed it approach from the front right of my view until I couldn1t see it anymore on my left (trees in the way). 

VERY INTERESTING!
