{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-02-18 19:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549548","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"3268","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4493,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/548/mufon-5549548.json","updb_database_id":5549548}
[Description omitted by submitter/cms/tg/10.10.2012]

Sighting Report:  Clear sky, cool to cold, February 1952, Sioux
City Iowa.

Long cylindric object with hemispheric ends. No wings, tail,
engines, noise, no metal seams, no rivets, no windows. Noticed
when it was several miles away coming from the north along the
river bluffs. 

I was looking west and on the bluffs above riverside. First
noticed due to an intermittent annoying bright blue light
flashing on my right eye, right side. Looking to the north the
light quit and I didn t notice anything unusual. Looking to the
west the blue strobing, flashing, or glinting returned. I looked
down at the ground to see if anything was in the grass glinting
in the sunlight. Nothing. I then stared at the area where it
seemed to be coming from, finally I saw a very small circle with
the internal portion about the same color as the atmosphere, it
was very close to the bluffs. I watched as it approached getting
larger as it got closer. I could see it come past Mt Lucia in
Stone Park, it was still a circle.

Eventually it was close enough I could see it had a cylinder
shape rather than circular, it was now approximately over the
junction of Military Road and Riverside Blvd. My thought was it
may be a commercial airliner in trouble to be this low and close
to the hills, the Sioux city airport was to the south several
miles, beyond the Missouri river. As it got closer I braced
myself for the sound that was sure to be loud. As it went by
there was nothing. I was close enough that had there been rivets
and seams they would have easily been seen.

I was about 400 feet above the river basin, it was about 600
feet. In distance it was probably 1000 feet away (est), it was
about the size of a large airliner, moving about thirty miles an
hour. The last I saw it was when it passed over the Missouri
River towards the airport. Rather than diving down it just
lowered in a flat descent. The color was that of highly polished
bare steel.

Total time of the incident was probably twenty or so minutes.
Later by the next night up to 8000 people from the Riverside
area reported an aircraft crashing near the Missouri River. It
was reported by the tower that Gen Curtis Lemay s takeoff was
held while the runway cleared. I understand it was flying
approximately four feet off the ground as it cleared the
runway.

I have never reported this to anyone, have only told my wife and
children about it. I did not nor do I want any publicity. My
intent is to document and provide the information to someone
that can add it to the list of sightings. I had the opportunity
of witnessing this craft longer than any other person. 

In looking at coordinates and geomagnetic mapping techniques
instrumentation I find it would be similar to our remote
instrumentation of other terrain. 

I have searched and watched for any other sightings of similar
shaped object, so far I have seen none. I wanted to report this
before my memory fades, I am 67 years old, a retired electrical
engineer, and a Naval Aviation electronics tecnician and flight
crewman veteran (1956 - 1960 VAW 11). I have designed very
complex and sophisticated space science payloads for the Naval
Research Laboratory and the University of Groningen among
others. While an engineering student I worked at the U of Iowa
physics Research center headed by Dr James A. van Allen.

One other strange incident. Several years ago at 12:05 AM an
intense bright light (similar color to a standard flourescent
light) lit our bedroom brighter than daylight and lasting for
several seconds. Reports the next day had others reporting a
bright light traveling north to south over Tampa Bay waking
people on both sides of the bay (approximately 17 miles wide).

I would appreciate feedback on either of the incidents should you
have any.
