{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-25 21:44:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284548","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118870","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2483,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/548/mufon-5284548.json","updb_database_id":5284548}
Extremely large yellow orange orb

It had to been 2015 
Just got by my Mom, sister and brother. late summer, late night my brother and I went outside to catching up. As I smoked a Cigarette, my brother was just out. As we talk I noticed to my left, witch I thought, was the moon. As we talk, I noticed it was getting closer and it was moving. It looked like it was moving slow. Would like to say, we grow up west of Tomah, Wisconsin witch is between Fort McCoy(Army Base) and Volk Field(Air Force) so, we had our noises of Fighter jets, C130, BlackHawks and what every else took off from either or. I also spent 13 months on Fort McCoy attending the Challenge Academy and we would get positive spot reports on who can identify the helicopters. I was pretty good at age of 17 could of told you If it was a Blackhawk, Huey and Chinook. Years later....on that night it had absolutely No Noise, as it past in front of us 2 Fighter Jetson Each side, going going opposite ways as they banked and turned around they followed it until it got out of range of sight. First stop was it was a asteroid ir sizelook like Lambeau Field size Stadium but it was moving like if it was moving slow but fast enough where the fighter jets could get behind it. My heart dropped.... I really thought it was end of Days or invasion of some kind..
It had to been a week or two later heard somebody else talking about the same...(Wisconsin Dells)humongous ball fly through the air. when he seen it there were helicopters behind it. I know what I have seen that night. I didnt know this website existed or I wouldn't of come sooner about this. Since that night, I know now that there are things out there that we cant Explan and our Government cover up. I Know, what I seen. it bothered me since.
