{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1989-04-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5182406","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"1vc0ugh","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5182406,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Dog growling awoke witness to see hovering discGroup /Category 4

Animal Effect Cases

Case Directory
Plainfield, Indiana
April 5, 1989

Animal Behavior Feature:
One of the two witnesses was awakened by his dog growling. The witness
described the dog1s behavior as fearful. This witness described a
bright, silent disc hovering at an estimated altitude of 100-200 feet and
more than 500 feet away.

Joan Woodward, Animal Behavior Specialist:
At 3 am on a partly cloudy night, two independent witnesses on neighboring
farms reported a hovering disc with body lights. The female witness
was a homemaker and farmer with a high school education and no prior UFO
experience. She was awakened by a light, and she commented that she
was 1relieved to see them here finally11 She reported a disc hovering about
200 feet away and at an altitude of 100-200 feet. She then went back
to sleep.

The male witness, in his 601s, was a retired laborer with a high school
education and no prior UFO experience, was awakened by his dog and saw the
object as described above. He, too, went back to bed. He saw the light
a second time, and found himself in the living room, but there is no time
frame on these events.

Both described a bright disc with estimated diameter of 15 feet. The
female said the body of the disc was blue-white and bright as a security
light but much larger, with steady amber, blue, and white lights on the
bottom. The male also described 5-6 lights on the bottom but colors
were not given. Duration of the sighting is not given.

There was no sound or physiological effects. EM effects were not noted
during the sighting, but the female witness reported power and telephone
outages for the next 3 days. Cause and relationship to the sighting
is unknown. Both witnesses reported elation and memory lapse during
the sighting, and female witnesses did not remember the sighting until the
next night.

Source:
MUFON UFO DATABASE, Portion of Reports from the Files at MUFON Headquarters,
July 1999, Sequin TX, CD-ROM, Case Log #890708, by Norma J. Croda.
