{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1987-07-08 03:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527354","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28275","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3322,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/354/mufon-5527354.json","updb_database_id":5527354}
Black 300 foot disc over the tree line on my property near Macdona, TX

My brother-in-law and I were fishing for crappie on some land I lived on near Macdona, TX. It was about 3:45 AM in the morning when I noticed a very large circle of bright light running along the ground. David my brother-in-law notice at about the same time. He said what the devil is that? The light was a large circle of light, but did not have a shaft of light running down to it. It was roaming all over the ground around us at though it was searching for something. When we looked up at the trees about 75 feet away from us and across the dirty road leading to the property we was a huge disc shape craft. we could only see the shape of it at first with the night sky light by the moon. As I remember. Then the craft came over the top of us. It was close enough I stood on a dirt mound and touched it. It was cold to the touch and it was smooth and black in color. There were no lights that we could see coming from the craft. We did have out Coleman lantern with us and could see it above us. It blocked out the whole night sky. Nothing but the black bottom of the craft could be seen. When I touched it I got a feeling of a presents but not one of someone who was benevolent, but of someone that did not have our best interest in mind. I turned and looked and my brother-in-law seemed to be frozen in place in mid stride. I was not affected by the craft and I held out my hand to warn it to leave. When I did that I felt a energy flow from my hand toward the craft. It seem to be pushed back by the energy flowing from my hand. It felt very odd to say the least. About the same time a voice came out of me like the sound of thunder. It told the craft to leave and leave now. I do not know where the voice came form and I have not heard it since this sighting. The craft went straight up into the night sky when no sound what so ever and disappeared without a trace. When I looked over had my brother-in-law he looked shaken and he said to me that he never wanted to talk about it. My now ex brother-in-law is a professor at SMU and felt it would hurt his reputation to talk about such a thing. So I never have reported it until now. What got me to do so was my son was visiting my brother-in-law and asked him about it. My son thought I was not telling the truth and made it up for some reason. But when my brother-in-law told him it really happened my son called me and talked about it for a long time. So now I am telling you. Regards, *(Wit's name deleted--CMS/sg). PS. **(2nd wit's name deleted--CMS/sg) still does not want to be public about this issue. You can contact me *(Wit's name deleted) and I can talk to David and see if he wishes to talk to you.
