{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-03 02:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528354","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27230","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3115,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/354/mufon-5528354.json","updb_database_id":5528354}
Colorful orb illuminates San Francisco houses

I was watching tv in the living room of my apartment in Cole Valley. There are big bay windows, and we live on the third floor. The windows face south towards Sutro tower. I was watching tv on the my laptop with a dim lamp on in the room. A flashing light caught my eye from the top of the hills to the south. I looked out the window and saw a series of flashes from the top of the hill, perhaps a quarter mile away. My first thought was that someone was taking flash photographs from the top of the hill. Why someone would do this in the middle of the night is beyond me, but I was searching for a rational explanation for what I was seeing. The flashing went on for perhaps five minutes, in intervals of about thirty seconds, flashing five to seven times each time. As I continued to look towards the top of the hill, the flashing became less regular in its intensity, whereas the first several flashes had been a bright white, the next several flashes were infused with bits of vibrant red and blue. Next, the flashing light took a different position on top of the same hill, slightly off to the side of where it had been. It glowed a faint "trio" of white, blue, and red light. The light then seemed to sort of morph and change, and a glowing orb "flew" to the hill that is the eastern side of where the UCSF medical center and campus are. As the orb flew past, the houses on the hill behind it were illuminated a brilliant red hue, directly behind where it passed. I use the word "flew" in quotes because the orb object seemed to move in a way that was more "fluid gliding" if that makes sense. It seemed to be made of plasma, and the light that it was/carried was like a "liquid light". The orb then seemed to reposition itself on the new hill and stayed hovered there. It stayed a redish-amber glow at this point. As I continued to look, I noticed two other lights positioned above and behind the orb. They seemed to hover in the trees, and seemed very small, perhaps the size of bicycle headlamps. I stood and watched for half an hour, this trio of hovering of small lights, one amber-red orb, the other two small twittering, twinkling white lights. The lights were perhaps an eighth of a mile away. The smaller lights seemed to "twitter", or blink and flash in a way that looked like a morse code. This configuration stayed put until the time I went to bed. I felt somewhat afraid that the objects would get closer. I, of course woke and they were gone.
