{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-10 02:54:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518354","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38909","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3283,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/354/mufon-5518354.json","updb_database_id":5518354}
This UFO was not observed in person. I have photos from a game camera pointed west.

Photos from my game camera. Looks like the moon. The moon was 80% that night and rising at the same time of the photos. However, the object is round, not 80%. The object changes direction, whereas the moon would follow a path. The object is below the horizon in some of the photos, whereas the moon cant go in front of trees. I cant explain it.

I am attaching the consecutive photos downloaded from my game camera. Because there was a small tree, approximately 1" in diameter in front of my game camera, over a 2 month period, it took over 6,000 photos every time the small tree moved. Therefore, I deleted most of the photos, which were many photos of nothing. There were a fair number of photos from deer. No hogs. Some crows. As I stated above, if that is the moon, I cant explain why it changed directions and went below the horizon. The trees in the distance are a planted pine plantation, so the moon should be hidden or partially hidden when it is behind the trees. Out of the 6,000 photos that the game camera took in that two month period, the attached photos are the only photos that have this object, which may be the moon or may not be the moon. What I cant do now is look through the other photos that I deleted to see if the moon should have been rising in that direction at a certain time, for comparison.

One thought is that it could be from a helicopter, but why would there be a helicopter flying in this area, which is a clear-cut area of a pine plantation at 3 AM? Also, why would a helicopter be there, hovering for 40 minutes?

Also, someone mentioned that it could be dust on the lens, but dust would not be illuminated by the flash, so it cant be that.

The photos are titled Grand Marquis because I have the back seat of a Grand Marquis in my hunting blind.
