{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508354","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50135","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3900,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/354/mufon-5508354.json","updb_database_id":5508354}
bright sing;e white light, no pulsing, no aircraft markinglights, traveled from west to east

I was outside working in my yard in the evening hours of the day, as I finished my work I saw what I thought was Jupiter in the late evening sky. I had plans to come out after a shower and look at Jupiter through my binoculars. By the time I actually got outside on my deck on the back of my house I was unable to find jupiter and had assumed that it had dropped below the horizon. I like to look at the stars at night anyhow. It was about 8:50 pm (EST.) After a few minutes of star gazing (at about 8:58pm) I saw a rather bright light in the night sky, from my view point facing west and per my cell phone compass and a hand based map compass, the object (a bright white light about the size of aspirin, came out of the west (about 240 degrees approx)traveling from the west/southwest in an south/south east direction (210 degrees approx). I looked for aircraft marker lights (the red or green and the flashing/pulsing white marker light) but did not see any. I first saw the object with my naked eye, and then used my binoculars to see if I could see the any marker lights that may have been out of my range of vision with out the binoculars. I was not or did not see any such standard aircraft marker lights with my binoculars. I had my wife come out and look, (she did not use the binoculars) but she saw the light/object. we watched it for about 45 seconds. It was hard to judge the distance or speed of the object as it seemed to be what I would approximate at an upper altitude, what I would guess some jet airliners travel when near or at their upper limit of altitude,(my best guess on this maybe 20 to 30 thousand feet). A couple of things that I noticed was that there was no sound, that one would normally hear with a jet even at an upper altitude. I was a military brat and am versed in the delay of the sound of the engine and the relative position of the aircraft, as heard from a ground based observation. The second was that I could not see or make out any marker lights( as described above), as the moon had not risen in to the sky at this time to provide any additional lighting, I could not tell if there was a vapor/chemtrail from this object. The night sky was clear with no major cloud cover or systems in the area at the time of the viewing, only a little ambient light from surrounding ground based locations (city street lights and such).
The object traveled in a direction that took it over my roof from my perspective and was about to cross out of my view when I ran inside to get my video camera and then proceeded to my front door, to follow object from the front of my house, (unfortunately, the battery in my cam corder was dead and the 30 seconds or so it took me to get it out of the bag, (after entering the house from the back deck and then proceeding to the front door) I emerged and looked for the object in the sky from the front of my house vantage point and it was gone. I do not think that it was a comet or satellite, as I have seen several of these and am a novice star watcher, I am aware of what a meteor/shooting star. This is my first report to date. I am not sure what I saw, but thought it might be useful if it was an actual UFO and other saw and reported it.
