{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475354","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84940","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3014,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/354/mufon-5475354.json","updb_database_id":5475354}
Heard a sound down stairs, paralysis in place in bed, heard voice in head telling me to stay still and go to sleep, saw a humanoid small figure enter or exit window that was closed

In Early June of 2017,

I suffered a headache at around 11:00 pm so I decided to go to bed. I entered my bed room and my head began to feel heavy and eyes began to hurt with a intense pain. I got into bed and almost instantly I fell asleep. What seemed like seconds later I heard the TV and the PlayStation 4 turn on down stairs, upon hearing this I thought maybe my wife was home from work. I realized that couldn't be possible because she didn't get off until later that day. Fully aware of what was going on (but obviously still tired) I tried to get out of bed but found myself unable to move at the slightest. Sleep Paraylsis had been common for me throughout life so at first I wasn't too worried but this was different. I began to panic and try to force myself out of this paralysis but everytime I used energy I heard a voice inside of my head tell me to stop moving and sleep. I knew the voice wasn't my own because at the same time I was talking to my self in my head (almost yelling) saying "wake up now!" This battle with the other voice, that almost seemed to control me went on for about 15 minutes until I finally had enough. I said a quick prayer and promptly rolled over onto my back trying to catch my breath when suddenly I saw it! 
Please be aware: The incident below happened in a matter of seconds so I am trying to describe as best as possible.
Directly in front of me on my window sill was a small figure, if I had to estimate it was maybe 3 feet tall. I did not see any eyes because the room was pitch black, but the silhouette of the figure was clearly visible because of the light that shown through the blinds. I believe it had its back towards me, one hand was raised and there was a bright blue almost white light that was casting through the window onto it. A quick flash was emitted and the being was gone, almost instantly that the being had left that my headache, eye pain, and fatigue also left.

This experience has truly, truly changed my life. I have had other incidents in my life that now that I look back on after doing more research I believe we're other visitations and or abductions. I appreciate you taking the time to read this and if anyone could offer me help or insight , I'd be very greatful.
