{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498354","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60845","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2189,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/354/mufon-5498354.json","updb_database_id":5498354}
This was not a star but looked like one stars don't dance or flash like this.

For about 20 days or so I have been observing this star like object here in Ottawa and about a week ago it was moving very slightly and pulsing like crazy it is always there in the southern skies at about 2 to 5 Am or so with no clouds it seems to blink an awful lot and never fails to show up. So I bought a pair of binoculars and this object just blinks away like crazy but when I look at it with binoculars it does not blink. When I look at it with my naked eyes it blinks faded rapid colors to hard to distinguish. I wish I had a telescope and you all at MUFON could see this thing as it keeps on coming back. Tonight it is not moving that I can notice but this always seems to change if I look at it long enough. I invite you to see this thing from my location it will be there. It always is. It is NOT THE INTERNATIONAL SPACE STATION IT IS NOT A STAR OR A PLANE I AM SOBER ALL THE TIME I DO NOT DO DRUGS. I am perfectly sane and do not have time to make stuff up I have never been declared insane I do not have a criminal record I just need someone to see this for themselves. At this very moment I am going back out to take another look and keep watching. My next step is to contact the Ottawa International Airport and see if they will tell me if they have seen anything. Please call me and Email me . Send someone out here on a clear night to see for themselves . I will not waste your time. This is very real. Thank you for reading this and consider it truth. It happens south of downtown Ottawa and I need answers.
