{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-16 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288354","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115014","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3914,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/354/mufon-5288354.json","updb_database_id":5288354}
Watched for 4-5 minutes in sky a football field sized, pitch white, perfect rectangular box looking object frozen in air- no markings

A couple years ago while driving home around noon with my teenage daughter in the car, I exited onto Exit 46 for (150) Rochester Road from East M-59. I would then turn left and go North on Rochester Road to get home a mile away. While on the exit ramp the light turned red so we had to stop and wait for the light. Which gave us a very good view and for 4-5 minutes we were (unfortunately) able to study this 'thing' in the sky. The sky was very blue sky with a few clouds here and there, and mildly windy.
When I stopped the car we looked out the window and up to our 11 o'clock and about a half mile up and a mile away was a PITCH WHITE, perfect and EXTREMELY PRECISE enclosed rectangular object. Like a box situated horizontal on a slight diagonal course (since it's one end pointed toward us and we could also see the long side). Scared the f* out of us because of it's colossal size. It must have been at least the length of a football field if not longer. No lie. There were no windows, writing, seams, nothing. Just pitch white. It never moved. Whatever it was stayed frozen- completely stuck where it was. Some clouds were moving from the mild wind but not this thing. I thought it must be a hologram projected onto the sky but how? It was way too big and vivid for any technology to be able to do this unless I'm wrong and hope I am. If you know, please let me know. 
We looked around to see if any other drivers saw it but no one but us seemed to notice it which didn't help but at least we knew we weren't seeing something that wasn't really there. We thought it must be a UFO. But because it was frozen in place and never moved we've since assumed it must have been from a different dimension. 
When the traffic light turned green I turned left and as I drove it was still visible until eventually obscured by trees and buildings. We'll talk about it at times and we're still unnerved by it.  
My second floor balcony faces the direction where it was and if it were to appear where it was I'd be able to see it very well. Which makes me cringe because ever since that happened? Lights appear there occasionally at night that look out of place, always at different times throughout the night even at 4 a.m. My family and friends see them occasionally when they're over at night when the lights appear. They can't figure it out either.
The lights aren't planes and don't move. Sometimes there's one, other times two or three near each other. One is always brighter than the others. Sometimes when I look out as soon as i see them they'll blink off like a light switch then blink back on a little bit from where they just were. I wanted to conclude they're drones but what's the point of those at 4 am when there's nothing of interest over there. And why do they blink off as soon as I look? I'm not paranoid but it's like they're waiting for me to look. The whole thing is true and still creeps me out just thinking about it. The lights don't bother me as much as that thing we saw in the sky. It was really ominous.
Have any of you heard anything like this?
