{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-03 21:51:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510354","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48051","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7732,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/354/mufon-5510354.json","updb_database_id":5510354}
I captured 3 HD video clips of Orange Orb UFOs over Edmonton.

location: Valleyview neighborhood, Edmonton, AB, Canada
date: May 3, 2013
time: 9:50 pm local, dusk 
weather: mostly clear, scattered alto cumulus. According to the Weather Network: ceiling 8,400 ft., ground wind 10km/h from SW, 10 Celcius
camera: Nikon D7000 DSLR, Nikon 70-300mm VR lens set at 300mm, manually focused, video at highest quality setting.

I was in my back-alley driveway picking up raspberry sticks I had pruned earlier that evening, when I noticed four or five very bright, flickering, reddish-orange lights moving just above, behind and beside the tops of nearby spruce trees, at about 45 degrees elevation, south-south-east.

"Fire balloons (aka. Chinese lanterns)," I thought for a second. "Cool."
 
They were close together; the group at first sight covering a spread of about 5 degrees. However, as I watched, I saw they were quickly fanning out, each moving on individual horizontal or downward vectors. My impression was that I had just missed seeing the objects being launched or emerging from a single spot. The trees started to block my view, vexingly preventing an exact count, but four were in sight at the same time for sure. There may have been a fifth object.

I suddenly realized they were not balloon lanterns! First, the colour was wrong (reddish orange, not the usual whitish yellow). Second, they were all very bright (initially), at least a bright as airliner landing lights. Third, they were quickly spreading out, not trailing along together. Fourth, they flickered too wildly. Fifth, and most tellingly, at least three of these objects were travelling INTO the wind at a fairly rapid rate. I should add here that, in the quiet of late evening, I heard no sound from these objects and saw no blinking navigation lights.

So, after a few seconds of observation, I realized I had orange orb UFOs in sight (for the third time in the last 2 years: once in Amsterdam--April, 2011; twice in Edmonton--Dec., 2012 and this day.) I RAN for my photography equipment, nowadays almost always at hand for just such an unusual occasion. I have seen other anomalous flying objects, but visually recorded only one once before. My Nikon D7000 DSLR with 70-300mm VR lens was on a small table in the open garage and the tripod was on the backyard deck. In about twenty seconds I had the camera and tripod setup in a spot with the best visibility (on the deck, which is elevated). By this time, only two objects were were still in sight, now due south, my view of the other two or three presumably blocked by the trees. Actually, a third, dimmer object was also in view, but I didn't see it at all until I watched the video later.
 
I recorded three video clips, one each from my deck, driveway, and back-alley, moving to keep the subject in view.  My personal feelings while recording were those of urgency and technical concern (to get the UFOs on video) mixed with contained excitement and a certain amount of eerie awe at viewing alien technology in person. I felt no unusual physical or psychological sensations nor were there any noticeable electromagnetic anomalies. My attention was split between viewing the objects as closely as possible and the process of operating the camera. Caught up in this dual preoccupation, and with every second precious, I completely forgot about the binoculars I also keep handy. I also neglected to take some still frames. Video was all I had in mind at the time. 

To my naked eye, the objects looked like single, orange, disk-like blobs with a reddish, wildly irregular, upward flickering.  They looked very similar to an object/light I had videoed this past winter. In that case, the object was further away, and I had only a short focal length lens on the camera, hand-held at night. This time, I had closer objects, a tripod, a tele-zoom lens on my DSLR and the sky was not completely dark. As interesting as watching the lights was, it wasn't until I viewed the video clips on a monitor that I saw any shape or detail.

In clip one, taken from the deck, there are three objects, two objects are brightly lit, the third very dimly lit.  All the objects are defying the wind, which is from the south-west. The lowest object rapidly drops from view, dimming as it does so, descending and or heading south-south-west away from me. In that direction is our city's river valley, a small zoo, some large parks, and forested trails. The remaining bright object moves west, from left to right nearly horizontally.  It appears to subtly adjust course as it moves. A third, dim, unseen-by-my-eye object enters the top left of the frame just before I stop recording, following the object going west. I didn't notice this third object until I had viewed the clip many times, so fixated was my attention on the brighter object.

The second clip is taken from the driveway. The object looks bigger, closer in the second clip, so, from when I first saw it, it seems to have changed course somewhat more to the north, toward me. Also, it seems to have brightened or more completely illuminated itself compared to the first clip. While recording the second clip, I checked the focus briefly as it looked fuzzy/blob-ish on the camera's small live-view screen.  Oh, and the objects (and the scene in general) appear darker to a degree in the video than it was in reality, owing to the equipment's limitations in low-light.  To my eye, the object was a very bright, flickering light, whereas the video revealed it was in fact a glowing, seemingly irregular cylinder with the brightest light emitting from the base.

In clip three, the object appears to move in a slightly winding, serpentine motion, noticiable if you zip the clip back and forth quickly. While recording clip three in the back alley, a passing dog-walker distracts me and I loose sight of the object as it goes behind a pole. I wait for it to reappear, but, to my unaided eye, it has disappeared in the gloom. So I stop recording after a moment or two in order to move the camera yet again. However, I don't see or record anything further. I didn't mention to the dog-lady that I had a UFO sighting in progress because the UFO was fading and going behind the pole.

Upon reviewing clip three on a monitor, I was surprised to see that the object did indeed reappear from behind the pole, but it had dropped its illumination so substantially I couldn't see it in the deeply twilit sky.  Had I seen it, I would have been able to capture another 10 seconds or so of "flight".

I am pleased and impressed by what I saw and the footage I captured. I have familiarised myself, through study and direct observation, with the usual things commonly mistaken for UFOs. I can attribute nothing natural or human-made to my sighting on May 3, 2013.
