{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-09-10 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489354","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70272","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4119,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/354/mufon-5489354.json","updb_database_id":5489354}
Rocket shaped, initial thought was nasa (rediculous for my part of the world) orange glow right around it with green glow around orang. Silent.

I know i should of reported this years ago however i was ridiculed by my family after i got home that night so didnt bother reporting it. I was 12 at the time and i am now 27 and this, to this day, bugs me as i really want to know what it was. I know its such a cliche, but i know what i saw.

It was around the back end of summer, year 2000 and i had been to a birthday party up easington lane with my best friend Callum. Being 12 years old it was a sober party, no alcohol and most definitely no drugs. 

After the party, my friend got offered a lift home so left me to walk home by myself (typical- how i wish he too witnessed what i did) on my way home i had to pass through a private housing estate and in the middle of this estate theres a small green area, complete with a half dozen large trees. 

As i walked through this area something in the sky caught my eye and i immediately looked up. There in the sky was a large rocket shaped craft. It had an orange glow right around it, with a green glow encapsulating the orange glow. It made no noise and travelled slowly through the sky in a NW direction. It was very large however i couldnt say exactly how large. It didnt seem very high in the sky but again i wouldn't be able to say exactly how high. I managed to get a good look at it for around 4-5 seconds before it disappeared over a house. At that point i ran quickly around the house to get another look at it, which took me all of a couple of seconds, however it was gone.

My initial thought was NASA, as it was obviously not an aeroplane. Then it instantly dawned on me that there is no way NASA would have rocket shaped craft in this part of the world. Instantly i knew id seen a UFO. My heart began racing and i got so excited (and disappointed callum wasnt there to witness it too) and i ran all the way home (about another half mile) to tell my family what i saw.

When i told them, they laughed it off and ridiculed me. I was SO frustrated. 

Considering how big it was and how bright, i thought there must have been other witnesses' however i found nothing in the local papers around that time and nothing on the net. For years i have searched the internet for people reporting similar sightings in other parts of the world and i havnt found many. Infact i have found none that describe exactly the same thing, and subsequently i have a huge interest in UFO's and aliens now. 

One interesting point i found out a few years ago, thanks to the film "the 4th kind" is that the sumerians left images of apollo shaped craft (exactly like what i saw) in their ancient carvings. i found this very intriguing and admittedly a tad exciting. 

The thought of alien beings visiting our earth doesnt bother me at all. I think its ignorant to believe that we are the only intelligent life in the entire universe. 

I dont tell just anybody about my experience, just certain people. Some believe me and some dont. But like i say to them all, i dont care who believes me and who doesnt as i know what i saw. 

Id really appreciate it if you could give me any more information on what i saw and/or if others have reported anything similar. 

My apologies for not reporting this sooner but i assure you this is not a hoax and i really hope you could offer me some insight.

Thank you very much for taking your time to read this. I really hope i hear from yous.
