{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-10 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472354","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88070","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4139,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/354/mufon-5472354.json","updb_database_id":5472354}
{cak} Random flashing of various intensities in one particular small area of sky near Cassiopia.

Edited UFO video. Flashes in the sky pointed out. See description on raw video also on my page. I've seen this thing in multiple states since around 2012 at least. It makes no sound. (The first 4 seconds of the video are stars.) I have an extensive aviation and aerospace background enough to know the differences in airborne craft and their flight peculiarities, if any. This thing follows no linear path and has only one light that shines at irregular intervals at varying intensities. Often, the light flashes bright-enough to rival Venus or Sirius, or perhaps even brighter. I know all about Wright-Patterson as per Roswell, and my gramps used to work there in the 1950's-1980's. If it were a small, kit aircraft, it would have to be low enough to be able to hear, like around 5000' AGL. If a small kit aircraft managed to get up to 14000' or higher, air would run thin. Maybe the pilot is on oxygen. But at those altitudes the angular separation between each flash is far enough apart, that speed required to be in the following flash position would greatly exceed that of a single-engine prop. There is no reason why some pilot would be up above this backass town in rural Ohio with no wingtip navigation (green/red) lights (against FAA regulations) flashing a single light in a strange manner. I thought it may be an experimental military craft, or some kind of exercise going on, as often when I see this thing, there is a commercial airliner nearby at cruising altitude (above 18000'). But I have seen these flashes with witnesses who also have seen them multiple times from coast to coast for about the last seven or eight years. I will edit a video of this, also. I suspect that I will be able to film them again soon. Like I said, I will try to do this more in the future. This is the first time I have filmed it on hi-def or at all for that matter, and the first time I have ever had a camera good enough to even film anything at night, and I hope to improve my filming skills in the coming nights. I have seen it so many times over the years and made it flash by asking, that I am pretty sure I can get the same result again. My guess is maybe a drone(s), or perhaps it is above the atmosphere (over 100km), which would make it huge. I'm not sure of the altitude. If I had to bet my life on it, I would guess between 20000'-50000' AGL, maybe? Lastly, there are a few remaining fireflies/lightning bugs in the area. I've been tricked before by perspective regarding UFOs, so I am careful to discern this. Fireflies do not flash as brightly as the planet Venus, or the star, Sirius. And I have seen these flashes in the winter months and in parts of the country which do not harbor fireflies. Submitted is one edited video and one raw video. While making the edited video, I missed many things, as windows movie maker does not have high def when editing as far as I know. You can see a lot more in the raw video. Pay particular attention to the flash at :34, the object appears more than just a single point of light. I did not move the camera at all and the area filmed is roughly the size of a fist at arm's length. Several flashes occur simultaneously in different locations. I am hoping MUFON will be able to improve the video quality some, as I cannot.
