{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-05-10 16:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453354","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108273","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4568,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/354/mufon-5453354.json","updb_database_id":5453354}
Shiny metallic ufo

I’m a little hesitant to submit this on record but it’s something I’ve carried with me for over 20 years and I’m hoping someone else can verify what I saw back then. I was about 8-10 years old. I remember we had our eyes on the sky’s because their was a lunar eclipse that day. I remember running from one side of the sidewalk to the other with my sister because it had rained a bit that day but it was the first time we had seen it rain on only one side of the road for about 1-2 minutes. I remember getting into the car with my mom and sister to go to the dollar store a few blocks from where we lived on Hartley Street. As soon as we got out of the car I looked up and high above the tree line somewhat parallel to where our local foundry/quarry is there it was. A shiny metallic silver egg shaped flying craft. I remember thinking that it looked different from anything I had seen before. It hovered moving only slightly up and down at times for a few moments then hovered in the same spot for a few minutes. Suddenly it felt as though it knew I was watching it and I felt like it was watching me. Something in my head told me this but it wasn’t an actual voice or a premonition. More like my body telling me something is watching you, purely a feeling. I could not move, not at all. Not to talk to my mom or sister not for anything. My mind was going a mile a minute but I didn’t speak. I didn’t move and it felt like it went on forever but weirdly in real time I could tell/feel that not that much time had passed. A total of maybe 5-10 minutes. I remember thinking at first this is so cool and then later questioning what I saw. My sister was so young and my mother was in the store but there were about 2-4 other people in the parking lot. I remember at least 1 of the 3-4 other people in the parking lot pointing to the sky but nothing else. It was almost as if I was paralyzed just standing there and staring. I started buying ufo books at the school fairs afterward, watching ufo documentaries on tv late at night when my parents were asleep and ever since I’ve been a huge believer. I know what I saw and it was nothing that I had ever seen before or since and have not witnessed it again. One of the things that bothers me the most is not that people will call me crazy. It’s that ever since that day my mind has been filled with worry about being abducted. I almost feel as though I was at some point as a child with some of the crazy dreams I’ve had since but I cannot seem to clear my mind enough to remember. There were more than a few occasions that I had “slept walked” or at least that it what the doctors had thought. But I was never walking. I was flying, like hovering down the stairs and I remember this happened several times in my dreams. But seeing as how my mother would find me downstairs or outside the door at one time after these dreams, the doctors convinced us that I was just a sleep walker. There have been various odd events that have occurred during my life but typically more with paranormal occurrences. Ghost visions, odd smells, and odd lights or fog/haze. I’m not sure if any of that would go together in any way or if it’s separate to be honest but what I saw in the sky that day is still extremely vivid in my mind. I know in my heart that it is nothing from our world. I want nothing but to share the truth and to show others what amazing things are occurring while they turn a blind eye. Unfortunately back then we did not have cell phones with cameras or at least we couldn’t afford one. I have no physical proof of the experience other than what’s embedded in my memories. But I’m always looking up and I have an odd feeling that it was not the first time nor will it be the last time for me. I’ve been searching for answers for the last 20+ years and I won’t stop. I now live only a block away from the location it occurred and believe me, I will never stop looking up.
