{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-15 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523354","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32606","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2402,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/354/mufon-5523354.json","updb_database_id":5523354}
Extraordinarily bright, starlike object.

I was walking down the steps of our front porch Saturday night (10/15/11) at 7:45 when what I thought was the North Star caught my eye, as it not anywhere near where it would typically be. I rather frequently gaze the night sky as we now live on the outskirt of the city and have a great viewing sky. As I stopped to observe this bright star I realized it was moving across the eastern sky south in a straight flight path and I could here a faint jet-like engine sound in the distance. Although we are about 40 miles south of RDU airport, this did not in any way appear as a passenger jet in the sky even flying a path and speed of a jet.  The white light emitted was extraordinarily bright, with no blinking light that one would typically observe on a plane and the engine noise was barely noticeable. The object moved in a similar path to a jet but it was very difficult to tell the distance from myself to the object. When driving past the airport I have seen planes at very low altitude that were not nearly this bright. Planes that do cross airspace over our house are distinctly heard and visible. The object was entirely to quiet to be that close and that bright, and the hair on my arms immediately stood up (and actually teared up) as I told my wife through the screen door that I seriously think that there is UFO outhere. Within seconds the object made a rapid ascent; the light growing smaller and dimmer towards the stars then completely disappeared from sight. The object had flown a straight flight path for probably about 10 seconds that I observed and within 3 seconds was out of sight. The ascent was more rapid than any object I have ever witnessed in my life and this experience was unlike anything that I have ever seen in 30 years of star gazing.
