{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-01 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289354","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114003","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2436,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/354/mufon-5289354.json","updb_database_id":5289354}
triangle completely lit up

i had 3 sightings prior to this. i was outside at night stargazing. 1/2 mile down my street over a house came enormous lights. moved slowly towards me with no sound about 50 feet off the ground. it moved directly over my head. i didnt feel any fear. i stood there frozen and shocked. i flashed my light at the triangle. it paused and then i felt funny. i remember telling myself to detail what i was seeing as it passed over me. i guess i just went inside and went to bed. 5 months later another beautiful huge triangle again same senerio except it was higher up hauling ass towrds me. i didnt fuzz out this time i knew what was happening as soon as it got over me it disappeared into thin air. im seeing alot of craft. i cannot explain it. i watched dr.greers movie and told myself if they can do it so can i. I used the vectoring technique. i thought it would take a long time for me to be able to call them in. it worked my first time and hasnt stopped since. it took me months to accept this. alot of stress. i plan on being hypnotized. ive had 2 daytime sightings one where my esophagus was healed. i had an endoscopy 5 days after my 1st daytime sighting and they kind of link into your head. i realized i was communicating with them so i asked them to heal me. my endoscopy showed brand new healing pink tissue. my doctor said he couldt explain it. i remember going home from the hospital shocked. i have before and after scans. my entire paradigm has been shattered even though i caused this. i realize i shouldnt play games with greers protocol but im seeing incredible stuff. its working for me. i have no idea why this is easy for me. i want to know whos onboard. i have to know. thinking i was abducted is difficult for me but something happened when that triangle was 50 feet over me. thanks. wendy
