{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-10-28 16:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472752","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87655","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2856,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/752/mufon-5472752.json","updb_database_id":5472752}
{cak} Oval metal object with lights that changed intensity

I was traveling east in battle ground and noticed at the intersection of parkway and main street a weird object in the sky traveling from the south east. I estimated it was about a mile east of my position. I traveled in a straight line, but seemed to wobble a bit, where I could see the sun reflecting upon it's surface which was a polished silver finish. It had a light that seemed to be part of it that was dim at first, flickered in and out until it started to get closer, so estimating it to be traveling north an slightly west. When it got closer the light stayed at a constant. There were no clouds in the sky, and there were some tree's it was heading behind. 

I had to wait for the light to change and the cars coming the opposite direction to give the right of way, but thought to myself if it was an aircraft or a Mylar balloon, I could continue to track it since I was able to pull off to the side of the road well in time to catch a photo/video of it on my camera since there were no other obstructions for my line of view near the spot except for a few of the tree's I mentioned. Upon pulling over I fully expecting to see it emerge from the tree line, it simply was no longer there, it basically vanished at this stage. 

The cloudless sky was bright, so not a need for an aircraft to require it's running lights, and the light emitted did not seem like normal aircraft lights or a reflection from the sun. A balloon left adrift would not explain it either since they do not have lights, but sharing my initial thinking upon observing it. It wasn't specifically fast from my vantage point thus the reason I thought I would have plenty of time to further track it. I stayed at my spot for a few minutes, just to be sure I was not gauging it's flight speed incorrectly, but there was nothing but empty sky.

In addition, strange military helicopters continue to fly low over Battle Ground and the surrounding areas, including directly overhead where I live at in Ridgefield now, no insignia or markings, but clearly military complete with a rather large cannon like attachment to the Chinook models nose. This is not the first sighting in the area, not likely the last on the UFO's.
