{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-25 16:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510752","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47640","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2731,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/752/mufon-5510752.json","updb_database_id":5510752}
{dr}saw this round object way up in sky, watched it for 5 mins, then it looked like it started spinning and hovering, thought i saw what i thought are orbs- i had to look away thinking my eyes were playing tricks

I was relaxing on my back deck, sitting in a blow up pool, to be exact, all by myself. I had seen some things in the past at night, and to me, those instances were significant, but never made anything out of it. So, I just leaned back and looked up. There it was. I questioned that maybe it was a bird, but I knew that this was entirely too high to be a bird or even a plane, b/c it was round in shape. I thought maybe a balloon- particularly a weather balloon, but in the past Ive seen those and have shiny exterior.  However, the more I looked, the more it simply hovered. I thought I was losing my biscuits and looked away. The logical individual in me was simply saying to myself that it had to be some kind of balloon, but the height it was at- thats no balloon. I watched, and it suddenly seemed as if it started spinning vertically, if that makes sense? I thought I saw wings, if that makes sense? I actually rubbed my eyes, and turned. Then, I kept seeing it just hovering, and then it was really crazy- seemed like these orbs or what Id say an axis is starting to emerge from both sides. 

I almost felt like it knew I was watching. Again, I knew it wasnt an airplane, and still thinking a balloon? Then, it was like it was teasing me- sort of like a back and forth motion. Thats when I got on the phone to call my friend, and it started moving away. Needless to say, my mom, my neighbor were unavailable for me to tell them what I was seeing. I only got in touch with them after the fact, and I had thought about taking a picture, but something stopped me from doing that. 

Whatever it was- it was a dark, metallic color, round, and changed shapes, and what I believe (unless im delusional) orbs or some sort of axis...and for me to see it so distinguished as high up- CRAZY!

I just want some answers, b/c I consider myself level headed. I lost sight of the object b/c it eventually stopped hovering and simply drifted.
