{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1957-12-17 18:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467752","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92896","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3066,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/752/mufon-5467752.json","updb_database_id":5467752}
{td} Very Large, Oval /Egg shaped object, Lights all around the apparent edge, Silent, Changed directions without turning

NOTE THE PHOTOS INCLUDED ARE NOT MY PROPERTY.
Not sure of the actual date but my family is sure that it was very late 1957 or early 1958. It was a cold dark cloudy night. I was waiting with my Mom for my Dad to get off work near the city square in the town where I lived.
When my Dad came out to the car and started driving us home. We had gone only about three blocks (Fourth St. and Corning), when my Dad in a somewhat surprised voice said look and pointed towards the southeast. My Mom and I both looked and to my shock we saw a very large object hovering above the local High Shool.
I don't remember being afraid more like shocked
The object was appeared to be pointed straight east had multiple colored lights around what we felt was the edge(photo is not actual craft).This gave us the impression the object was egg or oval shaped. We believe that the object was lower than the top of the flag pole at the county court house near by.(see pictures)
The object floated against a wind which was out of the north , My Dad than turned the car onto Corning street and drove directly under the object.
He than stopped exited the car and looked straight up at the object. My Mom told him to get back into the car, which he did.
When he shut the door to our car the object began to move to the northwest with out turning, that is still pointed east. As it floated out of our line of vision behind the Jr.High building directly across the street. 
Then my Dad drove to the next corner and turned north but even though we should have been easily able to spot it, the object was gone.
The whole sighting we figure did not last more than a minute
 All though we discussed the event with my sister once we were at home. The family discussion was that popular opinion in our community was that rational and sane people did not see such things.So to avoid problems we did not talk about it in public.
I also remember that for a short time my being afraid of walking to school on a cloudy day by myself.
NOTE THE PHOTOS INCLUDED ARE NOT MY PROPERTY.
