{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-11-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548752","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"8404","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3896,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/752/mufon-5548752.json","updb_database_id":5548752}
Sphere over Red Mountain - Northern Arizona

It was a completely overcast sky with a ceiling well over a few thousand feet. There was no visible sun.

I arrived at the Trailhead Parking some time around 2:40PM on 11/15/07.

On my way up to the perimeter of the breached volcanic cone (Red Mountain is an old Cinder Cone which has an entire side of the mountain missing 1 exposing Red Rock Surface composed of Cinder) I began snapping pictures of the mountain. 

I continued snapping pictures through the majority of the hike 1 some as few as a couple of minutes apart 1 some as long 15 minutes between shots.

I stayed at the mountain well until nightfall. With Exception of a father and daughter that left the rim around 3:45PM (There name is in the log book before mine.)

The only interaction I had with other people on the Mountain was with the Gentleman and his daughter. We talked for a few minutes about the unique geological features of the area. They did not report anything.

I myself was not looking for anything out of the ordinary. The pictures were intended for family showings.

The camera was a FUJI FINEPIX S5000. It is a 3MP camera that interpolates to 6MP. (The setting was 6MP on the photos.)

This is not the original picture 1 it is an edited pic - my intials are embedded within the trunks of a few trees for claim. The original can be rendered to investigators 1 so long as I get credited for the original picture. (No color correction was used 1 the use of color correction adds some scale and interesting detail.)

The shaded corners come from a defect of the camera 1 the shaded areas are from a screw on cylinder that comes attached to the camera. (It is supposed to reduce Glare)

My GPS coordinates were within 2 tenths of a mile from 351 32.040N and 1111 52.105W when the picture was taken 1 on the trailhead. (WAAS accuracy is +- 33 feet 1 I noticed that as an average when tracking on my hike.)

The proximity of the sun was not in line with the anomaly 1 the moon was not visible for another 3 hours. (It ended up being a crescent viewed near middle the top of the Mountain 1 some time later after I descended. The picture is provided for scale reference.)

There are three pictures submitted total. 

The edited copy of the picture, a picture of the moon, and a picture taken 2 minutes after the edited picture 1 this is to prove I did not have a spec of dirt on the lens.

The protective lens cover was replaced after every set of pictures taken. At no point 1 was the lens off the camera between pictures or before pictures.

I have full confidence in my camera and have used it a lot over the past few years. It is old and there have been times I have have a fouled lens. This picture does not exhibit any similarity to what I have seen when my lens is fouled.

Unfortunately - I did not actually see the UFO. I was looking for Scenes - not UFO's. (I am sure it would have been barely visible - I have pretty sharp non-corrected vision.)
