{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-12 19:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513752","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44511","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3898,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/752/mufon-5513752.json","updb_database_id":5513752}
(GS) Bright light that seperated into 3 lights then came together, 5 seconds later saw the same thing again but about 3 to 5 miles away of Rockwell City IA

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?
 1. I was at work.
2. What made you first notice the object?
 2. With out saying what I do for an occupation, but I get paid to observe. 
3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?
  3. I saw this light in the sky that was to bright and to big to be a star so I stopped the vehicle that I was driving. It appeared to be way to close.
4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.
 4. When I first saw it at approximately 1935, it was just a bright light about the size of a baby aspirin. I had my window down and I stopped the vehicle thinking to my self what the hell, that isn1t a star that1s to big and to bright. Approximately 5 seconds after I stopped the van it went out and I said the words, 1What the hell was that1 out load to myself! I then got on the radio (Hand held) asked if anyone just seen that light. I was still staring at the same area, heard nothing back in response on the radio, and no more than it took for me to say that and the light came back on. The light, with in 1 second of being on, split into 3 separate lights. Separating into opposite directions in the shape of a triangle. I then could see the light reflecting off from the underneath or underside of an object that was gray in color. I could not see the shape of the object just the shape that the lights made. The lights then came together and made just one light again and went out. This process took the total of approximately 5-10 seconds. Then I stared at the same area for about 10 seconds and started to move the van. I saw it again about 5 seconds later any where from 3 to 5 miles from its last location I saw it again over the top Rockwell City doing the same thing all over again in about the same time frame. It appeared to be about 500 to 600 feet in the air. The only reference that I had for distance up in the air was the grain elevator in town and it was about 3 of the elevators put together up. After that was over I kept looking in that direction for about 2 minutes and there was nothing. Then it dawned on me that I was listening to AM 1040 on the radio, but it was all garbled. I couldn1t make out what all the sounds were. They were not static but not legible either. This went on for about 20 to 25 minutes, after that it was clear as a bell, before I saw the light it was clear as well on the AM station as well. At my job we sometimes switch positions at 2000 hrs. Then after about 10 or 15 minutes (at my new position) it is now 2010 or 2015 started to think to myself 1why didn1t anyone respond to me on the radio1 (the hand held radios that we use to communicate with each other) that is when I notice that the hand held was not working and the remainder of the night it took 3 more batteries and still was using them up or draining them.
5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.
 5. Wow, oh my god I hope someone is seeing the same thing I am because no one is going to believe this.
6. How did you lose sight of the object?
 6. It went out. I guess that is the best way to describe it.
