{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-01-17 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486752","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72940","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3385,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/752/mufon-5486752.json","updb_database_id":5486752}
{jpg} Traveled in the same direction as our car was traveling, then zig-zagged down below trees that were at a distance.

We were traveling south of Boyd, Texas along Farm Road 730 about 1am. I was in the backseat, having laid down after spending most of the night "looking for UFOs" (I had seen one the November prior (1974) and was anxious to see another), but tiring of looking at the night sky, I decided to rest the remainder of the drive home. Not two minutes went by when my mother and my brother started shouting. I popped up to see what the yelling was about, and Mom explained that there was a bright blue ball in the sky on the driver's side, traveling the same direction as us, and that it descended in a zig-zag pattern out of sight beyond some trees about a half-mile to our left. These were trees that lined the Trinity River bottoms that lay between our car and our destination, which was our house located along these bottoms. This Trinity River formed the northern border of our land.

The made-for-TV movie about Betty & Barney Hill had *just* been aired in the week prior, and having seen the movie, Mom was especially upset, convinced that the same creatures that got the Hills were now coming to get us. She calmed down and was able to sleep but not for awhile. The sighting was very exciting but also upsetting to her. Later, she was mostly fascinated by the color of the object, that it was "the most beautiful blue" color she'd ever seen. She talked about how beautiful it was until she died. She was always convinced that it was among the kinds of things people were seeing a lot of in those days. We heard a lot of other stories. As much as people out there might keep such a thing private, there's also plenty of sharing of stories, so there tends to be more of an open mind toward it than you'd think. Country folk out there love a good legend, be it ghost or UFO.

The incident that night was the second sighting by our family in just two months. The Nov. prior -- Nov. 19 1974 to be exact -- my mother, my grandmother, and I saw a different object -- amber-colored, bright, and shaped like a saucer on its edge -- that moved at a high rate of speed across the northern part of the sky at dusk. I was a young boy of 10, and I made a "flip book" out of one of my mom's old check books, to draw how the object skipped like a flat rock on water as it moved. 

In the area where we lived, our family had - I would count - five fairly dramatic sightings of various objects, all different, and spanning the period between the 1950s to the 1970s. Of these, a daytime sighting by my great-uncle, a well-known peanut farmer in that area -- involved a silver sphere that was seen to descend at just about the same spot where the big blue ball also seemed to have come down.
