{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-06-01 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502752","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56239","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2800,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/752/mufon-5502752.json","updb_database_id":5502752}
{cak} Silent triangle object flying slowly, and low overhead

I was walking down our driveway to our horse barn when I just happened to glance up, the evening seemed very quiet, but other than that, I don't recall anything unique that caused me to look up. 
As I was walking up to the barn I noticed a large, triangle shaped object flying Slowly above me and the barn. There were 3 lights coming from it - they were not bright, but they were there - one at each tip. The craft emitted no noise at all. It simply flew slowly along. 
I saw the object, and continued into the barn... it wasn't until I was inside the barn that I thought "That was rather odd." and I went back outside. In the span of maybe 15 seconds - whatever it was, was gone. I initially thought it was probably just one of the Stealth Bombers from Whiteman AFB. They are known to do training runs around the area and it is not unusual for someone to report seeing one around. 
However, I feel like this object was moving much too slow; and was not really the correct shape. It was almost hovering, but not quite. A rough estimate would be less than 50mph (without knowing its true distance above me or the actual size, I'm not sure) ... it was moving northward over the barn and our powerlines to the barn. Once I went into the barn, and then back out, there was still no noise. 
Other than the intense quiet, nothing seemed amiss.. The horses did not seem disturbed, nor any of the other creatures on the property (dog and cats). 
I have tried to write this off as having been a stealth bomber for many, many, many years... but the more I think on it, the more I feel that if I truly believed that, I wouldn't still be contemplating this. To my knowledge, the stealth bombers are more of an oblique triangle... this was more equilateral than that. 
Once the object was gone, I went about whatever had brought me down to the barn in the first place, telling my parents and a few friends about the event, all of which agreed it could have been a stealth bomber, but agreeing we did not believe they could move that slowly. 
We lived at that address for about 7 years - this was the only time this ever happened to me, or that I am aware of.
