{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-04 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525752","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29971","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2297,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/752/mufon-5525752.json","updb_database_id":5525752}
Hovering white ball of light by a cloud after lightning stroke.

On July 4, 2011 around 9:30PM, I stepped outside onto my porch to take a look around at the sky. In the direction towards Phoenix from Mesa, AZ, I noticed rain clouds in the distant. While looking at the clouds, I noticed the clouds producing lightning which mainly just lights up the clouds. Occasionally I would see a streak of small, crooked lighting bolts being produced and branching across the cloud cell, but none of the lightning bolt went to the ground. While observing what seems like a constant cloud lightning, I saw in one of the cloud lightning occurrence produced a pure ball of white light at the end of a lightning bolt and occurrence which the ball of light was by itself for at least 2 or 3seconds. The size of the pure white ball would be about the same size of a jet or plane for that distant or just a white dot in the sky. I'm reporting this because I have never seen after lightning has been made and the bolt gone, leave behind after the lighting flash just a pure, white ball of light just hovering for about 2 or 3 seconds. From my perspective, it almost seemed like there was a round object that might had been in front of the clouds which lightning may had hit a ball object and lit it up for 2 or 3 seconds. When I continued to watch the cloud produce more cloud lightning in the same general area, I never did see that pure white ball of light again. I went into the house to get my video camera, then I went back outside and started filming some of the cloud lightning. I haven't review the video tape yet; however, if I happen to see that ball of light on that video, I will notify Mufon and reference this report.
