{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-03 02:58:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460385","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100855","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2612,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/385/mufon-5460385.json","updb_database_id":5460385}
{jpg} Object with BRIGHT lights near Big Dipper

I went outside onto my balcony to have a cigarette before bed. I sat down and lit up, and after a few seconds had chills running down my back and arms, my hair standing on end. It was around 78 degrees fahrenheit outside. I ignored this, and continued my smoke and looked up at the stars as I often do. Looking at the the Big Dipper, I noticed a BRIGHT flash of white light. I thought this was a trick of the eyes so I decided to observe more attentively. Sure enough, this repeated. It repeated in a rhythmic fashion, with a few bursts of bright light followed by darkness, breaking the pattern. The bursts seemed to be slightly irregular in their timings, almost (almost being imperative) perfectly spaced but just off, and sequential bursts were interrupted by periods of dark. At first, in regards to movement, the object seemed to be stationary. After about a minute or two, it started to move, the light pattern continuing throughout this. I then noticed two others that flashed much less often moving away in different directions. I then began to film on my smartphone. At this point, the balcony above me had blocked my view of all but one. It appeared the thing had a shape beyond the light though not much larger as it blocked my view of stars its path intercepted. It is possible that this was a plane, but I think it unlikely due to the weird rhythm od the flashing, the hovering, and the sheer intensity of the light. It literally hurt my eyes to look at, though I couldnt help myself. I felt very uneasy and went inside to get my fiancee but by the time I got back to my balcony it was gone. She was asleep when I came to get her. Additionally, upon reentering my apartment from the balcony, BOTH of my cats were crouched down in an "about-to-pounce" stance, with ALL of their fur raised, similar to my arms. Very unsure what to think as I am generally a skeptic.
