{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-07 18:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487385","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72279","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3475,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/385/mufon-5487385.json","updb_database_id":5487385}
{nd} I was driving home with my brother when he pointed out a large, large light source coming from the sky

November 7th, 2015
Approximately 6:15-20pm
Rancho Cucamonga-Upland Ca
I was driving home from dropping my boyfriend off at work. On my way home, driving west bound on Foothill Blvd. I saw three bright star-like objects forming a triangle and moving eastbound. I turned into a side street to get a closer look. At a closer look they appeared to be airplanes but they traveled at exactly the same distance apart form each other and retained distance. this seemed odd but I continued to drive home which at this point was only about 7 minutes away. While pulling into the drive way into my apartments which faces north, my younger brother (9 years old), in the backseat, noticed something in the sky, and given the past weird situation was incredibly enthused. I looked up, expecting to not see much since the three lights we saw earlier probably had his senses a little too heightened. When I did look up a noticed an very big, very bright light in the sky above the roofs of our apartment buildings. I was a bit awestruck. After pulling over to the side I got out of my car and attempted to record it. It was bright and I could not exactly tell what the light was coming from, but the light itself appeared to be cone shaped, except the part of the cone that would be a circle was instead an elongated oval. The oval part of the light was positioned vertically. Initially I took it for an airplane with a searchlight, but the light was not facing downwards it was facing out, almost at a southeast direction. My brother also noticed what seemed to be a "star" like figure but which was moving southbound. I thought it was a plane but it had no red flicker light like planes usually do and it seemed to be higher than a plane would be. it also moved incredibly slowly. I lost sight of this incredibly fast, being too fascinated with the greater light(which in direction to the "star" like figure was to it's right)I was able to acquire a video of it with my phone, but by that time it was beginning to fade out. While videoing, I also noticed there was what seemed to be a green fog (but with the light from the unknown object hitting it, it seemed more like green light)next to it. The more the light faded out, the less the green showed. The bright light was visible for about 30-40 seconds total during which it seemed to fade out into a fog, expand a bit, and then disappear completely. Once it disappeared, I ran back to my car, parked it and ran back to the sight. The light was completely gone but as I looked up I noticed the green fog still lingering. It looked to be an almost transparent green cloud of mist. I never saw the mist leave, for I ran up to my apartments in hope to search and find any other similar findings that may have been reported that same day.
