{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-09 14:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484385","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75450","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2946,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/385/mufon-5484385.json","updb_database_id":5484385}
Bright lights, one cigar shaped & 6 separate discs, observed in the vicinity of Sydney Airport in daylight, viewed from Sydney Tower.

I was taking photographs with my Canon EOS 5D camera, with 24 - 70 telephoto lens, from the top of Sydney Tower, of the views surrounding Sydney, on the afternoon of 9th March 2016. I was not aware of anything unusual at the time. Only today, 27th March 2016 when I was viewing my photographs on my PC, did I notice unusual bright lights in the sky apparently in the vicinity of Sydney Airport. I have 6 photos with unusual lights in the sky. In the first photo there at at least 5 discs in random formation, in the far distance, low above the horizon, to the west of Sydney ( it is possible that each disc were pairs, making a total of 10). In the second shot there were 6 discs, observed low above the horizon in the far distance, apparently southwest of Sydney, in the vicinity of Sydney Airport, in pairs and in a straight line. Third shot was a single bright light, in the shape of a cigar in the similar vicinity. Fourth shot was a similar shape, in similar vicinity but with also a Qantas aircraft which was climbing out of Sydney Airport, having just taken off, in view. Fifth shot was the same bright cigar shaped object in similar vicinity. Sixth shot was the similar cigar shaped bright light with a different aircraft having just taken off from Sydney Airport in view. 
All photos were taken within about 30 minutes of each other. Other photographs taken at the time, in the same direction, did not show any unusual lights. All photos were taken through glass windows but I am confident they were not reflections of lights inside the building.
I am a retired UK NATS air traffic controller and current glider pilot.
