{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490385","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69207","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3872,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/385/mufon-5490385.json","updb_database_id":5490385}
Venus like object that slowly glided to several different places in the sky, getting larger/nearer then stopped for 15 sec and shot off in curved tick in under half a second.

I was working in the Lilley Brook Golf Club bar and a few of the oldies were in late, not too much going on, so I decided to take a wander outside on the patio to get some air. This was around 10pm at night at the start of March GMT so very well dark by then and a pretty clear night. Some high up thin clouds but a relatively bright night, quite cold and clear. 

I walked out onto the patio in front of the 2nd green, as you'd expect at that time there is no one else around. Tall conifers and a willow stand about 300 yards in front of me and above them I see what at first I think is a very bright star, so I assumed it must be a planet, probably Venus by the looks of it? But after a few seconds I noticed it was moving down and to the left slowly and seemed to be getting bigger, then it stopped for a few seconds. It then started to slowly descend down and to the left once again for about five to ten seconds and then it stopped once more. At this point it was obviously bigger than it had been when I'd first seen it. Maybe nearly twice as big? It then from still slowly started moving over now to the right, in a smooth straight line (maybe very slightly curved downwards like a down facing bracket) level with the tops of the trees in front of me.

This all took around 30 seconds and the whole time the object stayed a bright white/slightly yellow colour, like a standard light bulb colour. It then moved quite far over to the right, further than where I had first seen it and it stopped above the trees, but now seemed slightly smaller once again. It then stayed there for about 15 to 20 seconds and then suddenly in a curved tick (right hand tick) shot off in about a quarter of a second. It's final motion appeared to very quickly and smoothly accelerate away and diminish in size in correspondence with it's acceleration in a curve, like the bottom right hand quarter circle disappearing into the night.

I remember not feeling panicked or freaked out but more like inquisitive and like "what on earth is/was that object?"... I stood out in the cold night on my own for a very short while then went back inside, briefly mentioned it to people inside but no one was too interested.

I'm not a religious person, I like to make decisions in my life based on real facts of our genuine understanding of how the universe works through science etc, and think there's always a rational explanation and so on... but this one really baffles me! I have a friend I know well who works along side military operations in the UK, and I'd noticed over the years he's always been very closed about his work when asked. A few weeks ago we happened to be on this very subject and he said he's been told there are objects on military radar that just disappear all the time. 

Obviously no one actually knows the real facts..whatever they may be?! Could it be natural phenomenon, or drones sent by other life forms as we're doing to other nearby planets right now? Who knows? All I know is this was my first UFO sighting of two strange ufo sightings in my life and I'm only 30! Any more to come I wonder? :D
