{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-05-11 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547385","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"16924","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2582,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/385/mufon-5547385.json","updb_database_id":5547385}
Star-like object moving slowly across Chicago sky in eastern direction 5/11/2009.

I had just returned home from night class and parked my car about 1/2 block from my house. I was walking south on the left side of my street. 

I have a tendency to look up at the stars on clear nights to see if I can make out any constellations. The skies were clear this evening. I look up to the right and saw three stars, but then strangely, I noticed that one of the "stars" was moving.  The star-like object was moving east in a slow but constant speed and no sound. Slow enough for me to follow it as I walked to my house from my car. 

I don't live too far from O'Hare Airport so I see a lot of planes come and go all the time. So when I saw this object moving slowly across the sky with no flashing lights like commercial airlines do...then I knew this was not something normal. In fact, as I was walking a plane happened to fly accross (going east)and that confirmed my suspicions. The glowing star-like object seemed to be higher and moving slower than the plane. 

As I was getting closer to my house I was loosing sight of it because by this time it was over my head and descending east...so I was able to catch a glimpse through the spaces between houses. By the time I got the alley next to my house I turned around and looked east and saw that the object curved and continued going in a northeast direction. After that I lost sight of the object. 

I was in awe of what I was seeing that it didn't dawn on me to record it. All I had with me was my phone, but even then I don't think my camera phone would have picked up something so high up in the dark sky.

I didn't what to make of what I saw. I didn't say anything and thought maybe it's just my imagination, but it's been eating at me ever since just because I've never seen anything like it in my life. I just don't know how one would explain what I saw especially when it was moving slower than a plane in a slow and steady pace.
