{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-24 21:29:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498201","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61046","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2962,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/201/mufon-5498201.json","updb_database_id":5498201}
We heard a electric hum over house really close, the power in the house went off completely! a beam of really bright light surrounded our house. i asked my wife do you hear that she said yes. We saw a bright light outside the window. I went to investiga

Me and my wife was in our home watching a rented DVD, I heard what sounded like a electric/humming sound suddenly approach above our house we were stunned by the sound that we were hearing we never heard anything like that ever before. The power in the house went off. Suddenly bright beam like daylight came down around our house. I asked my wife are you hearing that and are you seeing that? i was disbelieving myself even.. She said yes. I thought what is going on here? My wife sat frozen on the couch. I got up to investigate. I went strait to the window to see what this light was, when i moved the blinds to peek out, i saw a very bright light it had a border like beam of light. It scared the hell out of me. i thought electric humming and a bright light? I thought the only thing that can do that is a power line shorting out above our house. The event was intense I thought our house was about the catch fire, but there are no power lines above our house or even in our street they are all under ground.1,45 minutes of panic on my side at least... my wife was so scared she did not even move once. Then the intense hum and the light disappeared in the snap of a finger. The power in the house came on again and we finished watching our DVD.. a bit stunned or in denial of what just happened... the mind is weird thing... that how we coped with this event...

After a debate with my wife she said we must tell people its a helicopter.. or people will think I am crazy. I don't care what people think now.. this really happened and was real. I told her you were there that means I am not crazy, so people can say ever they want about me. 

One more thing, what ever it was, it was 15M or closer to our roof it sounded right above our roof, it had the ability to turn our power of completely remotely. It made an electric very audible hum. It switched on a light so bright I thought our house was about to catch fire. If this is a military aircraft we have no idea what they have. It is powered by electricity and allot of it. It must have a nuclear reactor or power source not known to the public.

Thank you
