{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-23 21:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484201","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75637","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3358,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/201/mufon-5484201.json","updb_database_id":5484201}
He saw three bright star like objects hovering in a triangular formation. Then we noticed numerous helicopters. My son saw a bright light & our self I'm got knocked out for approximately 5 to 10 seconds. Most of what we saw was caught on video.

My two boys and I were driving home at 10 PM on a Wednesday night from an activity.  Directly in front of us we saw three very bright objects that were in the formation of a triangle.  We knew they were definitely not stars, so we continue to observe as they hovered above.  That's when we noticed there were numerous black helicopters all around them.  We were not sure what was going on, but it was spectacular so we drove approximately 2 miles and parked. We videotaped while we were driving and we videotaped when we stopped.  We were focused on the bright lights in the helicopters that were surrounding them. Just before the lights disappeared, my son said he saw lightning.  I did not notice this.  But when we review the videos, the last 5 to 10 seconds of footage went completely white and the sound got knocked out.  After this occurred, all that was left in the sky where the black helicopters who then began to fly away. 

The first thing we then after arriving home, was watch the videos.  At this point, we still knew something was going on but we were not sure what it was.  Much to our surprise, the videos picked up a significant amount more, than what we saw with our eyes. Not only were there the bright lights, but there were objects pretty much everywhere.  Probably the thing that shocked me the most, was when I noticed that there seem to be the bottom of an in Normas object moving slowly over our heads.  At several points during the video, you can see what appeared to be the lights on the bottom of an object.  The lights were blue and they were in the shape of a parallelogram.  I was astonished at the amount of objects that were all around us that night, that we never even noticed.  

I will attach some videos and images below.  On the very first picture for example, you can see the blue parallelogram of lights at the very top of the image.  We were so focused on the bright light n the middle of the screen, that we never noticed the blue object above..
