{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-18 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491201","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68370","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3694,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/201/mufon-5491201.json","updb_database_id":5491201}
{rjl} Spotted an orb of light over a river.

On July 18th, 2015, at 11pm, my girlfriend and I were traveling down highway 16 East out of Newark Ohio. As we passed by Dayton road, I saw a red light just above the tree line. It was an unusual red color and I pointed it out to my girlfriend. I was not sure what I was looking at. As we drive down the highway our path brought us pass it. I lost sight of it but my girlfriend could still see it. She then claimed it turned colors from red to purple then back to red. We lost sight of it the further we drove. I was confused as to what I could be seeing. It was too low in my mind to be an air craft and the light was not blinking or flashing to indicate it might be a plane. And the red color was a reddish orange. And when my girlfriend claimed the light turned purple it was very curious. We decided to turn around and investigate the light. 

We traveled back in search of the light but could not find it where we had last seen it. So I decided to take a road that would have brought us closer to where I thought it might have been. We turned down Staddens Bridge road and as we did I spotted the light again. This time it appeared to be over the Licking River. We pulled onto the bridge and stopped to watch the object. It was a bright red and moving at a slow pace. It seemed to be moving up the wood line on the south side of the river towards us. It then turned north and began to slowly cross the river. The light was bright red and yellow. The reflection of the sphere could be seen on the river as it passed. It was then I pulled out my phone and tried to photograph it. We watched it until the object crossed the river and we started to lose sight of it behind the tree line. I quickly drove down the road to a clearing where I knew there would be no trees to obstruct our view. It was maybe 60 seconds later when we arrived at the clearing and we spotted the object again, this time though it was just a red dot of light quickly traving north away from us. We watched it for approximately 5 more seconds before it was out of sight completely. 

We continued on our way home and I tried to think of what it could have been that we saw. I ruled out modern craft due to how slowly it moved in the beginning and how low it was. There was also no sound coming from it. There was a storm that passed through a while before and there was lighting in the sky and thought it might be some kind of plasma orb. I don't know much about that phenomenon but thought the sighting lasted too long for it to be that. Pluse it was a solid orb of light, there was no variation to its shape as it traveled. We discussed it further and we're just confused by the whole experience. The pictures I captured were terrible and does not show the red light the object was emitting.
