{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-21 11:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519201","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37738","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2530,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/201/mufon-5519201.json","updb_database_id":5519201}
It was the most incredible experience better than my first about 30 years ago I always felt and knew we were not alone

I had walked outside to have a cigarette and I was looking towards Burbank airport,watching the planes come in when I noticed a dark object that appeared to be floating at first I thought it was a Mylar balloon it looked like it was tumbling up especially when it looked like it was reflecting sun light off the top, later I realized they were lights,anyway it climbed for about two minutes then it seamed to start drifting towards me. At that point I thought well maybe its a helicopter, but I didn't here any noise I thought that was weird because as I watched it getting closer I started thinking well maybe its an airplane,but still no noise then it came almost overhead and stopped also as it was approaching it appeared to be chanching shapes it looked a little jagged around the edges it also looked as if it were shrouded in mist. I also noticed lights flashing and there was a vortex way below it. At this point Iam starting to think maybe this is a UFO so I am thinking I should run and get my camera, but I don't want to miss anything. I finally dash in side grab my camera come back and its still there so snapped a few shots then I decided to get a better shot from a different angle I stepped around the patio cover and it was gone just like that in an instant. I remember feeling as if it were trying to communicate I felt like I was being watched then it started feeling a little scary afterwards I thought wow amazing this feels like a dream unbelievable at that point I felt like go ahead take me Ill go what an opportunity chance of a lifetime. Iam now working on electromagnetic flying craft. I was that inspired because this is my second one the first one I didn't have a camera available. That was a whole different experience especially at night. This experience was like winning the lotto.
