{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1957-04-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524201","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31682","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3176,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/201/mufon-5524201.json","updb_database_id":5524201}
small pool of light, 5th grade, it was on the grass, when I approached it backed up..couple times

I realize that as a senior you may think it odd to share this story after so many years. I have told it to my family..but they like everyone I ever met just..look at me and roll eyes. This took place apx 1956 I was in 5th grade, 

I was walking to my elementary school this is the same street I lived on was about halfway to school when I noticed on ground on the grass a pool of light...not a beaming thing..it was flat..light...don't know how to explain that except I don't recall it having any height...it was a small circle of light...if you could pour light on the ground thats exactly what I saw...just a pool of light.

Since I am now in my sixties...you can imagine people say it was a sun beam. This was apx 7:30 in morning and no this was no sun beam.  Because when I saw it......and walked over to it it backed up..I again went toward it and it backed up again... I just stopped and looked at it...it then moved...like a puddle of light off the grass down the curb and accross the street, about half way to other side of street I heard someone say "you will be late for school"  , I followed it and it went up the curb like it had went down ...and stayed their for a moment...I really wanted to touch it..but it then started to move away from me and went so fast it was gone 

I been married 47 years, I told my parents...my husband, my children and my grand children...no one understands that I have no explaination for what I saw that day. Its frustrating that we cannot validate this to our family on something that is witnessed only by yourself, and as a child I did not have a clue what I was seeing.. I do know I told my parents I saw an angel that day...

I am retired ..and I am trying to inquire if you have a data base for people like myself who see something odd that is not explainable, even in this day and age. My family gets embarrassed that I should even look into this after all these years..but in my mind, I would just like to know what it was I saw.

Apx one year later.1957 (best guess).their was an article in our local paper and no I cant remember what it was entitled..but it was a sighting by a lady who lived just few blocks from us...it was in the paper I do know that much..She saw a something outside her window that (it was like a small ball....I cant remember much about but will try to locate that aricle if I get to visit family who still live in that town.

if you able to help me understand this I would appreicate it very much.
