{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-11-12 16:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473877","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86494","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3070,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/877/mufon-5473877.json","updb_database_id":5473877}
{dr}Star like object that moved in various ways, moving from one point to another instantaneously then almost hovering

I was at work and had to go across the street to another part of our facility to look at the condition of rail tracks on our property. I drove over in my truck and after looking at what I went to look at, I started driving back to the main facility. On my way I observed something on a box trailer that caught my curiosity so I stopped and got out. At that point I inspected the trailer, went back to my truck and just looked around at all of the facilities. It was a beautiful time of day and I was enjoying the weather taking it all in. I looked up and saw what I thought was a star. I didn't think anything of it and continued looking around. I looked up again and noticed that the "star" was not in the same place it had previously been...so I continued watching it. I thought my eyes were playing a trick on me because the object was certainly moving from NE to SW at a slow rate, then the object disappeared and reappeared a short distance away instantaneously. I continued to observe the movements and it went in a diagonal, zig-zag pattern...disappearing and reappearing rapidly. I continued watching for a while before figuring out that I needed to get into my truck to grab my phone in order to document what was going on. I took video of the object but was unable to film the quick movements. I filmed for about 5+ minutes and then wanted to call a coworker out to witness to object...just so I wouldn't look crazy to others who I may show the video to. He came out and we both continued observing the object for about 10 minutes. I went back in to the facility to my office and locked everything up to go home. As I headed home, 15-20 miles WNW of where I work, I was able to observe the object until I got to my driveway. The entire time I was driving, the object was losing its brightness... maybe due to the sun going down, or its angle compared to the suns position. I decided to upload the video to youtube just in case something happened to my phone.

This is my statement of what I saw and it is 100% true. It was almost a year ago and I remember it like it was yesterday. I have no clue what it was that I saw, but it was an object in the sky, it wasn't falling and as far as I am concerned it is unknown! View video for your own opinion.
