{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496877","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62501","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3029,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/877/mufon-5496877.json","updb_database_id":5496877}
[Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]

UFO is recorded in photo taken the night of October 7, 2014, the 18:56, the day that we had the Super Moon.
It seems curious, but as UFOSFACTS administrator never had the opportunity to personally register any event related to the UFO phenomenon, but this time, even if unintentionally, I just recorded something interesting about the city of Porto Alegre as he took a photo of the Super Moon. As was a photo which was dismissed for lack of focus, ended up being forgotten in my cell. Today during the cleaning process, where the delete Memory Card files, this picture came on the laptop screen and a bright spot called attention once visualized the picture.
I remember clearly have not seen anything in the sky when I took the photo, I asked my wife who was with me this time and got the same answer. Hardly a light of this size would unnoticed for those who watched an object on the side.

As the seat of UFOSFACTS is in Porto Alegre, I saw that it would be interesting to share.

At the same time started an analysis to rule out all possibilities of a possible mistake.

Enlarging the picture, we can see clearly that this is not a common aircraft. We can also see a mist that seem vortices formed by compression of the air, suggesting a downward movement.

Analysis Details

Aircraft (Aircraft / Helicopter) - thrown, the object does not display navigation lights and was not visible to the human eye when the photo.
Rain - No chances of water drops on the lens because the weather was dry and clear
Reflections - No, because the lens is flat 3.5mm and equipped with anti-reflection system.
Outdoor lighting (Buildings - Lampposts) - At the photo you can see that there are no buildings or poles or even mountains, as in this direction there is any kind of elevation.
Exposure - The photo was hit with an exposure of 1/10, that is 0.001 seconds, so was also discarded

We received information from more than 3 witnesses also testified the object.

Contact the International Airport Salgado Filho flight control department, we received information that nothing was detected on radar, but an anonymous source reported receiving a phone call asking about the strange light.
