{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-28 13:54:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451877","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109768","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3156,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/877/mufon-5451877.json","updb_database_id":5451877}
Presistant Orb

This seems to be a reoccuring anomaly where I work in the Hauppauge, NY area . I have seen this object over the course of a few days this month (June 2020) either moving across the sky or hovering in roughly the same area each time. At first I thought it might be a low-orbit satellite, but so far I've only witnessed it during the bright sunny day, which makes that highly unlikely. When I had seen it stationary in the sky I thought maybe it was a star because it looks about as big as a star in the night sky, but again when can you see a bright star during the day let alone at noontime? 

Regardless, I just happen to look outside today while at work around 13:54 and again in the northern sky (from my viewing angle) at about 60-70 degrees ascension from the horizon was this bright orb-looking object just sitting there, not moving. I assume it is an orb but its hard to tell because it was up so high. As high as the clouds, maybe higher. I grabbed my iPhone and started shooting through a conference room window, holding the phone on the window to stabilize the shot. When you zoom in on the first couple of videos, it looks like its rotating in place, or something was moving around it. When it wasn't moving, it would change in brightness intensity like it was rotating but you couldn't see that looking right at it. You can only see that through the phone video it was so small. Hard to say if it was totally illuminated by its own light or not. It may have reflected the sun's light somewhat but as you will see in the first 3 videos, it's very bright. In the last video, I came back to check if it was still there and caught it as it was starting to move to the north, like as if it had just passed over the building I was in. It continues north, then hovers, and then gradually turns west. When you zoom in it looks like something is tethered to it or another smaller object is moving around it. The smaller object seemed to be illuminated or reflecting light as well. There was no sound each time. There were no military planes or helicopters present. There is no military base near this location.
