{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-11 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5281877","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121596","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3181,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/877/mufon-5281877.json","updb_database_id":5281877}
Metallic/silver object that also seemed transparent. Viewed during the day, about the size of a small plane.

I was hiking south bound on the Appalachian trail with my friend in late august of 2021. We had just finished hiking to the top of The Priest mountain in Nelson county, Virginia and decided to spend the night at the priest shelter. Another hiker showed up and the three of us chatted as we prepared dinner. It was around 6:30 pm, still plenty of daylight left, when my friend pointed to a gap in the tree cover where the sky was visible and asked, “Hey man, what’s that up there?” I directed my eyesight to where he was pointing. What I saw is hard to describe because the color and the shape were unlike anything I’ve ever seen. I saw what appeared to be a white/metallic/silver object in the sky to the west. It was hard to tell because of the color, but it almost appeared transparent. The shape is equally hard to describe. It didn’t exactly fit any of the ‘usual’ UFO shapes, but it reminded me of a mix between a classic flying saucer and a tic-tac. It looked like three ovals, one big oval in the middle and two smaller ones on each side. The two smaller ovals looked like separate sections as opposed to being part of an outer ring seen on traditional flying saucer type craft. So, maybe think 3 tic-tacs stuck together, but I only saw it from one angle so it was hard to tell. I think it was about the size of a small airplane. We were about 4000ft in elevation, and this thing was maybe a few football fields away. Definitely well below any clouds. I can’t remember if it was moving slowly or hovering, but as soon as I saw it I started walking towards it to get a better angle. It was at this point that it picked up speed and briskly moved behind the tree cover and was gone. This lasted less than 10 seconds. The third man didn’t react in time to witness. It didn’t move at a supernatural speed, and only traveled in a straight line. However, the little bit of acceleration it did show seemed instant and, possibly, intentional. At first we thought that, maybe, it was a satellite that was reflecting sunlight in a strange way, but we both recall that it looked solid and that it appeared to be close. Neither of us have any clue what it was. The strangest thing about it was the color. I have never seen a color like that. I’ve included a few sketches, I tried my best but they don’t convey what what it looked like very well
