{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487877","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71777","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4284,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/877/mufon-5487877.json","updb_database_id":5487877}
{rjl} seen a small craft hovering about 20 ft above my house, i have more important encounters then this last one

Since i was 14 i have had encounters with UFO/Paranormal. I also live in a house now that is visited by ghost. My daughter and myself have many experiences with this. But ghost do not scare me like the UFO happenings do...Its almost like we can manage or protect ourselves from ghost, but with this other, you have no control..I have had bright orbs invade my house, scan my daughter and show up outside my windows and jet off so fast...from my first encounter i recall at 14, i knew there was not a lot of people to talk too about this..My most 2 recent things happened this year 2015...I seen a small craft over my house about 20 ft in the air..i studied it for the few seconds while it was there, i was not scared at all.. i looked online at so many photos of UFO until i found a pic of the one i had just seen, That type was last seen in 1952. There was no smoke, lights nothing dramatic about this craft. It was just there and then gone. Somehow i felt they didn't even notice me sitting in a chair almost under them..The most troubling account happened this year. I live a rural area of oklahoma..I had been taking care of dogs left at a house,up the road from my house. i was feeding them everyday after work..Weather was cold, i bought blankets and put in the dog houses..I felt someone had been helping my with keeping the blankets in the dog house and such, i looked across the street and seen a house, i just thought someone bought the property and moved in with a prefab/mobile home. I thought maybe these people are helping which will be great!! I was going to ask them and introduce myself,but didn't look like anyone was home, so i didn't go, the next day or two, i see the house again, looks like they are all at work so i'd go another time and ask if they have been helping with the dogs. About the 4th time, i seen they were home, lights on, trucks in the driveway..so i decide to go to ask them about the dogs,but i can not find their driveway entrance, i go the next guys property over and ask, how do i get into their driveway,(the new people) he didn't know anything about it..I went on home..Im telling my boyfriend in text at least 3 times on different days, that i think the people that live across the road are helping, finally he asked...'what house are you talking about? and i said, the new one right across the road, its white with black shutters and they drive a white pickup..He did not recall seeing a new house there, over the weekend..I kept saying well its there now, no big deal...Well when he came for the next weekend, we went up to feed the dogs and he said, 'wheres the house you kept texting about?' When i looked up to point it out, it wasn't there..i even had him walk up the hill and check..I seen this house on several different occasions, before work, after work..I know what i saw, i can describe it in detail..but its not there now..I was so shaken up and bothered by this. I drove to the neighbors house with my boyfriend to ask him, if i had came there last week to ask him about how to get into the driveway of the new house, he said yes, you came here and asked..Ghost, orbs, ufo's have not shaken me up as bad as that event this year..I am a 55 yr old female, i do not drink, no drugs.I was witnessing something in a different reality, several times that is not showing up now..I started to cry and get very upset when he said, there is no house there..and yet i know all the details of that house, porch lighting, wooded stairs and could see people moving inside like getting ready to settle down for night after a day at work..
