{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-11 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481877","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78098","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4089,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/877/mufon-5481877.json","updb_database_id":5481877}
{dr}stark edges, glossy black, obsidian. rectangle, 1/3rd as deep as it were tall. apendage displayed briefly on slight turn.

1. at my window watching a non stellar blue jay as I smoked a cigarette. 
2. bird flew past the area it was occupying in the sky. 
3. box kite were the initial reaction but quickly dismissed as it were unmoving yet started to move a moment later. 
4. perfectly still, perfectly vertical, perfectly symmetrical at first blush. as I watched it it seemingly wobbled as the opposing side rotated slightly towards me. as it did that and then back you could see a projection or appendage, same glossy material, same stark sharp lines. appendage protruded at a 30 degree downward angle and appeared to be half the width of the depth of the overall craft. appendage ended in a 30 degree downward sharp angle. as if it were a 2" x 4" piece of lumber angle cut. cut portion had sharp lines just like the rest of the craft and matched the line that makes the bottom of the craft, again symmetrical in shape (followed the same line as the bottom and top of the object). it rotated back to the initial position seen and that was when I went for my cell phone for a photo. seconds later I was at my window camera ready. it had moved in a line away from the initial sighting but not quickly in appearance it had covered some territory. the photo taken is not good and shows what was clearly seen by me to be a square to be not so square, blurred. Samsung galaxy 3. took a second pic but you can not distinguish it in that picture as it was being covered by a passing cloud. 20 to 30 minutes later you could still make out a black speck in the same general area in a break in the cloud formation. also, when It were initially turning in front of me, there were some change to it's glossy nature on the side that faced me. as it rotated it appeared to have an elliptical irregularity to the surface that drew some attention from me but, it still somehow appeared flush, flat and black even though the elliptical shape covered fully 1/4th to 1/3rd of that side. more of a line suggesting an oval rather than a protrusion on the surface itself.

5. have seen a lot of things in my life. many things but this one was a new shape and color unlike any ever seen before.
had recurring dreams of 1 alien creature. humanoid, grey, standing in near total darkness. these persisted for a few days .. up until I spoke with someone about them. they have since stopped after 1 additional dream and all of these dreams have made me wake each time at the same point. a classic grey alien in a near black field. not truly a field just the blackness of a dream with one identifying feature. a grey standing looking my way. likely my psyche reacting to two sightings (earlier report by me on file) very close together.

6. it truly was a speck when I stopped watching it. hard to make out with the unaided eye. also, when I tried to photograph it. my camera kept changing focus from the object to the closer object, a telephone pole and transformer. really thought I had snapped the pic as the focus box was on the craft .. unfortunately my cell ahs never taken very good pics. it appears very small. to the right of the pole and above the highest wire and you will need to enhance/enlarge at least a few times to see. original photo saved on phone. will not delete
