{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-08-01 22:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466877","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93804","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3066,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/877/mufon-5466877.json","updb_database_id":5466877}
{rjl} Chaotic.. looks like stars chasing each other.

I was sitting at work in the middle of knowhere watching the new season of last chance-u on my phone when I noticed two bright yellow light out of the corner of my eye.. I looked up and starred at the two objects. At first glance they looked like stars so I didn't second guess them.. then they started moving. Naturally my first though was okay they are either planes or helicopters... Then the two lights vanished complelty.... all of a sudden two smaller blue lights started swirling in circles, looked like they were chasing each other... Now a little freaked out I keep telling myself it has to be some fighter pilots practices or something of that affect... I decided to move closer to get a closer look... First off I didn'tt reallly believe in this sort of thing ... There's always an explanation for everything right? Well as I starred and watched the phenomenon I pulled out my phone to try and get a video, cause who's gonna believe me right? At this time I still wasn't convinced.. When I zoomed in they were so far away my camera just showed pitch black... I climbed on top of some frac tanks to get a better look... when I got to the top of the stairs out of the right corner of my eye I saw another big yellow light.. this one was ALOT closer... I emmedialy pulled out my phone and captured film on the light.... as I was recording I though "man I'm just going crazy that has to be a star". So I decide to calm down and walk back to my truck... after sitting in my truck for two min I decide to get out and look at it again... the light is completely gone... all of the lights for that matter... I can't even see any stars in the sky's... The funny thing is I could have sworn the light I recorded was moving towards me slowly... Actually I'm about 99% sure it was.. but once again I told myself "it has to be a boarder patrol blimp or something".... 

In closing I'm not 100% what I saw.. but I've never experienced anything like it. It bothered me enough that I felt I need to atleast share what I saw to somebody.... I feel dumb for even typing all this out.. I'm not going to tell anybody I know about this cause they'll think I'm crazy....But I had to atleast share my story to somebody.

I'm submitting this 20 min after the anomaly.. still not a single light in the sky...
