{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-17 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530877","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24594","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3658,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/877/mufon-5530877.json","updb_database_id":5530877}
I became aware of unusual lights in my area every night since 1986.

This is the last time I am sending you my 26 photos of unusual lights I and others in my area witnessed every night since 1986. In around 1994 MUFON of Orange County and me did a 2 day investigation of these lights. MUFON told me they are airplanes or they are coming from Disneyland. Disneyland is 10 miles away, and the lights we witnessed coming in at 2 at a time every 30 seconds were about only 300 to 500 feet away. Two years later Jan Harzan who was a MUFON investigator told me that the lights in that investigation went into MUFON's records as "unknown". Then he continued saying, "Meaning UFO".

Some of the lights in my photos show them either entering or exiting another dimension. You can this, as the lights look half or partial. Almost all my photos show lights that can be mistaken for lamp lights, however it you compare photos you can see that the lights must have been moving by other nearby lights or by background. I never changed my location while photographing the lights. Also what came out on film was nothing like what I saw in most cases. The photo of the small white light up near a building is too small to be the moon. Before I photographed it it looked like a small dot, and not a light at all. The smoke picture is a complete mystery to me being that I never remember filming it or anything like it. I am sure you agree it is not from any natural source. And the 2 objects under the street light were the first 2 objects I photographed. They appeared one after the other. Peter Davenport from the UFO Reporting Center told me I sent him street lights, as though he did not see the objects under the street lights. I believe the white lights might be UFO related besides the white light on top of the Shoe City building. I do not know what the orange/red lights are.

Between 2003 to 2005 I filmed these same type objects. I used a Samsung camcorder with a 880x digital zoom, so I was able to get right up to the objects. I did not use a tripod, because the objects often would vanish before I could get a fix on them. However I filmed upclose objects that resembled Jupiter; with an eye on its surface that looked around robotically then disappearing into the object; objects that partially disolve then go back the way it was; objects that show black carbon type clouds that quickly run over its surface; small white lighted objects that form perfect triangles and rectangles then slowly move on. I accumulated 8-hours of footage, and recently after editing I have 1 hour of my best footage. It was produced as a DVD by O.C. Media. And it is not bad for not using a tripod. If you would like a free copy of it please let me know.

I got the impression that you are very discreet about contacting people with evidence. If you do not want to contact me then it's okay, but may I ask you to let me know if you were able to successfully open my upload of my photos? Again this is the last time I will send them to you.

Thank you.

*(Wit's name deleted--SGonzalez/CMS.
