{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-09 20:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284877","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118536","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2957,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/877/mufon-5284877.json","updb_database_id":5284877}
Triangle with multiple white lights moving N-S then disappearing

Me and my husband were sitting on our back porch in the evening. We were sitting in the dark. I was facing roughly West (W-NW), while my husband was facing South. I was stargazing (not using any instrument), specifically looking at the Draco and Hercules constellations which were just visible at my 12 to 2 o'clock.

Suddenly, I saw a group of lights arranged in a triangle appearing to the right of my field of vision moving in a straight line, and disappearing to my left. The whole sighting lasted about 3-4 seconds. My husband didn't see anything.
The lights were white (the same shade of stars), fixed, and at arms lengths they could have been about the size of a small aspirin. I would say there were at least 4 such lights per side, but there could have been a little more, maybe up to 5 or 6 but I'm not 100% sure. I did not see an outline of a craft, i.e. the space in between the lights was as dark as the night sky around it. The triangular shape the lights created were that of an equilateral triangle, or maybe a slight isosceles. I noticed the lights suddenly appearing at my 1:30-2 o'clock, and when they reached my 11:30-12 they disappeared. However, they did not disappear at once, but rather its 'tip' started disintegrating first, and then everything disappeared straight away. It is difficult to estimate the size and altitude, but my impression was that it was as high as a small plane's flight altitude (or maybe a little more), and that the 'object' was large.
Neither my husband nor I heard any weird noise, and I did not see any emission coming out of it.
The sky was very clear and I am confident that the object could not have disappeared behind a cloud. As a matter of fact, neither my husband nor I noticed any clouds when we came back to the porch after 10 pm and even then there were just a couple and small ones. Aerial traffic was usual: (we usually have traffic to/from Broomfield, Denver, or Longmont) and there have been aircrafts flying both before and after the sightinging (but I can't recall if there was anything flying at the same time or just before/after).
The sighting happened at about 8:22 pm (time noted posthumously at 8:24 pm).
