{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-26 13:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521877","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34329","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2341,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/877/mufon-5521877.json","updb_database_id":5521877}
small disc shaped metrallic craft with fat, mechanical cephalopodic appendages at edge of disc seem while driving down rt 128 at 1pm today between mass pike and rt 95 south by two people in a car

Driving south on rt 95 between mass pike & rt 95 about 1PM Dec 26, bright, beautiful day. I see small object hovering over the road and joke to my daughter that it is a ufo. approaching at 65mph, about 30 degrees off the horizon. appears to be a craft or a balloon upon closer inspection; my daughter thinks it is a balloon. yet, it is hovering over the road, twisting in such a way that the sun reflected off a shiny silver metallic saucer shaped surface. The distinctive feature are cephalopod or propeller shaped appendages coming off the edge of the disc/saucer. they were metallic, not organic, but could have been inflated legs on a saucer shaped balloon. the object wavered but was otherwise stationary over the road during the time we approached it, about one minute in duration. my impression was of a small craft about 6 feet wide maybe 50 or 100 feet in the air. my daughter thought it was a balloon, but she has never seen a ufo before, while i have. the event had the surreal characteristics of seeing something 'impossible', in close proximity in bright daylight with no surrounding objects to obstruct the view. about ten minutes later we saw a small single engine airplane landing at about the same height off the ground, and the plane seemed at least ten times as large, maybe larger, making the ufo seem more the size of a large balloon. we lost sight of the object when we passed under it going down the road.

I would like to know of any other reporting of this event, as dozens of cars must have seen it, maybe hundreds. Thank-you.
