{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-20 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515434","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42724","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3234,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/434/mufon-5515434.json","updb_database_id":5515434}
{cak} Blinking lights fading in and out, disappearing/reappearing, shooting up vertically, and reapparering at a different part of the sky.

Location: Sea Bright beach in Sea Bright, NJ
Time: Approx 8:20pm
Weather: Very cloudy

My friend A who was visiting wanted to go to the beach to see the sunset, so I took her. It was quite cloudy so there wasnt much to see. We then ended up walking around the town a bit then eventually head back to the beach. We shortly after that went back to the car to remove the sand from our shoes. When I finished I looked up at the sky as something caught my eye. It was the brightest, biggest, and closest object in the sky. I never saw anything like it in my life and Ive lived in the area for an extremely long time. I could tell it wasnt a plane as it was not only too close to be a plane, but I saw planes in the sky at the time as thats usual to see at that beach due to an airport being nearby. It looked very star-like and couldnt tell its shape because all I saw was a very bright white light. I watched with A as it became brighter, then darker, completely disappearing, then progressively becoming brighter again. It did this for a little while until it out of no where rose into the sky vertically and shot up into the clouds and above. We shortly saw it reappear in the sky. I cant remember if it was still as close, or in the same place, but at this point I got out of the car to run toward it and try to get as close as possible. I couldnt get any closer due to the water in the ocean and it happened to be above the ocean which appeared to be a mile or few away with how big and bright it was. I saw it blink; becoming brighter, then dark, then brighter again. It ended up disappearing a few times and reappearing in different locations of the sky as well as shielding itself in the clouds. Sometimes we saw it move horizontally and Im not entirely sure, but I believe I saw red and green blinking lights when it did this, and I believe I saw an outline of a three-dimensional pyramid shape on the top and bottom. I also saw it either morphing into an airplane, or disappearing at that exact time so it seemed to have good cloaking abilities. The both of us watched this for about a half hour until we no longer saw it anymore in the sky, and couldnt find it reappearing anywhere else. Also, while on the beach as I got as close as possible to it, I heard this strange ambient-like sound that sounded a bit metallically. I certainly cannot explain it, didn't know what was causing it, or where it was coming from, but it was certainly a sound Ive never in my life heard on the beach before.
