{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-30 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485434","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74302","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3963,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/434/mufon-5485434.json","updb_database_id":5485434}
{dr}Star-like lights and shapes would move and then stop. Change direction mid-flight and then stop.

Ok so we, my wife her aunt and her aunt's boyfriend and my daughter and myself, all went out to my sisters house in Aledo, TX on Saturday night. Aledo is about five or six miles to the west of Ft. Worth and a couple miles south of I-20. Aledo is a small town and it's out in the country way away from city lights. It was a crystal clear night, not one cloud in the sky...beautiful night. We could see all the stars and lots of constellations. I even saw a couple shooting stars. We go in my sisters backyard with my brother-in-law and we laid down on the ground and just stared at the sky. My brother-in-law has been telling about these UFO's for several months, he said these have been going on since last summer almost on a nightly basis. So we all laid down and started looking and sure as anything we saw what he and my sister had been describing. These UFO's look just like stars....they just look like white dots in the sky. But right before they would start moving they would get really bright, at least as bright as the brightest star in the sky. Then it would move. Now, these things didn't just shoot across the sky but they moved what looked to be just inches across the sky. This is kind of difficult to describe due to the distance these things were but they would move what appeared to be inches across the sky. But the time that it took for them to move and the distance that they seemed to move indicated to me that these things were moving at incredibly high rates of speed. Its kind of like when you are driving down the highway and you are going 90 mph...things way out in the distance to your side seem to be moving really slow but in reality you are moving quickly. It was an illusion of speed kind of like that. These lights would get really bright and then start moving. Sometimes they would go in straight lines and then stop and just stay in the same spot. Sometimes they would move in zigzag patterns, sometimes they would be going in a straight line and then make a ninety-degree turn on the drop of a dime. Then sometimes they would also go in straight lines and then make circles! I know what I saw and what I saw was not of this world. There were four or five of these things. I don't know of anything else in this world that could move the way these objects moved and stop and turn the way these objects turned. I am of one of two opinions on what these things could have been. One: The government has finally been able to reverse engineer the alien technology that has been in their possession from all the UFO crashes that have happened here. They have finally been able to reverse engineer it, harness it and use it. Two: These are UFO's. Crafts and beings not of this world. I believe that what we had all seen was indeed UFO in origin. And just for the record no one was drinking or under the influence of any drugs. We were all stone cold sober. Thank you for taking the time to read my witness account. Anyone who is reading this and lives out in the area just look up at the sky and be still and patient. You will see these things. I couldn't get any picture or video of these because it was just way to dark and they were just way to far away. I did have another incredible UFO encounter when I was a teenager but that is for another time.
