{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530434","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25044","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2614,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/434/mufon-5530434.json","updb_database_id":5530434}
Have many photos of various colored and shaped objects.

Since December 25 2009, I have been taking photographs of the night sky,
That was the first time I photographed these objects, I was right outside behind my house. Usually I take thses photos after dark. They appear to move very quickly sometimes, and other times they appear to hover. When taking
off from a hover position, they appear like a shooting star, with a trail of flame behind them. Some nights you can't see them with the naked eye,
but upon taking pics with a flash they appear anywhere's from 1 to many
round spherical objects, other times you can see what appears to be different abject shaped objects lit any of many colors ranging from red,green, orange, yellow, blue, white. Any given night I can go outside and point my camera up to the sky and there is generally anywhere's from 1 to many. when I first saw these I was frightened, other times I thought I may have possibly seen things that may be secret machinery unknown to the general public. They make absolutely no sounds most of the time, and other times you can hear what sounds like a bunch of jets hovering a long ways up. Most objects appear to be anywheres from 200 to several thousand feet up. Some even as high as the stars. And they're not satellites, you can tell the difference, satellites move usually in one direction across the sky. One night I watched as one of these objects chased a jet. They
block out the stars when they are overhead and sometimes move very quickly.
A couple of times I've seen what appeared to be a star, and then it got brighter and brighter and actually lit me up.When I looked up it dimmed slowly and flew slowly away towards the north/northeast. In many of the photos that I have when you zoom them in, you can see beings inside, they look like people but some are green and other colors. This may be due to the colors inside the object.
