{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-10 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523434","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32522","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3149,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/434/mufon-5523434.json","updb_database_id":5523434}
Bright Orange/Gold Object In The Sky

To start with, I've been an amateur astronomer for 40 years, and am an experienced aircraft/satellite observer. Also well versed in spaceflight activities, both historical and current. 

Was at the neighbours visiting with friends. Following dinner, several of us were outside on the patio enjoying a warm, mostly clear Fall evening. Between 7:45 and 8:00 PM (approx) one person noticed an unusually bright object in the sky, approximately in the area of Hercules. I was the only person in the group with any experience in sky watching, and upon seeing the object, was surprised at its brightness. Everyone quickly moved to a different location to better view the object. 

My observations are the following: sighted approx 45 degrees in altitude and 280 degrees in azimuth. Very distinct orange/gold colour. Approx magnitude of minus 4 in brightness. Moving NNE. Brightness seemed to vary somewhat irregularly over spans of 2 - 6 seconds. There was at times what seemed like minor debris being liberated from the main body, but am unsure if that was an optical illusion - it was not significant in any regard. No significant train or plasma sheath visible. The object continued in what seemed to be a straight line until winking out, briefly reappearing, and then rapidly fading out at an altitude of approx 15 degrees almost due north in azimuth. The entire event lasted approx 2-3 minutes. The only comparable observable object is the ISS, but it certainly was not the ISS: the object was too bright and in the wrong trajectory. 

My initial response is that we had observed the very shallow or grazing re-entry of a spacecraft or rocket body. Although the colour was right for this conclusion, I found the lack of a debris train or plasma trail puzzling. I ruled out an aircraft, as any brilliant landing lights would not be visible as it moved away from our location (which was most of the observation), there was no sound, the colour was wrong, and it was not moving in the direction toward any airport within landing approach distance. Upon checking the web, no spacecraft passes brighter than magnitude 2.7 occurred in that period (including the ISS), and that level of dimness (2.7) would not have even been visible from the initial observation location. A second check with the Aerospace Corporation showed no expected spacecraft re-entries for the day. I cannot rule out a grazing meteorite, however the velocity would have been terribly slow for such a thing and I think it very unlikely.

I'm stumped...
