{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1951-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486434","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73276","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3954,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/434/mufon-5486434.json","updb_database_id":5486434}
Two events - 1rst lasted 30 minutes, 2nd lasted 15 minutes

Brandon, Manitoba (Canada)

Sighted on Saturday, August 1951
Shape: Disc | Duration: 30 minutes

NOTE: I originally sent a letter containing the following information to the Center for UFO Studies, Box 1402, Eviston, Illinois, USA c/o Dr. J. A. Hynek in the late 1970's or early 1980's. I never received confirmation that the letter was received.I have included the following account of my 1951 observation. PLACE: Brandon, Manitoba TIME: Saturday morning(7 am), Summer of 1951 LENGTH OF OBSERVATION: Approximately 30 minutes DESCRIPTION OF OBJECT: Saucer Shaped, Wingless Aircraft, 4 ft. to 6 ft. in diameter, 2 ft. to 3 ft. in height, bottom half: black, top half: clear canopy with a 1 ft. square black box centered under the canopy, no insignias on the craft. SPEED OF CRAFT: Varied from 0 mph to max. of 5 mph PROPULSION: No sound, smell, light or visible means of propulsion DESCRIPTION OF OBSERVATION: Me and another 5 year old boy (cannot recall his name) were playing catch with a ball in front of Fleming Elementary school located in south west Brandon, Manitoba. The craft was first observed by the other boy when he missed catching the ball that I had thrown to him. I asked him why he had missed the easy catch and he told me to look over my right shoulder into the sky. The object was first seen as round and black, about the size of a quarter, against a white cloud. The craft slowly descended until it reached about 30 ft above us and about 30 ft to the west. The craft was tilted on a 45 degree to the ground. It leveled off and stayed motionless for a few minutes. It then began to move at about 5 mph directly over our heads until it stopped across the street a few inches above some power lines. It wobbled slightly as it hovered in this position for about 30 minutes. During this time I threw a rock at the craft but was unable to reach it. I shouted to the other boy to notify some adults residing in the nearby houses but he did not want to leave the area. I started to feel afraid, thinking it might be a Russian bomb, and crossed the street to a park about 50 ft away from the craft and sat on the grass without taking my eyes off the craft. The craft hovered a few inches over the power lines. After about 20 minutes the craft started to move at a right angle NE away from the power lines at a speed of about 5 mph and ascended over my head, disappearing into the clouds. When I arrived home my father was angry. He told me that I was away from home for several hours and that I should learn to tell time. I was unaware that I was away for that length of time. The next morning, just before sunrise, I was visited in my bedroom by a man in black standing at the foot of my bed. I heard a sound, which woke me up, like many bees buzzing. Small, lit dust-like particles were swarming at the foot of my bed. The particles converged forming the image of the man in black. At first he was translucent, ghost-like, and wore a black suit. He then became solid. He had white hair in a pompadore style. He did not make a noise but moved his right arm in a slow upward motion of greeting. A whiteish, blue light was emitted from his direction. I was so scared that I hid under the covers of my bed in terror. I must of finally fell asleep and when I awoke everything was back to normal.
