{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-16 21:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503434","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55509","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3246,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/434/mufon-5503434.json","updb_database_id":5503434}
{cak} two lights 7 seconds apart heading in two different directions

about 10pm on Wednesday April 16th, I went out to have a smoke before going to bed. Walked into my back yard and looked up at the stars. Being in salt lake the stars were a little faded because of light pollution. I was thinking what a beautiful night it would be away from the city. I looked to the east towards the Wasatch mountains, Through a black walnut tree(no leaves yet) I saw a bright light. slightly red, My first thought was that I was looking at MARS...then I thought that is too far north for mars so I looked slightly south through a Box elder tree and saw MARS. I looked back at the light while reaching for my phone to find out what star it was, when it began to move, south and east. at about a 40 degree angle to the horizon. Slowly at first then faster as it faded to a pinpoint and disappeared. I wasn't sure what I had just seen so I sat there for a few seconds pondering what it could have been when another light appeared and began to move in the same way. this time traveling at about the same speed but in the north easterly direction and about 30 degrees to the horizon doing exactly the same distance across the sky(approximately 5")maybe the width of a softball held at arms length. The lights faded to a pinpoint then disappeared both times giving me the impression that it was Ascending VERY FAST. At first I thought that the light went behind a cloud, but where they both disappeared I could still see stars. The whole sighting lasted about 20 seconds. not enough time to get video or pictures. I watched for about another 5 minutes Phone ready for video(enough time to finish my smoke) and didn't see anything more. I pondered what this could have been. I know it was not a meteor, Plane, Rocket or Helicopter. It traveled in a straight line that gave me the Impression it was going UP at an angle.

My background.
I have been around aviation my entire life. 3 years at the SL international airport as a ground maintenance mechanic. 
I have Flown most of my working life, over a million miles in airplanes,
I worked for ATK Thiokol for over 20 years, 5 of those working on launch pads at cape Canaveral and Vanderburgh AFB.
I am an avid space lover, been looking at night sky's my whole life. 
I have an AAS degree in manufacturing. 
I love to watch meteor showers and plan camping trips around the times when they are active. 
I have NEVER seen anything I could not explain until last night.

If you could come up with an explanation I would appreciate it. I am mainly reporting this in the event someone else saw the same thing and reported it.
