{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-02-10 03:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503595","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55335","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4305,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/595/mufon-5503595.json","updb_database_id":5503595}
{nd} ufos over nuclear missle sites

This is hearsay but a persistent story on a USAF base in Missouri that controlled nuclear missiles, in 1968. There were supposedly multiple occurrences. It was told to me by someone whose job it was to provide security for the missiles. I am repeating what I was told and did not hear this first hand, witness anything or know the people involved. The person who told this to me also was not there during any event but because he worked in security, he knew the other men in security who were involved in these incidents and that is how he knew about it. This makes my knowledge second-hand. This is the story:

There were many missile sites with many alarms. A security team had to investigate whenever an alarm was tripped. They had to go no matter what time it was. Usually it was nothing; an animal; debris; a local person. However at times, the security team leader would get on the radio all excited and reported a UFO at the missile site. I do not know what he reported exactly. Lights? A craft? Hovering? on the ground? But what is sure is that it must have been something very strange to make him call in all excited. These guys, although very young, were trying to be professional, were usually annoyed or slightly pissed and at 3, 4 or 5 AM, they weren't getting too excited about much. Also, many of them were aware of how something like that would be viewed and they did NOT want to see the base shrink. Anyway, they'd call this in and described what they were seeing. The person on the other end of the radio was usually a sergeant who worked closely with them. There was one sergeant who became very interested in this and even when off duty, asked to be called whenever a UFO was called in. After the security team returned to base, they were taken away for debriefing. Sometimes this interested sergeant got to them first. Once they were removed, no one ever saw them again. Since I did not know them and did not work alongside them I cannot verify this. I was also not aware of constant replacements coming in, but then this could very well go on without my being aware of it. According to the story, this happened pretty often, periodically, such as two a month, then skip a month or 6 weeks and then another incident, then skip two months, etc. Like that, periodically but consistently. This story also maintains that these same 19 & 20 year old Airmen First Class and "buck" sergeants kept being sent out and no higher authority or stronger fire power or more sophisticated equipment sent out. Of course there could have been some other response on the quiet but why wouldn't one of the security team members say, that someone else was also there to respond? Was the person who told me this pulling my leg? He did not get a strong reaction from me. He did not try to tease me for listening. Some of the guys came and told me other things because I think they saw me as someone who listened and maybe was a bit more sophisticated and a bit outside the box so to speak. This person was always serious when telling me about these incidents, he seemed concerned and we were alone. He put a lot of detail into the story, such as the interested sergeant who asked to be called. He named the guys who were taken away but since I did not know them, the names were meaningless to me. He tried to help me identify them and would say you know him, he's the one, blah, blah, but I couldn't place the guys he mentioned. Could he have been fooling? Of course. But my gut says he wasn't.
When I learned that there have been other incidents in other parts of the country at different times of UFOs reported over nuclear sites, such as in Maine, I decided to submit this story.
