{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-12-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471595","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88871","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2620,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/595/mufon-5471595.json","updb_database_id":5471595}
{rjl} My kid thought was a shooting star and had me to come look and we observed 2 more @ 9pm for 6 mins have 5 min video was witnessed by wife and other daughter also

We had just came in from a Christmas funtion. My 15 year old had left her earbuds at the swing in the back yard and went to get them. She came in excited and told us there was a shooting star and insisted we come look. I told her it had to be gone already and she replied I'm looking at it right now it stopped. I went into the back yard and saw an orange round ball colored like a distant campfire. It was overcast and this thing was under the cloud level. It was bright but not enough to hurt your eyes. It was silent and mildly pulsating. It was about 500 feet away just under cloud level 500 feet high or so. I initially thought it was a Chinese lantern but it was a HUGE one. It continued to move off after about a minute. It had stopped in plain sight and had been there long enough that I became very aware that it was not normal. After it had moved out about a half mile or so the second one came into sight following the same trajectory but closer to our location. It didn't stop but I could see more detail on it. The first one seemed to wait on it as it had stopped and the second one went to it. Then the third one following the same trajectory but was nearly over head of us at 500 ft or less came over and I could see extreme detail. It was a sphere with a smaller sphere inside of it at about the 7 or 8 o'clock position and a third the size of the outer sphere. There was a soft orange haze around it- it was dead quiet. There was trailing behind it but wasn't much and it was in the same color of orange. It looked like shinning a light through an egg and being able to see the shell,white and yolk. The other two had ascended and were barely visible and when the last one got almost to them they all 3 continued to gather and disappeared from sight. I videod over 5 minutes of the sighting but it's no comparison to how it looked in person.
