{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-07-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481595","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78413","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5263,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/595/mufon-5481595.json","updb_database_id":5481595}
The object was a number of pure white solid, same sized spheres; equidistantly connected together by undetectable flexible tethers having independent movements from the central point.

As usual on Saturdays I was house cleaning. I went out back to the deck for a rest, facing east I sat down and put my feet up as I leaned back to rest. 

What first made me notice the object was that as I was leaning back, looking ahead at the sky the object came into my right side peripheral view. A guesstimate is that the object was about maybe two and a half avenues east of my location and no more than one thousand feet high. It would have been underneath any cloud cover if there had been clouds.

My initial thought was the object though unusual likely had to be a weather balloon. I always presumed weather balloons were a single ball and for some reason thought they had connected a few balloons together. 

The object was actually a number of very bright white solid balls or spheres (referred to as 1the object1) moving along a south to north course across the sky. This is the same path as the avenues which more or less begin at the river which is a boundary between Canada and the US.

During this period, at any given time and as though slightly blowing in the breeze, some spheres moved closer together; moving further apart; or moving slightly upwards or downwards; and, a number of times the spheres seemed to all have pushed together forming the shape of cocktail sausage. Although not detectable, these spheres appeared equidistantly tethered together, maybe about an eight foot circumference; and, moved along a fixed horizontal, south to north course. I did not detect any type of mechanical or other noise coming from the object.

The computer was just inside the back door and I quickly Googled weather balloons. From all the images the single ball thought seemed correct. I thought it odd that the object was traveling on a straight even path and knew enough that even though it was not windy out there are air currents that would cause a balloon of any sort to be tossed around in most if not all directions. With my binoculars I went outside again. 

I called my roommate outside to have a look. She said to Google it and I asked her, but Google what. She said Google an unidentified flying jellyfish as the movement of the individual spheres reminded her how jellyfish would move. This movement was the only resemblance to jellyfish 1 the object was clearly a number of more or less solid white balls or spheres, seemingly equidistantly loosely tethered together.

During this time, I called a family member who lived across the railway tracks and a couple blocks further down the avenue. I asked him what a weather balloon looks like. I asked him to watch for the object as at that point it was to the left (north) and past the railway tracks. I presumed it would continue on as it had been doing for at least the past 20-30 minutes. I went back in to do my housework.

For reference, there was just one house between my home and the railway track. The railway track comes into town from the east at maybe about a 35 degree angle. 

Between about two to three and a half hours later I was on the phone with a friend and told her about what I had seen. She asked if I had taken pictures which I had not as I thought it was most likely a weather balloon. She asked if the object was still there.

I went outside, looked up and the object was hovering above the railway tracks. My friend said to take a picture which knocked me into action. I ran inside, grabbed my camera and back out again, just seconds. The object was almost out of view, it had to have shot straight up to about the height jets fly and then out of sight. 

Stepping back onto the deck to see the object just hovering and then again with camera in hand was when the curiosity of the experience turned to eeriness. There was no way to put this into context. I had the strange thought the object was aware of me and that I was about to take pictures. My friend laughed and said this sounds like a fish tale.

At that time, my perception that unusual objects in the sky were typically disc shaped and occurred at night. Over the past years I have watched television shows discussing these types of experiences or sightings. In the past week I viewed a number of shows that prompted me to present my experience. The last straw in this was during a show where some people had been discussing their daytime sighting and one of them said to go in to get their camera and take pictures. When that person went back outside with their camera, the object had shot out of view.
