{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-04-25 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468595","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91972","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2535,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/595/mufon-5468595.json","updb_database_id":5468595}
{td} She felt a strong pressure wave, then heard a huge

I was at home, the windows were open. I was crocheting and listening to an audiobook. My cats were lying around the room, it was quiet and calm. Suddenly there was what felt like an explosion (no sound) and then a huge thud on the ground, which I felt, rather than heard. My cats ran to the windows. I went over and looked out, but did not see or hear anything. I stood there for a minute or so before I thought to look up. I saw what I thought were planes, very far off, almost directly overhead. There were at least five, all the same size, all had white lights and possibly red. The lights were blinking, which is why I thought they were planes. They were so far up that I could not discern the shape, but they looked identical. I remember wondering if they were extraterrestrial they might know I was watching. As I was thinking about that they seemed to multiply...in only a few seconds there were more than 20, I could no longer count or keep track of them. They moved in various directions, but each in a straight path. I went outside and watched them for another 5 or 6 minutes before I came back in. I watched from indoors another minute or two. They were still there when I stopped watching, but had spread out a good bit. I thought at the time that the air traffic was unusually heavy, and I1d never seen planes clustered together that way. The more I thought about it the more unlikely it seemed that they actually were planes. I asked around, and searched online, but did not find any other witnesses to what had happened. It happened around 7 or 8 pm, the sky was very clear, and the sun was setting. I was facing north east, but the objects were almost directly overhead. Initially I dismissed the event as air traffic, but I have not been able to stop thinking about it and have been watching the skies more since that evening. I have yet to see anything like it again.
