{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-01-02 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456595","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104990","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2683,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/595/mufon-5456595.json","updb_database_id":5456595}
the evening of 2 January 1978

the evening of 2 January 1978, I was in the company of some friends and we were walking along the road that connects two towns in the province of Milan (ITALY) when looking at the stars in a clean sky evening everything suddenly darkened a dark shadow of form an oval with gigantic dimensions approached from the south in a northerly direction, I don't know exactly at what height and speed.
in a few seconds we heard a ringing in our ears and in three we apparently fainted and when I woke up I was left alone, realizing that I had vomited and more from my intestine.
when I got home I discovered that at least two hours had passed and my mechanical watch was stopped and it didn't work anymore.
in the morning I decided to contact the others in the group and nobody remembered the fact that happened in the evening or didn't want to talk about it!
I returned to the place where the event happened and there were the technicians of the local electricity company who restored 8 light poles, I then went to the local police to make a complaint but they did not believe my story, however they held back the my watch without any receipt telling me they would get it back to me soon.
I never managed to get it back to me and they threatened to report me for the damage to the light poles ... I was 17 at the time, I got scared and I never looked for news even though I was contacted a few months later Airplane club of Italy, which at that time controlled the flight records, asked me questions that I didn't know how to answer and if I didn't answer they would report me for forgery. I didn't know anything after these events, I kept everything inside myself and found that I stayed with a pierced eardrum in my left ear that evening.
I have decided to divulge this experience now because I have been dreaming of what happened in 1977 for months and maybe it's time to let it know.
sorry for my english i'm using the google translator.

Giorgio Sommariva
