{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-12T05:16:42Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 25, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 6042015, "source_file": "Whitepapers/Sonic Analysis of the Redlands UFO Tape Recording.pdf", "source_sha256": "763536ee740fc29e85aaf407346e0891316ae7c77ba4479b7a39d20a1220afe2"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 322, "chars": 2190, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Journal of Scientific Exploration, Vol. 30, No. 2, pp. 175-198, 2016
0892-3310/16
RESEARCH ARTICLE
Sonic Analysis of the Redlands UFO Tape Recording
WILLIAM F. KRUPKE
Pleasanton, California, USA
bkrupke@comcast.net
Submitted December 8, 2015; Accepted March 1, 2016; Published June 15, 2016
Abstract-The February 4, 1968, UFO sighting at Redlands, California,
was accompanied by an intense, distinctive sound that was recorded as a
background sound on a magnetic tape recording being made by Reverend
Julian Vigh at the Bethel Christian Church. A rescue Emergency Vehicle (EV),
with its siren operating, happened to be deployed in Redlands at the time
of the UFO sightings. An inquiry by several Redlands University professors
attributed the background sound on the Vigh recording to the EV siren.
Reported here for the first time is an independent, comprehensive, detailed
sonic analysis of the tape background sound and the EV siren, originally
prepared in 1969, and intended for inclusion as an independent technical
appendix in a book on the Redlands UFO sightings then in preparation.
That book was never completed and published. The result of detailed tape
analysis concurred with Professor Seff's conclusion that the EV siren was
the source of background sound on the Vigh tape; however, a number of
sonic anomalies in the time dependence of sound intensity and Doppler
shift were identified and quantified.
Description of the Redlands Case
The Redlands UFO Sighting
On February 4, 1968, just before 7:30 p.m., a disk-shaped UFO was
suddenly visible over Redlands, California. The object moved erratically,
at one point hovering low over the ground. It was witnessed by more than
one hundred people as it traveled overhead. Although it was dark outside,
the UFO was visible because it had seven lights on its base, like jets, and
also a row of lights on the top, alternating in color between red and green
(see artist's conception based on witness interviews, Figure 1). After about
five minutes it moved rapidly to the northwest and vanished. The UFO was
visible long enough, and had sufficient apparent size, for the witnesses to
provide consistent descriptions of its appearance.

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 287, "chars": 1925, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
176
William F. Krupke
Figure 1. Artist's drawing based on witness interviews of the Redlands 1968
event. Credit: John Brownfield. Aerial Phenomena Research Organization.
During the sightings, animals were reportedly upset, and many
witnesses also described a peculiar sound characterized as high-pitched
and modulated-coincident with the UFO. The odd sound was caught on
tape by a minister who was recording his sermon during services in a church.
A group of four professors from the University of Redlands, who
had agreed to assist the University of Colorado UFO study, then ongoing,
immediately set about investigating the case, interviewing dozens of
witnesses, gathering drawings, and looking into the recorded sound. They
were Dr. Philip Seff (geology), Dr. Judson Sanderson (mathematics), Dr.
Reinhold Krantz (chemistry), and John Brownfield (art). Altogether they
devoted three months to their inquiry.
Witness descriptions were consistent enough to detail the object and its
path. The team's calculations indicated that the object was about 50 feet in
diameter, and at its closest approach was about 300 feet above the ground.
They mapped the UFO's path across Redlands and its eventual departure to
the northwest. They considered alternative explanations and searched for
additional data, contacting the local Norton Air Force Base for any radar
data. Nothing unusual was detected on radar, but they discovered that due
to low altitude, neither a UFO nor a plane over Redlands would have been
detectable at that distance from the radar site.
The team determined that the odd, recorded sound was from an
emergency rescue vehicle that was driving in the same area of Redlands
where the UFO was being observed. Regarding the UFO itself, their final
conclusion was that the object could not be explained by any conventional,
astronomical, or other natural source, and the case was categorized by them
as "unidentified."

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 448, "chars": 2905, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sonic Analysis of Redlands UFO Recording
177
Sonic Analysis of the Redlands UFO Tape Recording
Introduction
This report deals with the sonic analysis of a number of sounds involved in
the sighting of an unidentified flying object (UFO) in Redlands, California,
at about 7:20 p.m., on February 4, 1968. Numerous witnesses reported that
the UFO emitted an intense warbling sound with a quality unlike that of any
sound within their previous personal experiences. At 7:17 p.m. on the same
evening, an unusual warbling sound pervaded the main hall of the Bethel
Christian Church of Redlands as Reverand Julian Vigh offered a prayer
during his Sunday evening service: This warbling sound was recorded as a
background sound on the magnetic tape used by Reverend Vigh to record
his service. The voice of Reverend Vigh is the dominant sound source
on the Vigh tape recording. The unidentified sound is a relatively weak
background sound, which is prominent only during pauses in Reverend
Vigh's prayer. This sound first becomes audible at the end of the phrase "...
empowered by Thy spirit and together are led by Him..."
", and time from
perception is measured from this instant. The sound is audible for about
80 seconds, vanishing at the end of the phrase "
... we deserve nothing
because we ...". During these 80 seconds, there are about 15 pauses in the
prayer of one or two seconds duration and it was during these pauses that
the characteristics of the unidentified sound were studied. Qualitatively, this
sound can be described as a warble of moderate pitch (corresponding to the
musical note "E" above standard "A"). The sound conveys a pronounced
discordant quality suggesting the presence of slightly differing frequency
components as well as some higher-frequency overtones. The sound seems
to be the product of an electronic device, and while not simple in structure,
it is clearly less complex than human speech. The relative simplicity of the
sound waveform was expected to permit meaningful quantification of the
characteristics of the sound using techniques of sonic analysis.
At approximately the same time that the aforementioned event was
occurring, an emergency rescue vehicle was being called from Redlands to
the scene of an accident north of Redlands. It is known that a warble type of
siren was used on the emergency vehicle (EV) and that the EV passed along
a known course in the immediate vicinity of the Bethel Christian Church
This siren can be operated in three standard modes, each of which is selected
by positioning a rotary switch. The modes are I) wail, 2) whelp, and 3) wail
burst. (These names are those of the owners of the siren). The wail mode
is characterized by a pure sonorous tone with a slowly varying amplitude.
The whelp mode is characterized by a rapid modulation of intensity and a
complex pitch structure, qualitatively similar to the unidentified sound. The
177

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 403, "chars": 2516, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
178
William F. Krupke
pitch of the whelp mode is considerably lower than that of the wail mode.
and the auditory responses to these two modes are completely different. The
third mode, wail burst, is essentially the wail mode issuing from the siren
for only a brief interval when the horn ring is depressed. Because of the
known activity of this acoustic source during the time interval of interest,
this study sought the answers to three major questions:
1. Was the EV siren the acoustic source that produced the sound recorded
on the Vigh tape?
2. Are the variations in time of the intensity and spectral power density
of the unidentified sound on the Vigh tape those expected for the
radiating siren moving along the known path of the EV?
3. Was the EV siren the acoustic source responsible for the intense
sounds reported by at least two specific witnesses of the February 4,
1968, event?
To aid in this quest, the EV was put through a rerun that simulated the
EV run made on July 12, 1969; recordings were made and analyzed of the
sounds produced at the Bethel Christian Church and at two other locations in
Redlands where extremely intense sound effects were reported the night of
the UFO sightings. The rerun was deemed essential to the complete analysis
of the Vigh tape because the acoustic environment in which the Vigh tape was
recorded was complex. The intensity and frequency distributions recorded
were shaped by the motion of the source relative to the recording location
and by acoustic properties of the terrain between source and receiver. The
rerun recording would serve as source material for direct comparison with
the Vigh recording. Recordings of the siren with the EV stationary were
also made to act as a source reference that was not subject to Doppler shift.
An answer to the first question was provided by characterizing both
the unidentified sound and the siren warble with respect to the following
parameters: 1) Average Carrier Frequency; 2) Amplitude Modulation Rate;
3) Frequency Modulation Rate: 4) Frequency Modulation Bandwidth; 5)
Overtone and Harmonic Content.
The experimental methods and results of these detailed
sets of
measurements can be accessed in the report written by the author in 1969,
published here as supplemental material online. Both the sound of the EV
siren operating in the whelp mode and the Vigh tape unidentified sound
are characterized by carriers of nominally the same frequency (700 Hz),
the same AM and FM modulation rates, the same FM bandwidth, and,

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 402, "chars": 2623, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sonic Analysis of Redlands UFO Recording
179
to the extent studied, a similar overtone structure. On the basis of these
correspondences, and on the relatively small variability of the EV siren
signature, the acoustic source of the unidentified sound on the Vigh tape is
determined to be the EV siren operating in the whelp mode, in agreement
with Professor Seff's conclusion.
The second question above was addressed by measuring sound intensity
and average carrier frequency as a function of time for both the Vigh and
EV rerun recordings. The rerun sound intensity distributions were used to
verify the validity of a relatively simple model of sound propagation for
a moving source; this model was then used to interpret the distributions
obtained for the unidentified sound. The field recordings of the rerun made
at sites occupied by two sets of witnesses permitted some quantitative
comments on the answer to the third question above.
Unidentified Sound Recording
The upper panel of Figure 2 shows the average relative intensity of the
unidentified sound on the Vigh tape as a function of time from perception.
The lower panel of Figure 2 shows the average carrier frequency over the
same time interval. The standard deviations of the measurements of intensity
and average carrier frequency are included using error bars. The average
carrier frequency is seen to decrease monotonically from about 714 Hz at
perception to 590 Hz at extinction, a drop of more than 120 Hz. The carrier
frequency is essentially constant for the first 18 seconds, and then decreases
linearly for the next 11 seconds. The carrier remains nearly constant for
an additional 9 seconds, and finally decreases rapidly for the remaining 30
seconds of audibility.
The intensity rises very rapidly to a peak 18 seconds after perception,
drops rapidly for the next 7 seconds, and reaches a second lower peak at 32
seconds. The intensity drops only slightly during the next 20 seconds, finally
passing through a third peak at 69 seconds. The sound is imperceptible 80
seconds after perception.
Rerun Simulation of the EV Rescue Run of February 4, 1968
At 9:20 p.m. on July 12, 1969, a rerun simulating the emergency rescue
EV run of February 4, 1968, was made by the same operator using the
same EV and siren. The prime purpose of the EV rerun was to make a
tape recording in the Bethel Christian Church of the sound produced by
he Ev siren as it moved along the identical path driven on February 4.
1968. From this tape, quantitative studies of the sound intensity and average
carrier frequency perceived at the Church could be made and compared
179

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 99, "chars": 718, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
180
William F. Krupke
1.6
RELATIVE INTENSITY
1.2
18
1.4
720
700
{ STANDARD DEVIATION
AVERAGE CARRIER FREQUENCY, Hz
680
660
640
620
600
580
20
40
60
TIME FROM PERCEPTION, SECONDS
80
Figure 2. Intensity and average carrier frequency distributions of unidentified
source.
with sound emitted from the EV siren. These recorded quantities depend
on the geometry followed by the EV, the velocity and acceleration of the
EV as a function of time, the acoustic properties of the terrain between the
EV and the Church, and the acoustic properties of the Church hall itself.
Since it was felt that the original run could be simulated to a high degree
of approximation, it was fully expected that rerun distributions of intensity

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 496, "chars": 3067, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sonic Analysis of Redlands UFO Recording
181
and frequency would bear marked similarity to those recorded on the Vigh
tape. In this way, many factors affecting the recorded distributions, such
as scattering and reflecting surfaces in the terrain, which cannot be easily
accounted for in simple propagation models, can be appraised. Additional
analysis was also performed based on the Doppler effect that describes the
shift in frequency of a moving source as perceived by a stationary receiver.
The shift in frequency from that emitted depends only on the component of
velocity of the moving source along a line joining the source and receiver
(e.g., the radial velocity). If the source emits a constant known frequency
and moves along a known path with respect to the receiver, then the received
frequency distribution in time is a unique record of the motion of the source
giving both the position and the speed at every instant.
In order to fully document the rerun, nine tape recorders were used. A
professional portable tape recorder was carried in the EV during the entire
rerun to record the siren output. This tape recording was not subject to
Doppler shifting of the siren carrier due to the motion of the EV, and could
be used to measure any variation of the siren properties during the rerun.
The true ground speed of the EV was noted and written down in a log every
five seconds in order to provide an independent record of the motion of the
EV. These speeds could later be compared with the speeds deduced for the
EV from the Doppler measurements. Six recorders were deployed in and
around the Church. Reverend Vigh's tape recorder was adjusted to record
at the same level (a fixed level he always uses for recording services) as on
February 4, 1968. The microphone originally used by Reverend Vigh was
stolen sometime between February 4, 1968, and July 12, 1969, and replaced
with a similar microphone, which was used during the rerun. Reverend Vigh
gave a voice level sample prior to the rerun for approximate calibration of
the absolute sound level. Two tape recorders were adjusted for maximum
gain with microphones placed close to the pulpit microphone used by
Reverend Vigh. Yet another recorder was operated at normal sensitivity
with a similar microphone location. Two additional recorders were used
to record the sound outside the Church. In one case the microphone was
located on the eastern end of the Church facing east, and in the other case
the microphone was located on the northern side of the Church facing east.
Finally, two recorders were placed in locations away from the Church where
witnesses reported having had intense acoustic experiences on the evening
of February 4, 1968. One such location was at 1140 Columbia Street, and the
other was at the corner of Texas Street and Pioneer Avenue. To synchronize
the EV recorder with those at the Church, two stopwatches were started
simultaneously before the rerun; one was retained at the Church and the
other was taken on board the EV. Start marks were placed on all of the tapes
181

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 457, "chars": 2945, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
182
William F. Krupke
at precisely 9:21 p.m., permitting temporal correlations among the tapes to
about 0.5 seconds, the maximum transport speed error over 4 minutes.
Figure 3 shows the geometry of the EV motion path the evening of
February 4, 1968, in relation to the Bethel Christian Church. The Bethel
Christian Church is located on the southwest corner of Clay Street and
W. Lugonia Avenue (Lugonia Avenue changes from W. Lugonia Avenue
to E. Lugonia Avenue at Orange Street). The Church lies about 660 feet
west of the major intersection of Orange Street and E. Lugonia Avenue.
The EV proceeded due west along E. Lugonia Avenue, directly toward the
Bethel Christian Church, slowed to make a right turn at Orange Street, and
proceeded directly north for several miles on Orange Street. The four trathe
lanes of W. and E. Lugonia Avenue provide an unobstructed channel along
which the sound emitted from the siren coming along E. Lugonia Avenue
can propagate without appreciable absorption or scattering. The terrain
east of the Church and on the south side of E. Lugonia Avenue is open
for the most part with a tennis court on the corner of Clay Street and E.
Lugonia Avenue. Only one relatively large structure is situated between the
Bethel Christian Church and Orange Street, a building on the south side
of W. Lugonia Avenue between Washington and Orange Streets. On the
north side of W. Lugonia Avenue between Clay and Washington Streets,
there are four frame houses with tall trees in front of them on the tree
belt. Between Washington and Orange Streets on the north side, there is a
concrete building set back from W. Lugonia Avenue and extending 350 feet
up Orange Street. The entire block from Clay to Orange Streets extending
1200 feet to the north is filled with frame structures, completely obscuring
objects on Orange Street north of W. Lugonia Avenue from an observer at
the Bethel Church.
The 1140 Columbia Street location (a witness location) is some 1800
feet from the intersection of Orange Street and E. Lugonia Avenue, and is
acoustically shielded at ground level from this intersection by many homes.
Figure 4 shows the intensity and average carrier frequency of the EV
siren recorded at the Church as a function of time from perception (note that
the time scales used in Figures 2 and 4 are the same and may be directly
compared). The error bars give the standard deviations of the measurements,
and the solid curve joins the experimental points without smoothing.
Contrary to expectations, the rerun distributions of intensity and frequency
are markedly different from those obtained from the Vigh tape. In particular,
the EV siren was audible at the Church for only 40 seconds during the rerun
as compared with 80 seconds on the Vigh tape, despite the fact that both
sounds had nominally the same maximum intensity, and that the rerun tape
had a much better signal-to-noise ratio than the Vigh tape. There is also a

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 127, "chars": 883, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sonic Analysis of Redlands UFO Recording
183
NORTH
A u (t)
u tan h
Urad
R (t)
-
S (t)
EV PATH
- +
330'
330'
LUGONIA
CLAY
WASH
ORANGE
Figure 3. EV motion path in relation to the Bethel Christian Church the evening
of February 4, 1968, and the geometry of intensity model parameters.
marked difference in the relationship of the carrier frequency distribution
to the intensity distribution. In the EV rerun, the maximum intensity occurs
near the lowest measured frequency, whereas in the Vigh distributions, the
maximum intensity occurs near the highest measured frequency. In view of
these anomalies, an analytic model was developed to describe the measured
EV rerun distributions in terms of the known kinetic motion of the EV.
Consider first the qualitative features of the EV rerun distributions. The
intensity rises to a maximum thirty seconds after perception and then drops
183

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 158, "chars": 1031, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
184
William F. Krupke
1.2
RELATIVE INTENSITY
0.8
0.4
0.0
AVERAGE CARRIER FREQUENCY, Hz
to + 60
fo
- EXPERIMENTAL DATA -
- CALCULATIONS
20
40
TIME FROM PERCEPTION, SECONDS
60
Figure 4. Measured intensity and average carrier frequency distributions of the
EV siren during the rerun on July 12, 1969, and modeled intensity and
Doppler carrier frequency distributions.
off much more rapidly than the rise during the next ten seconds. There are
two main reasons for the more rapid fall than rise. First, the siren emits
sound preferentially in the forward direction—it is mounted atop the EV
facing toward. When the EV was approaching the Church along E. Lugonia
Avenue, the sound emitted toward the Bethel Christian Church was constant
in intensity, and the rate of increase in sound intensity at the Church was
determined by the speed of the EV; as soon as the EV turned the corner at
Orange Street, the actual intensity of sound emitted in the direction of the
Church decreased due to the siren anisotropy, resulting in an immediate

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 450, "chars": 2822, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sonic Analysis of Redlands UFO Recording
185
reduction in perceived intensity at the Church. Second, while the EV was on
E. Lugonia Avenue, the emitted sound propagated directly down the street;
upon turning north on Orange Street, the sound level dropped sharply in the
time it took the EV to move from the corner into the sound shadow provided
by the building on the corner of E. Lugonia Avenue and Orange Street.
The lower graph in Figure 4 shows average carrier frequency shift of
the siren malfunction mode measured at the Bethel Church. The malfunction
mode carrier was used for analysis here because its simple FM structure
greatly facilitated the data reduction. Measurements on the tape recordings
made in the EV showed that the siren emitted a constant average carrier
frequency in this mode of 780 Hz. When first perceived at the Bethel
Christian Church, the carrier frequency recorded at the Church was 840
Hz, a shift of 60 Hz above that emitted; it drops very smoothly to zero
shift 29 seconds after perception, corresponding to the time when the EV
turned north on Orange street. Thereafter, the received frequency shifted
below that emitted, indicating that the source was then moving (radially)
away from the Church. The intensity dropoff is so fast at this point that only
two measurements of carrier frequency could be made for the EV directed
northward on Orange Street. The EV was visually observed to reach the
corner of E. Lugonia Avenue and Orange Street at 9:25:29 stopwatch time.
The instant of zero Doppler shift on the Church recordings was determined
to be 9:25:30, stopwatch time. Thus all of the measurements made during
the rerun could be correlated to within one second.
Consider next the quantitative correlation of the intensity distribution
with the carrier frequency distribution of the EV rerun. The Doppler shifted
frequency, f. perceived by a stationary listener from a source emitting a
frequency, f, and moving with velocity, u(t), is given by
(1)
where c is the speed of sound (755 mph at 72 °F) and wad is the component
of the source velocity, u(t), in the direction of the listener, e.g., the radial
velocity (u
rad Is taken as positive when the source moves toward the
receiver). Since the Doppler shift depends only on the radial component of
velocity, it is useful to break up the analysis into two parts: first, when the
EV is on E. Lugonia Avenue, and second, when the EV is on Orange Street.
In the first case, the motion of the EV is always directly toward the Church,
so that the radial component of velocity is just the ground speed of the EV.
Each of the measured Doppler frequencies shown in Figure 4 was inserted
in Equation (I) and the corresponding speed of the source determined. For
example, six seconds after perception the perceived frequency was shifted
185

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 362, "chars": 2368, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
186
William F. Krupke
60 Hz above the emitted frequency (to 840 Hz from 780 Hz). This shift
corresponds to a ground speed of 54 mph toward the Church. The speed
of the EV logged during the rerun at this same instant (counting from the
start marks) was recorded as 55 mph. Each of the EV speeds computed
from the measured Doppler shifts agreed with the entries in the log within
accuracy of measurement. This result, of course, is at it should be; and it
demonstrates the important result that the siren was sufficiently stable during
the rerun to permit the state of motion of the EV to be described by Doppler
measurements. Simple numerical calculations showed that the speed of the
EV while on E. Lugonia Avenue can be expressed as the following analytic
function of time:
u(t) = 78 - 0.1412 (1)?
0≤ t≤24
(2)
where u(t) is the ground speed of the EV in feet/second at the instant t,
and the variable t has the value of zero six seconds after perception. This
equation is valid from the time of the first Doppler measurement in Figure
4 until the EV reached the corner of E. Lugonia Avenue and Orange Street.
The instantaneous EV acceleration during this interval, a(t), is found by
differentiating u(t) with respect to time:
a(t) = - 0.2824 (t) 0≤t ≤ 24
(3)
where at) is in feet/(second). Equation (3) shows that the EV decel-
eration increased linearly with time as it approached the corner. The
instantaneous distance of the EV from the Church, Rt), is the integral
of u(t) with respect to time, with the constant of integration fixed by the
requirement that R = 660 feet when u = 0.
R(t) = 1882 - 78 (t) + 0.0471 (t)? 0≤t≤24
(4)
where R(t) is in feet. Equation (4) shows that the EV was 1882 feet from
the Church when the first Doppler frequency measurement was made six
seconds after perception; assuming that the EV speed was a constant 54
mph during the first six seconds of perception, the EV is computed to have
been 2300 feet from the Church when first perceived. To show that these
equations are an accurate representation of the kinetic motion of the EV on
E. Lugonia Avenue, u(t) in Equation (2) was inserted into Equation (I) for
rad(t) and the Doppler profile f(t) was computed. The calculated Doppler
distribution, shown by the dotted curve in the lower half of Figure 4, is an
accurate replication of the measured Doppler distribution. Having estab-

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 407, "chars": 2687, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sonic Analysis of Redlands UFO Recording
187
lished an analytic expression for the distance of the EV from the Church,
the intensity distribution recorded at the Bethel Christian Church can now
be computed. At a distance R(t), the intensity of an acoustic wave of carrier
frequency f, propagating in a medium with a specific absorption coefficient
B(f), at the frequency f, is
(t) = k(c) 1, IR(t)) exp I-B(t) R(t]
(5)
where I.
!, is the emitted intensity and k(o) is a parameter which describes
the angular dependence of the radiated power (o is the angle between the
direction of motion of the EV and the receiver). While the EV was on E.
Lugonia Avenue, the angle c is a constant and equal to zero, so that k (0) =
constant for 0 ≤ t ≤ 24. The distance-dependent factors on the right side of
Equation (5) were computed as a function of time, using B(700 Hz) = 0.045
db/100 feet, appropriate for the fundamental carrier wave propagating in
air with 40% relative humidity and at a temperature of 72 °F (evening air
conditions in Redlands on July 12, 1969). The results of the computation are
shown in the upper panel of Figure 4 by the dotted curve. The distribution
has been normalized to the maximum intensity perceived which occurs at
the point of closest approach of the EV to the Church. Simple inspection of
Figure 4 shows that the agreement between the measured distribution and
the distribution computed using this simple model is excellent. It should
be mentioned that the computed distribution is nearly independent of the
exponential loss term (at f= 780 Hz) over the distances involved, and that
the inverse square factor dominates the distribution.
The relatively weak intensity perceived when the EV was directed north
on Orange Street precludes a detailed analysis of the type above. But, since
it required several seconds for the EV to become acoustically shielded from
the Church after reaching the corner, an estimate of the siren anisotropy can
be made from the data in Figure 4. From the immediate drop in intensity
near the point of zero Doppler shift, it is estimated that k(0) = 0.25 k(90),
(i.e. a person listening to the siren from the side perceives about one fourth
the intensity perceived by a listener head on
Thus it has been shown that the frequency distribution recorded at the
Church is an accurate record of the motion of the EV (since the geometric
path of the EV is known) and that the propagation model expressed by
Equation (5) correctly predicts the intensity distribution recorded at the
Church when R(t) is derived from the Doppler distribution. In the next
section, this same model is applied to the distributions recorded on the Vigh
tape.
187

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 359, "chars": 2329, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
188
William F. Krupke
Analysis of the Vigh Tape Background Sound
As in the case of the rerun analysis, the carrier frequency distribution on
the Vigh tape will first be assumed to be a Doppler distribution arising
from a source constrained to move along the E. Lugonia Avenue-Orange
Street path. To convert this assumed Doppler distribution into a velocity
distribution for the EV, it is necessary to specify the average carrier
frequency emitted by the EV siren. Since it is impossible to retrodict this
frequency for February 4, 1968, some value must be assumed. The most
probable frequency can be inferred from the following considerations. The
spread of frequencies measured is 120 Hz, corresponding to a net change in
radial velocity of 140 mph. Since the maximum ground speed of the EV is
reported by the EV operator to have been less than 70 mph, it is reasonable
to conclude that the emitted frequency was midway in the range of perceived
frequencies. The flat region in the frequency distribution extending from
29 to 38 seconds occurs at a frequency of 662 Hz, or approximately mid-
range. The stationary character of the carrier frequency at this value could
then naturally be interpreted as the interval when the EV turned north on
Orange Street. Making the assignment of 662 Hz. for the average EV carrier
frequency emitted, analytic expressions for the acceleration, velocity, and
distance from the Church as a function of time can be deduced from the
Doppler profile. For the first 29 seconds, the source moved on E. Lugonia
Avenue directly toward the Church. As in the rerun analysis, the EV ground
speed and the radial velocity at) of Equation (1) were equated. The
calculation of the radial velocity of the EV moving along Orange Street
as seen from the Bethel Church is somewhat more complicated. Referring
again to Figure 4, define S(t) as the distance of the source north of E.
Lugonia Avenue. Since the ground speed of the source at time t is u(t), then
the radial velocity of the EV, raat), can be expressed by:
Urad(t) = u(t) Sin(0)
S(t) = / u(t) dt
(6)
(7)
Tan(0) = S(t) / 660
(8)
The distance of the EV from the Church, R(t), is given by
R(t) = S(t) / Sin(0)
(9)
Assuming that the observed frequencies of the unidentified sound are
Doppler shifts from the assumed carrier frequency of 662 HZ, and using

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 345, "chars": 2414, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sonic Analysis of Redlands UFO Recording
189
TABLE 1
EV Motion Scenario Based on Model Fit of Observed Doppler Shift
Time Interval (seconds)
Kinetic Parameter
0 to 19
19 to 30
30 to 56
56 to 90
u = constant = 54.5 mph = 80 ft/sec
a = constant = -7.0 ft/sec?
a = constant = +5.2 ft/sec?
u = constant = 92.2 mph = 135 ft/sec
Equations (I), (6), (7), and (8), the observed carrier frequency distribution
of the unidentified sound could be reproduced for an EV motion according
to the following scenario listed in Table 1.
According to this scenario, the sound source approached the Church
along E. Lugonia Avenue with a constant ground speed of 54.5 mph and
maintained this speed 19 seconds after perception. At 19 seconds the source
began slowing with a constant deceleration of -7.0 feet/sec? or about 1/5
of the earth's gravitational pull. This magnitude deceleration is certainly
reasonable for a motor vehicle. (In comparison, during the rerun the approach
speed was 55 mph and the deceleration increased linearly with time reaching
a maximum deceleration of -6.5 feet/sec'). At 30 seconds, the source began
to accelerate northward on Orange Street with constant acceleration of 5.2
feet/sec?, again a very reasonable value. Fifty-six seconds after perception,
the ground speed of the source reached 92.2 mph and was maintained there
for at least another 20 seconds.
Figure 5 is a replication of Figure 2 (without the measurement error bars)
showing model results for the EV motion scenario of Table 1. The Doppler
frequency distribution generated at the Church by a source emitting 662 Hz
and moving with this scenario is shown by the dashed curve in the lower
panel of Figure 5. The solid curve gives the measured frequency distribution
and is well-fitted by Doppler frequency time distribution for the assumed EV
motion scenario of Table 1. Using the kinetic parameters for this scenario,
the distance of the source from the Church, Rt), can be found. Insertion
of R(t) into Equation (5) then gives the intensity distribution predicted at
the Church for this scenario, shown as dashed curves in the upper panel
of Figure 5. The calculated maximum intensity was arbitrarily equated to
the maximum-recorded intensity. Two calculated intensity distributions are
shown in Figure 5 for the source moving north on Orange Street, differing
only by assuming in one case that the source is isotropic, and assuming
189

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 109, "chars": 814, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
190
William F. Krupke
RELATIVE INTENSITY
1.6
1.2
0.8
0.
.4
AVERAGE CARRIER FREQUENCY, HZ
720
700
680
660
640
620
600
580
-
UNIDENTIFIED
SOURCE
• - CALCULATIONS
20
40
60
80
TIME FROM PERCEPTION, SECONDS
Figure 5. Me unide fed sound ave modeted interity and doppler-ens of
frequency distributions.
in the second case the source is anisotropic with k(90) = 0.25 k(0). These
dashed curves are to be compared with the measured distribution shown
by the solid curve. The predicted distributions do not take into account any
acoustic shielding of the siren from the Church while it traveled north on
Orange Street.
The gross dissimilarity of the measured and computed intensity
distributions is striking, even during the time the El was moving on E
Lugonia Avenue, for which the model expressed by Equation (5) is highly

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 414, "chars": 2770, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sonic Analysis of Redlands UFO Recording
191
accurate, as verified by the EV rerun data analysis. The computed peak
intensity occurs 30 seconds after perception, or 11 seconds after the measured
peak intensity. The relatively strong intensity peak measured 69 seconds
after perception is clearly anomalous; it is about 20 times too intense for an
isotropic source and about 100 times too intense for an anisotropic source
like the EV siren. The inclusion of acoustic shielding in the calculation
would render the anomaly even worse. These anomalies are well outside
the limits of experimental error, but before rejecting the propagation model,
other kinetic scenarios should be examined. Because the siren carrier
frequency for the evening of February 4, 1968, is not known a priori, the
scenario discussed above is not unique. However, since it is known that the
EV moved along the E. Lugonia Avenue-Orange Street geometric path, the
possible number of scenarios is greatly limited. In particular, any successful
scenario must predict the maximum intensity to occur at the instant of
zero Doppler shift; this is because the radial velocity is zero at the point of
closest approach for the E. Lugonia Avenue-Orange Street path. Inspection
of Figure 5 shows that this requirement is met only if the emitted carrier
frequency is assigned the value of 714 Hz. But this assignment implies that
the EV approached the corner of E. Lugonia Avenue and Orange Street at
virtually zero ground speed, and then accelerated rapidly to a ground speed
of 140 mph. Even granting the unlikelihood of such a high ground speed
(and disagreement with the EV operator's recollection of an EV top ground
speed of ~70 mph), detailed calculations show that this scenario fails to
account for the measured intensities beyond the first peak with even larger
discrepancies than noted for the scenario based on a carrier frequency of
662 Hz. And so it is with all assignments of emitted carrier frequency for
the evening of February 4, 1968. In view of this result, the validity of the
assumptions implicit in Equation (5) must be examined. In particular:
1. The assumptions of constant intensity and/or constant average
carrier frequency for the siren on February 4, 1968, are invalid
(while being valid for July 12, 1969).
2. The acoustic environment on February 4, 1968, was radically
different from that of July 12, 1969.
To assess these possibilities, first assume that the average carrier
frequency emitted by the siren was very unstable during the 80 seconds
of interest, but that the siren emitted a constant intensity. Under these
conditions the frequency distribution recorded at the Bethel Church cannot
be interpreted as a pure Doppler distribution reflecting the kinetic motion of
191

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 461, "chars": 2907, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
192
William F. Krupke
the EV. Nonetheless, on the basis of the rerun recording, one would expect
an intensity distribution with a single peak (with several plateaus possible)
and lasting not longer than about 40 seconds. Thus, a pure frequency
instability cannot account for the observed intensity anomaly. Next assume
that the siren emitted a constant average carrier frequency but varied in
emitted intensity. The frequency distribution can be interpreted as a pure
Doppler distribution representing the kinetic motion of the EV. To compute
the intensity distribution at the Church, one would have to know not only
R(t) from the Doppler distribution, but the function 1. = 1(t) representing
the time variation of the emitted intensity. In principle, any intensity
distribution could be generated at the Church by such a source. On the
basis of the treatment of the constant intensity source, the range of emitted
intensities from the source to account for the observed intensity distribution
would have to be about 50:1. It is very doubtful that the siren was that
unstable on the basis of the performance of the siren on July 12, 1969, and
on the (subjective) recollection of a member of the rescue team. In the case
of both frequency and intensity instability, any intensity distribution could
be generated but the same range of emitted intensities is required (50:1)
to account for the observed distribution. Thus, within the known limits of
the variability of the properties of the EV siren, and with the same level
of confidence supporting the conclusion that the EV siren generated the
sound recorded on the Vigh tape, the model expressed by Equation (5) is
inadequate with respect to factors other than siren stability.
Analysis of the Rerun Field Recordings
In the interest of fully documenting the rerun, tape recorders were placed
at two sites in Redlands where witnesses of the February 4, 1968, event
perceived intense warbling sounds. One of the recorders was placed in the
home of a witness at 1140 Columbia Street. His house is located 1800 feet
from the corner of E. Lugonia Avenue and Orange Street, one and a half
blocks south of W. Lugonia Avenue and three blocks west of the Church
(five blocks west of Orange Street).
The terrain between the witness house and all positions taken by the
EV siren is filled with wood frame houses and with trees; there was no
unobstructed ground path between the two. The tape recorded at this location
during the rerun failed to register any sound from the passing siren, and the
witness who was present during the rerun perceived no sound from the EV
siren. From the analysis of the rerun recording made at the Bethel Church,
it was established that the EV siren is heard under normal conditions only
at distances of 2300 feet or less (when the siren is facing the receiver and
in open terrain). A simple computation shows that the maximum intensity

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 444, "chars": 2875, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sonic Analysis of Redlands UFO Recording
193
expected at the Columbia Street location is about 0.2 of the maximum
intensity at the Church (assuming open terrain). In actuality, the propagation
of sound to the Columbia Street location is subject to substantial acoustic
losses (houses and trees) not incurred by sound waves propagating to the
Bethel Church, and the expected maximum intensity on Columbia Street is
well below threshold for perception.
The other field tape recorder was located at the intersection of Texas
Street and Pioneer Avenue, 4200 feet northwest of the Bethel Church.
Pioneer Avenue runs east/west and intersects Orange Street 3800 feet north
of W. Lugonia Avenue. The corner of Texas Street and Pioneer Avenue lies
2500 feet west of Orange Street. The terrain between the recorder and the
EV path is mixed, some houses and trees and some open spaces. When
the corresponding distances and siren orientations are examined for this
location, it is concluded that the siren sound would be below threshold for
perception. And so it was, the tape recording of the rerun picking up no
sound from the passing EV siren.
These unexpected null results are quite puzzling if the sounds heard
by the witnesses on February 4, 1968, were indeed produced by the EV
siren. One must conclude that some factor or factors associated with the EV
siren and/or the acoustic environment were greatly different on February
4, 1968, and on July 12, 1969. Accepting that the EV siren was the source
responsible for the reported sounds, the null results might be explained on
the basis of some anomalous propagation effect, such as one arising from an
atmospheric temperature inversion or a surface wind gradient.
Anomalous Atmospheric Propagation
The Redlands weather characteristics for February 4, 1968, were recorded
at nearby Norton Air Force Base. Temperature/altitude data were not
recorded at Norton AFB; the nearest source for such data is the U.S. Weather
Bureau at Los Angeles International Airport, located some 70 miles west of
Redlands. These data show that a moderate temperature inversion existed
in the Los Angeles area on the morning of February 4, 1968, with a positive
gradient of 2 °C per 100 feet, and with a temperature maximum at 380 feet.
Such inversions are quite typical of the area just before sunrise and just after
sunset, particularly on clear days like that of February 4, 1968. Thus, there
is every possibility that just such an inversion was present in the environs of
Redlands in the early evening of February 4, 1968. However, ascent balloon
data taken the morning of July 12, 1969, also reveal a temperature inversion
of 1 °C per 100 feet and a maximum temperature at 540 feet. As a general
rule, temperature inversions tend to be less severe in summer than winter
and this appears to be the case for the two days in question. If such an
193

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 433, "chars": 2896, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
194
William F. Krupke
inversion was present in Redlands on July 12, 1969, the propagation model
expressed by Equation (5) still was adequate to account for its effect, and
one can assume this propagation model is also adequate to account for its
effect on February 4, 1968.
The speed of sound is also a function of the temperature of the
propagating medium, so that various portions of a spherical wavefront
travel at different speeds in a medium with a thermal gradient. If the wave
is propagating in a medium with a linear thermal gradient, a ray normally
follows the are of a circle. The temperature inversion data recorded at Los
Angeles Airport for February 4, 1968, showed a thermal gradient of 2.5
°C per 100 feet and a temperature maximum of 17.5 °C at 300 feet. The
temperature gradient above 300 feet follows the normal adiabatic lapse rate
of -0.2 C per 100 feet. This overall temperature profile should approximate
those encountered in Redlands during the winter. Such a positive thermal
gradient below 300 feet causes all surface emitted rays at an angle less than
the critical angle of 9.3 degrees to bend back toward the surface. A ray
emitted at the critical angle just grazes the level of maximum temperature
and returns to the surface at the maximum range, R
max. For the critical angle
of 9.3 degrees, R
max
= 7200 feet. Rays emitted at angles greater than the
critical angle are not trapped below the 300 foot level and curve away from
the surface creating a sound shadow.
Thus, such a temperature inversion limits the horizontal range for
perception of a source, and also results in an increase in the intensity of the
sound at any point not in the shadow region over the sound intensity, which
would have been generated at that point in the absence of the temperature
inversion. Simple calculation shows that the maximum distance for
perception of the siren with such a temperature inversion present is
increased by a factor of 1.4 over the maximum range in the absence of
the inversion. Assuming the no-inversion maximum range of 2300 feet
found from the rerun analysis, the new maximum range for perception
becomes R
= 3220 feet. Even with this extended range, the estimated
intensities produced at the two Redlands field locations are still well below
the threshold for perception. It is interesting to note that the presence of a
temperature inversion causes the sound to approach the receiver at ground
level from slightly above, but never at an angle greater than the critical
angle, here 9.3 degrees.
These simple computations show that while the temperature inversion
which was most likely present on February 4, 1968, in Redlands could alter
the intensities of perceived sound somewhat, its presence is essentially
irrelevant in contributing to the causes) giving rise to the large intensity
and frequency distribution anomalies discussed here. A detailed analysis

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 447, "chars": 2898, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sonic Analysis of Redlands UFO Recording
195
of the effects of wind gradients on sound propagation was also carried out;
it showed that the existing wind gradients were too small to have resulted
in any appreciable propagation anomaly. Thus, one must assume that the
acoustic environment on February 4, 1968, was radically different from that
of July 12, 1969.
Summary and Conclusions
The unidentified sound on the Vigh tape and the whelp sound produced
by the EV siren have been analyzed in detail with respect to average
carrier frequency, amplitude modulation rate, frequency modulation rate,
frequency modulation bandwidth, and overtone content. It was determined
that these characteristics of the siren are not strictly invariant but vary
between fairly well-defined limits in both the long term and short term. It
was also determined that the wave train of the unidentified sound could be
characterized by the same qualities with values that fall within the limits
of variability characteristic of the EV siren. It is therefore concluded with
virtual certainty that the EV siren operating in the whelp mode was the
acoustic source generating the sound recorded on the Vigh tape. Given this
conclusion and the knowledge of the course followed by the EV, it was
anticipated that the intensity and frequency distributions on the Vigh tape
could be simply correlated with the kinetic motion of the EV. This expectation
was not fulfilled; it was found that no scenario of EV motion along the
Lugonia/Orange path would account for the recorded distributions. To
investigate this anomaly and to check the validity of the acoustic propagation
model being used, the EV was put through a rerun simulating the events of
February 4, 1968. The intensity and frequency distributions recorded at the
Bethel Christian Church during the rerun were readily accounted for using
the same model, which failed to account for the distributions on the Vigh
tape. To compound the anomaly, no sound from the siren was perceived
or recorded during the rerun at the two locations where witnesses claimed
intense acoustic experiences on February 4, 1968. An attempt was made
to resolve the anomaly by appeal to atmospheric propagation phenomena.
Using the best available data for specifying the temperature inversion and
wind gradients most likely present in Redlands on February 4, 1968, it was
shown that neither effect was sufficiently large to account for the observed
anomalies. One is left with the conclusion that the acoustic environment
present in Redlands on February 4, 1968, was greatly different from that
present on July 12, 1969, and that its description requires the inclusion of
one or more time-dependent factors in Equation (5). The physical origin
of such factors cannot be inferred from the information extracted from the
Vigh tape; but the available information implies that the sounds recorded
195

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 436, "chars": 2848, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
196
William F. Krupke
on the Vigh tape propagated from source to microphone by multiple paths,
some of which were time varying independent of the motion of the EV.
There is as yet un-retrieved information contained on the Vigh tape,
which might provide some additional support for this speculation; but the
limited instrumentation available in 1969 precluded its study. Specifically,
the overtone intensity as a function of time should be measured and
compared with the time distribution of intensity in the fundamental carrier.
The loss coefficient, B, of Equation (5) for the spectral overtone near
2000 Hz is computed to be 0.5 db/100 ft for the Redlands conditions on
February 4, 1968, or an order of magnitude greater than the coefficient for
the fundamental carrier. Because of this difference. the Vigh tape recorded
intensity of the overtone will depend strongly on the exponential factor
in Equation (5) for the ranges of concern here, whereas the intensity of
the fundamental will be essentially independent of this factor. If the total
energy of the sound recorded at the Bethel Christian Church is the sum of
energies reaching the microphone by two or more paths, one of which is
changing rapidly in time essentially independent of the EV motion, then
the time-dependent partial contributions should show up in a comparison of
fundamental and overtone intensity distributions.
Given the intensity and closeness of the multiple witness sightings at
Redlands, and the existence of some physical evidence in the form of the
Vigh tape recording, it is disappointing that a more intensive investigation
into these sightings was not undertaken by and discussed in the UFO
Condon Report of 1969, as pointed out by James E. McDonald (McDonald
1968) in his Redlands UFO testimony to the U.S. Congress in 1968. While
the present investigation of the Vigh tape recording concurs with Professor
Seff's conclusion "that the sound heard was that of the emergency rescue
vehicle" (Story 1980), it also identifies significant sonic anomalies proving
that the unidentified sound recorded on the Vigh tape cannot be attributed
to the sound from the EV siren propagating directly along Lugonia Avenue
to the Vigh tape recorder. According to the Story account of the Redlands
UFO sightings,
the unidentified object apparently came down just west of Columbia Street
and north of Colton Avenue, then proceeded slowly in a northwestern di-
ection for about a mile or less, at an altitude of about 300 teet. Coming t
stop. it hovered brieflv, ierked forward, hovered adain, then shot straiah
up with a burst of speed.... The object seemed (if at 300 feet altitude) to be
around 50 feet in diameter. (Story 1990)
Note that this close approach of the unidentified object is in the immediate
neighborhood of the witness at 1140 Columbia Street and only some 1800

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 443, "chars": 2852, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Sonic Analysis of Redlands UFO Recording
197
feet from the Bethel Christian Church. Though highly speculative, a large,
solid, possibly metallic, disc 50 feet in diameter, situated some 300 feet
above Columbia Street just south of W. Lugonia Avenue might well serve
as an effective sound reflector/scatterer in the acoustic environment on
February 4, 1968, contributing to the frequency and intensity anomalies
identified on the Vigh tape recording, and possibly causing some witnesses
to report that the intense unusual sounds they heard were coming from the
unidentified object.
The Redlands UFO sighting is, from one viewpoint, just one of many
such reports that have been recorded by both official government projects
and by civilian UFO groups. An unknown object was sighted low overhead
by a large number of witnesses. It didn't land or cause any unusual effects
on equipment or people, and it left after a short time in view.
Of course, there are differences from other such events. For one, it was
investigated rapidly, competently, and thoroughly by a group of college
professors, an exceedingly uncommon situation. As a result, this report
was such a good exemplar of why UFOs are not so easily explained that
James McDonald used it extensively in his testimony to the U.S. House of
Representatives "Symposium on Unidentified Flying Objects." And, there
was the recorded sound, now thoroughly studied in this article.
The case also importantly allows us to emphasize several key
points about the UFO phenomenon and its investigation that are worth
remembering. First, UFO reports can be investigated scientifically, with
only witness testimony at hand. The University of Redlands team of
professors did so with the witness reports and drawings, and even then had
concluded that the intriguing sound came from the emergency vehicle. And
when we are fortunate to have physical evidence, as in the Reverend Vigh
recording, science can be methodically applied, as has been done here. UFO
reports, even today, still elicit chuckles and derision, with UFO evidence
often disparaged as "nothing but" witness testimony, as if this was some
fatal flaw.
Second, witnesses to something substantial usually agree closely
and are reasonably accurate in their testimony about the key details of an
experience. Sure, they were confused about the sound and whether it was
that unusual or connected to the FO sighting, but even during an exciting,
once-in-a-lifetime event of seeing a UFO, witnesses were consistent enough
on the appearance of the UFO and the description of the sound that it was
clear they were describing the same phenomenon.
Finally, and astounding to only those unfamiliar with the methods
of the Air Force's Project Blue Book, the Redlands UFO was classified
as "probable aircraft" by the project. This was based on the flimsiest of
197

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 337, "chars": 2232, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
198
William F. Krupke
evidence, the key piece being that a single-engine propeller aircraft had
landed at 7:15 p.m. at the nearby Tri-City Airport. The fact that the plane had
landed before the sighting began and that its path of approach never brought
it closer than six miles to Redlands, or that a small plane doesn't have the
complex set of lights reported, didn't trouble the Blue Book investigators. In
late 1968, J. Allen Hynek wrote a long letter to Colonel Raymond S. Sleeper
of the Air Force, reflecting on the Air Force's UFO investigation and where
it had failed, and then what could be a way forward for the study of UFOs.
The letter is included as Appendix 4 in Hynek's seminal book The UFO
Experience. It should be read completely by all those who want to fully
understand why UFOs were not investigated honestly and scientifically
by the government. With regard to Redlands, Hynek lists all the errors of
reasoning and analysis made by Project Blue Book, with this to say about
the University of Redlands team:
Finally... [Blue Book] assumed that the professors involved had not the
intelligence to recognize for themselves (having been over the ground and
having 'reenacted the crime' so to speak), the possibility of the witnesses
having misinterpreted a plane in a landing pattern, and have been individu-
ally wrong on the time, the place, the motion, the brightness, and the num-
ber of lights. And, over and above this is another tacit assumption, how-
ever politely hidden, that not only the witnesses but the professors were
demented or incompetent, for only under such an assumption could one
seriously advance the evaluation of "probable aircraft." (Hynek 1977)
That's straight talk from the leading scientist in the history of the field,
and affirms the unidentified nature of the Redlands sighting.
References Cited
Hynek, J. A. (1977). The UFO Experience. Ballantine Books.
McDonald, J. E. (1968). Symposium on Unidentified Flying Objects, Hearings before the
Committee on Science and Astronautics, U.S. House of Representatives, 19t Congress,
2nd Session, July 29, pp. 52-53.
Story, R. D. (Editor) (1980). Encyclopedia of UFOs. New York: Doubleday, pp. 299-300.
http://www.nicap.org/ar-680204story.htm

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 48, "chars": 320, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Copyright of Journal of Scientific Exploration is the property of Journal of Scientific
Exploration and its content may not be copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a
listserv without the copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print.
download, or email articles for individual use.
