{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-05-01 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455558","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106051","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3869,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/558/mufon-5455558.json","updb_database_id":5455558}
{tjd} First circular with three solid white lights in a triangle pattern, red light middle. Changed shape to a black triangle as it hovered above me

I want to say it was around about 10:00pm in 1995, I cannot remember the month as it was so long ago. I was sixteen years old so it never came to mind that I should call the police or any authority to report it. I went on maps and looked up the locations which were 1.3 miles apart. Gosh, it’s been so long since I’ve been back there, it’s grown and changed so much. But I’ve tried to show where I was when I saw the craft and where the craft started before it was hovering up above us. Also pictures of how it was like when I lived there. 
  I have just recently started opening up about it... there were only a few people who knew about my encounter. But it’s not like I cared about anyone not believing me or how they would probably laugh and make fun of me I just never talked about it. It’s kinda like I wasn’t supposed to say anything, like a block or something I don’t know. 
  I wasn’t alone my friend and I snuck out of her apartment and were waiting for her guy friend and his friends to come pick us up. We were waiting there for about half an hour we were about to give up. Then something caught my eye across to where the radio station was and in the field between the towers was a huge round ship with three white lights in a triangle formation with a bigger red light in the middle. I felt like our eyes met (meaning the craft and I) so to speak. Just then I heard a low roaring sound and it started rising up. It started changing shape from circular to triangular then it leveled out from being vertical. It started moving slowly towards us and before we knew it it was right over us. The noise was lower and my eyes are locked on it, the craft was so low just at the top of the apartment buildings (the buildings are only two stories). Every noise was blocked out silent and as still as can be, the white lights at each end of the craft were on but the middle red one wasn’t. It was like a deep indention where the red light was. As it started to move away I heard the same low roaring sound then it went silent as it shot off. My friend and I just looked at each other and ran back to her apartment. 
  All I can say is it felt like we were standing there staring at this strange craft above us forever when it was only a few minutes that passed by. I know this because we just looked at the time waiting for her guy friend to pick us up. I didn’t feel threatened or afraid of it. Still to this day I can’t shake the feeling that I was standing there for so long.
