{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-18 19:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470558","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89937","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2533,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/558/mufon-5470558.json","updb_database_id":5470558}
{td}Looked at weird formation of cloud, then spotted 1 sphere, then 2, both came together, then went into distance changing direction from one straight line to another.

I was sitting by the pool with family, that were disinterested in what I saw, so I pulled out my iPhone and recorded it. I knew what I was looking at and was excited. Saw one sphere moving across the cloud and then it met another sphere and then they both changed direction at the same time (like two dots in a dot drawing that you would see in a kids maze book). They went in a straight line perfectly.......then met side by side, which at that time went into another direction up and into the distance until I lost them in the clouds. Selfridge Airforce Base is nearby and it seemed as if it were over the top of the base or over the water. Not sure about how many miles or what the distance or sizes were, but I would bet the spheres were pretty large given the distance of the cloud from where I was sitting. I took the video and replayed it but the picture did not show the two spheres. I blew it up on my computer screen and still could not make them out. I tried sending the video to someone and it would not send. Then took splices of shorter clips to send all the way down to under 10 seconds and still didn't send. Later I tried downloading all of my pictures from my phone to my camera, and all downloaded except for those videos. Thought that was weird. I was excited about the event because I am interested in these sort of things. I was hoping that if I sent you the video, that you might be able to apply some ultraviolet light or maybe a negative to show what was there as I still can't see them on the video. I would appreciate communication back if you could refine the video so I could show people I was with that I wasn't just dreaming this up.
