{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-19 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513558","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44712","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3240,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/558/mufon-5513558.json","updb_database_id":5513558}
{dr}Line of five bright objects moving in straight line in a NE direction across evening sky.

We were driving home from grocery shopping in Demorest, GA at approximately 8PM. Coming from the western sky below the horizon moving in a northeasterly direction, my wife saw one light followed by four more. These 1lights1 were brighter, larger and slower than any aircraft. I did not notice them until my wife pointed them out ... by that time all five were visible.

My initial reaction was an Army Ranger base, which is approximately 25 miles away, was up to something. Expecting to hear the sounds of helicopters, when I parked the car to observe, I was surprised to hear absolutely no sound from these objects. My wife1s reaction was surprise ... it was like nothing she had ever seen ... no frame of reference.

My wife1s reactions: They were are spaced equally except for the first which was a little further ahead of the others ... they were all in a straight line. The impression was that they were following a leader. They were disked shaped about the size of a dime at arm1s length ... sliding slowly across the sky. Seemed to be close to the ground ... just clearing the trees by the length of a tall tree. Were yellowish in color ... similar to a sodium vapor lamp ... did not appear to be any turning, darting or moving quickly ... moved along in an orderly fashion.
My reactions: I can agree with my wife1s observations with the following additions ... their color was a bright yellow at the center changing to an orange on the edges. Appeared to be 1shimmering1 with some kind of motion or movement that gave the appearance of a scrambled egg ... sorry ... best I can do. 

Feelings: My wife experienced a sense of wonder and peace ... comfortable watching. Sadness as each departed. Spawned a rhetorical question ... Are these signs or wonders described in the Bible? Felt an attraction to them and misses them. This is from a person who always 1puts this UFO stuff down1. I felt a peace and fascination and in no way felt threatened. The lack of any sound, defined shape (Oh, it looks like a plane!) given their perceived proximity and size to us was hard to comprehend. Two days later we were at a local College Planetarium reviewing this with one of the principals. He was very fascinated and confided that in all the years of working in astronomy ... never had this experience!

We each saw them depart differently ... my wife1s impression was that each one disappeared in order behind a large cloud. For me it was like this except for the last one. This one did not reach the cloud but shrunk to a pin of light and disappeared.
