{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-26 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504558","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54329","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3000,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/558/mufon-5504558.json","updb_database_id":5504558}
{kt}Saw a silent plane shaped object with lights flying/floating/changing direction not too far above trees

I saw a craft flying in my neighborhood while on my way home. I was heading northwest and saw it flying about a couple hundred feet down the road. It just didn't look normal so I watched it and eventually stopped to look at it. First I thought it was a plane, but it didn't act like one. It wasn't very high, and was going slowly then suddenly seemed to stop, drop down a bit (a number of feet maybe) then go in another direction. It had blinking red and white lights on it, and other lights down the side that I think were white, that made it look like it was the shape of a plane. It was going quite slowly and I realized then it could not be a plane and was much closer than I initially thought it was. It made no sound and after it hovered, dropped and turned, it headed slowly away from me. It almost seemed to be floating, then at the end of the block it turned and headed toward the nearby Forever Wild Area (a nature preserve). I saw nothing to indicate it was a helicopter, nothing that looked like blades turning, and heard no noise whatsoever. I couldn't see the body, it just looked like a black non reflective color. What really struck me about it was it had large windows in the front, 2 of them, that were very brightly lit, glowing yellow orange, that almost looked like when you looked into them, you were looking into a furnace. The lights in the windows are what have struck me the most and stayed with me. 
This craft is not something I could recognize, it didn't look like a helicopter, couldn't have been a plane, it moved in weird directions, hovering, floating. I tried to follow it but it headed into the Forever Wild area and it was gone. 
Afterwards I a did search online and found someone else who had seen this UFO on November 3 in Niskayuna, a few miles from here. He was able to describe the body of the craft, which I couldn't see, but he also described the red and white blinking lights which were exactly what I saw, the feeling of a strange kind of light coming from it, which I noticed from the windows, the way he said it moved was exactly as I had seen, the height seemed very similar, and the fact that his UFO went into a Nature Preserve area like mine did make me almost certain it was the same UFO I saw.This is his report: [Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]
