{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453305","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108323","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2480,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/305/mufon-5453305.json","updb_database_id":5453305}
Brilliant Lights coordinated their movements together.

The lights were observed for 30 minutes in the East. This is the third time in a month this phenomena has occurred but in other areas. The 2 red lights between the lights have been seen every night since December; law enforcement doesn't know what they are. The bottom light seems to follow a path going north and south and could be controlled by the light above. The above light emits a stream of beams as it moves in tandem with the bottom light. The activity repeats this pattern at a methodical pace for 30 minutes. 
The bottom light at one time emitted a cloud and increased its brightness without the skybeam's assistance.  It seemed that the bottom light was in a holding pattern at the end of its route. Other lights were blinking along the area where the bottom light moved. The sky light stopped emitting a stream when the bottom light attached itself to a structure of some kind. The bottom light is two identical lights with a blue ball on the left side of the hexagonal looking shape light. The light is a blend of orange-red on the interior and a purple-magenta blend on the outer edges. Prior to these lights appearing, a very intense light passed by my house and then held its position for 10 minutes within a mile and below the area where the activity would be seen. The phone reacts to the light when the light expands and goes out of focus. The picture and video are shot through a telescope (80x's magnified and then 4x's magnified with phone). The area videotaped is 4 miles away from my location. Other lights in the sky besides the beam were seen and were able to move independently of the sky beam.
