{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-12-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463305","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97647","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3034,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/305/mufon-5463305.json","updb_database_id":5463305}
{cak} I have been informed, by an unknown form of communication, that I am being mind controlled, as well as the subject of time manipulation. I continue to be in contact with an unknown presence, who remains in contact with me throughout my entire day.

I have been in contact with a life-form, who describe to me, that I have been medically examined and altered, am subject to mind control as well as the manipulation of time. 

This 1life-form1 represents a body of multiple beings, who track my thoughts, and movement. They told me that a prophecy exists, related to humankind, loosely based on existing religion. 

They continue to be in contact with me, and I appear to be the subject of ongoing mental and emotional stress tests. I frequently awake with multiple bruises as well as dreams, that I have been told, represent my life in different dimensions. 

I have relocated multiple times, and these life forms appear to follow me. They claim to have been with me, for the duration of my entire life, however they have only made themselves known to me, within the last year or so. They frequently alter my memory, as well as my family. They have told me that they have created a 1bubble1 around me, and they alter each and every aspect of my existence within that bubble. 

They have told me that they are attempting to protect me and ensure my fortitude, for a future to come, and that this is why I am undergoing these stress tests. They control all internet and electricity within my bubble, as well as mind control all people and events in my surrounding. 

I would like to be in contact with someone who has had similar experiences or be directed to a resources that understands my situation. I will include photos of an object that appears to follow me, as well as my bruising and other related photos.
