{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-28 19:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502305","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56704","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2466,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/305/mufon-5502305.json","updb_database_id":5502305}
{nd} Driving S on 5fwy 4 orbs came from SE. Lighted though clouds then hovered over small mountain just before grade/pass into la. They all stopped like they saw fwy hovered bomberang shape flight arrangement onestarted northeast rest followed

I was driving on the five freeway about 750 at night in febuAry it was rainy. California had those-two storms . I was driving up the grade trying to get to la where I live. I noticed a pale light coming from the clouds and then all of a sudden they came into view four blue white or baby blue orbs came out of the clouds and then started hovering slowly coming to a stop and hovering. Like they noticed the freeway and didn't want to cross in the air as they hovered the clouds started to slowly mist over them and then one of them slowly started to move off to the northeast and then the rest followed not in line but in more like a boomerang shaped formation like the missing man formation i.e. the leader showing the way too go or somthing. It's like if you're holding your fingers out straight the formation that your fingernails take if it's your right hand be the ring finger on your right hand that locates that one took off first. My distinct impression was they didnt want to be seen and they wanted to stay in the clouds because as they started moving off that baby blue light like when it appeared instead of slowly appearing it slowly faded away into cthe clouds. Not wanting to be seen was my impression from their flight behavior. 
I was in the Navy and worked two different airports in LA I Know planes and copters very well these were not airplanes. My sighting was short and sweet to the point very simple but very very interesting. 
I was driving when this is going on and I try to take a picture but I had to take my eyes off the road to do it and it was kind- a rainy freeway I just couldn't do that safely.
