{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-01 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520305","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36270","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5973,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/305/mufon-5520305.json","updb_database_id":5520305}
ufo seen very close range by 2 people- it hovered directly over a house at a distance from us of

On the night of aug31 2011 (although technically it was early sept1, because the time was ~1a), me and my girlfriend randomly realized we were both hungry. We decided to drive out to wendys (the nearest open-late option). As we were leaving the neigborhood, we both turned to our right, looking down the street the way we were about to turn. It was a very short distance to a stop-lighted intersection, and across it were homes on either side (I think a home on one side had been converted into an autoshop). Anyway, There were large bright red and white lights just above the small buildings there. The lights spanned larger than a normal/small house. My immediate reaction was that I was witnessing a jet crash. But as the milliseconds and seconds passed, my brain had to come to terms with the fact that the lights were hanging in place. I said to my girlfriend, "do you see anything?" I looked to her as I asked this, and her mouth was open, and eyes wide. We were still sitting at the stopsign at the end of our neighborhood. I turned down the street toward the object now. We came to the above-mentioned stoplight, and stopped. The object was still there. Now we were literally ACROSS THE STREET from this thing, leaning forward to see up through the windshield at this giant display literally mere feet above the house across the intersection. It seemed disc-like, but it was hard to tell- the surface was the flattest black youve (n)ever seen. In hindsight, I theorize that the surface was able to ABSORB all light as a way to camoflage itself. However, that is a little contradictory to the only other feature noticeable about this thing: the light-bank that surrounded it. On what would be the edge of the saucer, was a row of lights. They were not necessarily in a straight line; some were a little higher or lower than others. All the lights were red or white. They turned on or off. They didn't blink or strobe, but they were turning on and off- each independent of the others- in what seemed like a non-sense sequence. However, I must say that the feeling I had in my gut was that there was a pattern to it, I just simply wasnt able to understand it. I remember trying to notice a communicative pattern, but couldnt. The thing about the lights was that they didn't create visible "noise". They lit up almost like an indiglo watchface or something. The houses and trees- nothing was cast in white or red when the lights shown. Now, to the movement of the object. The object was tilted to one side. Also it moved back and forth slightly, almost like- imagine if a helicopter was trying to stay in place; it cant stop in a 3-dimensional field of movement on one exact spot; it has to move slightly up, down and then back to stay right AT the spot they want, but not right ON that spot- THATS how this thing moved. But it was VERY slight. It appeared to be trying to stay right above this one house. It was just at the top of the trees in that neighborhood. There was no sound. We were in my jeep, which had a soft top on, but all the windows uninstalled. We sat at the red light staring at it, nobody talking. Then the major light effects seemed to calm down (but there were still visible lights), and the thing lowered down into the trees, down over the house. At this point I said, "lets go on, and maybe we can see it better from another angle". However that was stupid, because our journey led us COMPLETELY away from the site. It was so dumb to drive away, but that was the sensible thought I had at the moment, even though I could have went straight (instead of turning right), and I would have been BESIDE the house! I drove just a little ways down the road, and I realized: HOW STUPID! I said "we are just getting further away! WHy didn't I drive into the neighborhood!?" My girlfriend said "I don't know". I said "Why didn't you tell me to drive into the neighborhood?" She said "I don't know, I was just going with what you were doing". "Should I turn back?" We looked back and could see no strange lights. We continued on. I really feel that we were "diverted". Im not necessarily taking it to the extreme of "mind-control", but I think I was remotely influenced to pass on by the sight. The drive was a strange mix of silence and excited talking. To my suprise, my girlfriend brought up that at first, she thought she was witnessing the crash of an aircraft- exactly what I had felt internally! We brainstormed on things it couldve been. We asked eachother repeatedly "Did we just see a UFO?". That night I had a strange dream about "grey" aliens. I don't want to recount it here. But I will say, that I don't believe it was a "memory" of an abduction or something, as the setting was somewhere far away (and from my childhood), and it was daylight in the dream. Also, my entire family was in the dream. The next morning when I woke up, I felt emotionally shell-shocked. I thought of the lights and the object, and my eyes watered, like I was about to cry. I said to my girlfriend: "was that real?" Anyway, thats about it. I have more details and theories, but Im with-holding them for some semblance of brevity. If you have questions or helpful comments, I hope there is a way for mufon to put you in touch with me through email.
