{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-04-30 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546305","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"23620","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2307,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/305/mufon-5546305.json","updb_database_id":5546305}
Small object with super erratic flight characteristics

I should start with some info about me. I am a licensed commercial pilot and very familiar with aviation in general. 

On the day in question I was seated on a bench at the mini-golf place on 68th street in Ocean City. Since I was not actually playing I was looking around when I saw what I can only describe as a short vertical cylinder, dark and from time to time slightly shiny. It appeared to be a good distance from me but I could not make out its size. The object was behind a light pole on location which I used to reference its movements. 

The objects movements were so radical that as a pilot I can say it was not a plane. It was way too stationary for that. It was not a helicopter as it moved much to fast and with attitude changes that would not fit a rotor-craft flight characteristics at all. The objects movements were similar to some insects and humming birds as far as its super fast changes of direction. I wanted to make sure it was not an object attached to some form of line and just "flopping" in the wind. I ruled this out as it was not reproducing the same movements over time as such an object normally does in my experience. 

Thanks to the light pole, I could have judged the speed of the object but since I could not tell how far away it was, I could not triangulate this correctly. If it was just on the other side of the pole it would have moved about 15 - 20 feet in maybe 1/10 of a second, it is was 100 away... well you get the point, I really could not say.

I was able to observe this object stay roughly in the same area for about 12 minutes when it just vanished. It did not fly away, it just totally disappeared.
