{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-29 15:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291305","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112031","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2796,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/305/mufon-5291305.json","updb_database_id":5291305}
Saw large black plane suspended in air, then 2nd object to the south was round, yet bat like surface

I was driving down Hall rd and was coming up to West bound 94. I then noticed a very large blackish looking plane. I was waiting at the light trying to hurry up and grab my phone to take a video and when I brought it up on camera nothing showed up. Then the few videos I did take disappeared on my phone. I was able to find one short video I sent to my girlfriend but like I said the plane didn’t show up on the camera. Then I continue to jump onto west bound 94 and got to metro parkway when I seen a ufo hovering in mid air above the trees no noice looked like a round bat black scary looking just sitting there not moving. So I jumped off the free went the opposite direction to go back around so I could see it again and try to get film but when I did it wasn’t at the same spot it moved somewhere eles. I then seen it behind me so I pulled off to the side of the free way to get proof of it and nothing popped up on my screen again. Then my phone video seemed to disappear because I couldn’t record anymore. The ufo then turned into a regular looking plane which made no sense to me it didn’t look bat shaped anymore. I then took off in awe trying to figure out what just happens to me and why no one eles pulled off like me lol to see what the heck that thing was. I felt really dry and like time stopped because everything around me in that moment didn’t seem real. Ps. There where a few other regular military planes flying in the air around these other ufos I seen. The pictures and video that was saved on the phone you can’t see the ufos I seen it would not show up on camera!!!!!!
