{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-12 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519481","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37425","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2779,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/481/mufon-5519481.json","updb_database_id":5519481}
Appeared out of nowhere, then flew away at lighting quick speed towards the east

I was outside with my wife "E" and our neighbor "Jn" chit chatting by our backayd fence about 8:30 pm on April 12th. I then saw an object appear behind a mapel tree about 600 feet away from me and about 35 feet in the air and yelled and pointed look at that. I pointed to the spot where the object was and then it took off. It headed east and fast as all get out. Near the tree the object appeared like a ball with really bright white colors coming off the object. When it flew away it looked like a comet with the trails flowing off the object. the front was bright white in color and then hues of greens and blues for the tailings. It went from zero to whatever speed so fast and then just like that it vanished. What seemed like an entire night event only lasted at the most 2 seconds. The sky was no partly cloudy or cloudy and yet the object just vanished. It traveled right around normal tree height and then poof, it was out of here. The strangest bit was that there was no noise whatsoever! There wasnt a single noise near us for about 10 minutes before and about 10 minutes after. No engine noises, no fireworks, no mowers, chain saws, cars, wind noise etc... Very amazing if you ask me. This was my first encounter with a UFO so believe me, I will rememer this the rest of my life. Every detail, the bright lights and sights to the feeling of touched by an angel from the sky and the experience will be treasured to me until I die. I am amazed that I had two witnesses with me to colorbate the story and that makes me feel good since no one can say that I made the sighting up. What a feeling of enjoyment and I havent stopped smiling yet. I am extremely grateful for this experience and believe me, it is life changing in more ways than I can think of. Man what a moment for me and my wife to share this with our neighbor! Simply amazing I tell you. The speed of the object was nothing that humans can produce I can tell you that for sure. Well, thats my encounted with a UFO and no one and I mean no one can deny that UFOs are here and who knows how long they have been here.
Thanks,
"J"
