{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-05-20 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475481","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84811","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2628,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/481/mufon-5475481.json","updb_database_id":5475481}
perfect crescent shape (waxing/waning moon), white, moving at speed at high altitude

happened mid day while standing in front of the address mentioned, happened to look up to see a perfect white crescent shaped object resembling a waxing or waning moon only about 20% of the size passing directly over head from east to west which was the opposite direction to the cloud movement that day. it was quite easy to see and focus on, it was completely white and absolutely perfect in shape with no markings, windows or seams visible. it appeared to be at high altitude as it was well above the highest layer of clouds, possibly as high as a jumbo jet as after spending the rest of the day watching the sky i had noticed the only other objects above that cloud layer were jumbos, only if it was that high it was much larger and faster approximately 3 or 4 times the speed and over 4 times the wingspan, it could have been lower though, it was very hard to tell with such a smooth looking object. the object was only visible for about 15 seconds as its path took it behind a small cloud and it never appeared out the other side. i tried to bring it to my friends attention but by the time he was able to look up it was gone. feeling like he might think i was crazy i brushed it off.
now for some speculation..
at first glance i actually thought it was an extremely large spherical object passing earth through space. i know that sounds weird but its just the way it looked mostly due to how perfect the crescent shape was but when i realised i could not see the shaded part of the sphere as you would with a crescent moon i ruled that out it was also moving way to fast for that. it could be some kind of drone but ive never seen any aircraft that shape before, despite the hours of research ive done since and to my knowledge it doesnt make sense aerodynamically to make an aircraft that shape and it doesnt have any favourable stealth properties either... to my knowledge. also its solid white colour and lack of markings just didnt seem right to me
