{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-25 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501481","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57564","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2770,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/481/mufon-5501481.json","updb_database_id":5501481}
{dr}This was one of two objects - one seemingly responding to a concious decision to approach me at great speed, and then stop and hover when I ran to my car for binoculars, then ascended behind a cloud after 20 minutes, disappearing entirely.

I came home late one evening-after a work-shift, and wanted to relax outside . On occasion, I have noticed this particular phenomenon, of a bright object moving at a usually controlled speed, soundless, following a path, or orbit,  My attention, this time however, was drawn by the fact that there were at least two different ones, with different directions, and a slight difference in behavior between the two that I became aware of. One of the objects travelled TO a basically southeastern direction; the second object travelled FROM the southeast, then altered its direction and speed hurtling toward me- but overhead, and much faster, as I ran to my car for binoculars.Astonishingly, it stopped moving and just hung in the sky for about 20 minutes as I attempted to look through the binoculars. I saw an object that seemed to have a cylindrical flame inside of a dark-edged shrouded object, almost like a hot air balloon, but with distinctly different characteristics. This flame was shaped like an old power line transformer and NEVER fluctuated or changed intensity . The object the flame was contained within, reminded me of the appearance of a lunar eclipse.This object, after this encounter, lifted itself disappearing into a single cloud and then the cloud disappeared. By the way, I know what satellites, and the space station, etc look like , and in different light, at different times of the day and evening--and the velocity and orbital patterns, and this does NOT match up to anything. Also, as usual, there are one or two helicopters that seem to come rapidly from somewhere, shortly after this event. On this particular evening, it was too dark to spot the physical attributes of the helicopters, but I often see these as dark---possibly black. I became afraid after this point and went inside--vowing not to check nightly. Also, this is in relative proximity to the railroad yards, major airport, and military bases.
