{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502481","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56520","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7855,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/481/mufon-5502481.json","updb_database_id":5502481}
{rjl} Tall creature like human walking through house

I was sitting in a dark room looking out into the kitchen area. It was early morning. I suddenly saw something very tall and white move across the kitchen almost in an stroll through the house like it owned the house. It went past the door so I didn't get a good look but I knew automatically it wasn't human. I froze scared to death. My husband and my young daughter were in the living room just about 10 steps behind this creature. It was invisible. Not only invisible but you couldn't hear it moving around, which without some sort of help would be impossible. The creature was at least a little over 6 ft tall if not taller because my first thought when it went by was to make myself believe it was my husband walking over to the kitchen area. It was a wonderful wish but when I finally got my nerve to get up and walk I realized I was right. 

The only reason I know it was invisible was because its been here. You could almost feel it knew the house and us more then anything, which is very very disturbing. I could tell from the quick look I barely got that the creature didn't seem to have an ounce of fat on it's body, very very strong looking, muscles, but thin. Lith like. Its body looks like it was covered by some sort of body suit it looked like pale skin. I believe it did not know I saw it and I strongly believe the only reason I saw it was the way the light was shinning in the house. I think all the different windows, time of day and the suddenly reflection and the fact I was sitting in a dark room looking out into the dinning room that caused me to be able to see through the cloak it was using. It was headed to the window as if to look out through it in to the outside. I had a since that it was bored and waiting for something. 

My feelings. I'm freakin scared to death. I can't tell you how for the first two months I screamed in the car and cried. I had a since that if or when this or these things wanted to kill us there's nothing..nothing we can do. No gun, no knife, no bomb, no weapon...their faster, stronger, smarter..we are nothing. I felt we were cattle to be harvested for food later and as a mother I had a horrible since of hopelessness. I've never in my life had such hopelessness. There's no place to go, no place to hide..nothing..nothing you can do. I hate the feeling. When it happened I swallowed my pride, walked into the kitchen, even though I knew that being was around there, got some coffee and walked into the living room. Looked at my husband and daughter and told them I loved them and watched TV. 

I tried contacting a scientist shortly after it happened. I even got out the measuring tape and measured. I figured with his brains maybe the measurements might help our scientist figure out how to cloak or break cloaks or invisible technology. I remember I labeled his e-mail "code black" in hopes to get his attention..but didn't. I erased mine feeling like there's no one else I can go to. 

I have not told anyone, not even my husband. I can't. I feel if I utter the words out loud whom ever I tell the story to will die. The since of this is utterly powerful...horribly powerful at least at first. After about a month or so I had two more strange things happen. I never saw the creature again but I did see on two seperate occassions silver balloon like objects in the bed room. 

The main one I remember was I woke up, as I always do, around 3:30am and I thought I heard something. Still worried about being slaughtered like a cow for food or killed I stayed still and glanced around the room. I didn't want anything to know I was awake yet. I could feel myself sweat and I had to tell myself to take slow steady breaths to make it look like I was still asleep. I suddenly heard something sliding against the ceiling of the room. I remember my heart was pounding and I could still hearing the steady breathing of my husband next to me sound asleep. The ceiling fan was going and I had the covers pulled up around me still. The sliding was approaching me, then suddenly I caught sight of a silver balloon sliding across the ceiling with it's tail hanging down. I almost laughed outloud. I watched it as it slide around the room and over me slowely thinking how annoying it was and how I'm so glad it was just a balloon. I closed my eyes laughing at myself thinking I'm so silly I'm just being paranoid. I remember thinking I need to tell my daughter not to put her balloon in the room, it could get the tail hung up in the ceiling fan. Suddenly my heart stopped. My daughter doesn't have a balloon, she hadn't had one in months...and never a silverish one..and this one looked metalic though it was hard to see in the darkness. My eyes flew open...and yes it was still there..I could still hear it slide against the ceiling as it tail hung down. "make it a balloon, make it a balloon..it's your kids balloon" I wanted to believe it..so bad! I wanted to cry to scream..I stayed very still. "breath normal, don't move, don't open your eyes to far, don't freak out, don't let it know your awake.." I should have know..any balloon would have been caught up into the ceiling fan, at least the string. this one went over us and to the side of the wall as if it was moved by remote. Suddenly it just slowly started disappearing..and then it was gone. I saw it one other time in the room while we were asleep...this time with a longer string...and it disappeared even faster.  The metallic like balloon shaped thing didn't make since to me, because if the creature could keep sound from happening on him, why wouldn't he make his gadgets sound proof also?

So I went into a depression. Didn't know what life was. Couldn't tell anyone anything verbally without giving them some type of death wish....then one day I'm fine. It's strange. I don't mind if the creatures here or if he's not. I feel like I should protect him or them. I feel like if they want to communicate they can, if not I'm fine. I feel like I want to help them. I'm confused about these feelings because I feel like I could love them, protect them..but I still feel if I utter a word verbally and they find out that person will die. 

I've searched everywhere for someone else to have the same type of experience. But it seems most everyone else is little gray people or short creatures. Mine are at least 6 feet tall but I'm going to go out on a limb and say 6'5 at least. Pale suits, have no idea if that was skin or not..never got to see the face..heck he might have had a dog face or no face...but I feel from the legs I saw and torso for the few seconds I saw it was human like. 

I don't mind protecting something but I want to make sure it's not a false since of protection because my first feelings for the first couple of months was "we are all going to die". I just don't know...but since I can't utter a word to have someone talk to me...thank you for letting me write it down. If you investigators ever call me to talk to me about this..I don't know if I can. I'll answer any questions you have in writting, even let you come measure stuff, but talking...If I say something outloud and suddenly one of you dies...I'd feel like I did it. Because I've been warned.
