{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-12-12 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288481","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114886","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2487,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/481/mufon-5288481.json","updb_database_id":5288481}
sighting from the pula, croatia flight to london

I saw a huge aircraft outside my commercial airplane window in dec 2007 when flying over the Alps between pula, croatia on the way back to london. it was a morning flight when we left pula on route to london.
it was slowly descending and gave off no exhaust and pointing straight down. a huge smooth silver triangular craft the size of one of the mountain caps. it slowly descended behind one of the mountain caps and just disappeared. it was solid and shiny silver no seams like it was one big solid piece of silver no windows or anything like that. ill never forget it. 
we were in the middle of nowhere and surrounded by mountains in the Alps so it stood out. it would have been around 1 pm or so no clouds in the sky. it was amazing!!! i never believed in ufos or any of that stuff until i saw what i saw. i was so captivated by it i didn't even think of taking a photo but whatever it was it's probably maybe? still there. 
When the pilot gave the announcement to look out the window at the view of the Alps, I looked out and first saw it just below the horizon. no clouds were in the sky. It was just pointing straight down and it descended behind a nearby mountain cap into what looked like a valley but it descended behind the mountain cap so i saw just how huge this thing was. when it first caught my eye it was off to the left of my view so i'm guessing it was at a 45 degree angle if i looked straight ahead out the airplane window. 
It slowly descended - no exhaust or anything. also i got a good look at the triangular object because the sun reflected off of it for a second or 2 as it was descending and i saw this thing was almost the size of the mountain cap directly in front of it as it descended. i also noticed it had a curvature to it on the outside. it looked like it was silver and very shiny. whatever it was, ill never forget it!
