{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-10 03:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481481","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78529","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3854,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/481/mufon-5481481.json","updb_database_id":5481481}
{cak} On June 10,2014 at 3:13 am I was leaving my X gfs house and about 10 mins into the drive home I felt and noticed something following me. I looked and it was a Ufo that shape shifted and was bright well it projected white light and was circular.

First of all let me say I'm a huge fan, I like the way you communicate with people on your website. I would be very interested in getting interviewed to give the detail of my personal experience with this phenomenon. 
As far as the sighting and experience I went through it happened on June 10 of 2014 north of Dallas Texas near McKinney Texas on a toll road at 3am. On this particular evening me and an ex-girlfriend had just gotten in an argument and broke up and I left her house and started driving home back to Dallas from McKinney Texas on the toll road. At this time there were no cars on the freeway it was completely empty probably because it was so late. The area that I was in and its also very country there's not a lot of construction it's mainly open fields in the location where I was that driving back. So I was headed back to Dallas on the freeway then all of a sudden I could sense or feel something following my car, and I look behind the car and I saw what you will see in the image which was like an object of light that could shape shift between a circle to a triangle to an oval shaped object. So I knew that was definitely not a drone. And the object kept following my car when I looked to the right side of the car it was following me it must've been probably at least three or 4 miles at this point since it started following my car. Again I was the only car on the road at the time. Not exactly sure how far the object was for my car but I can tell you it definitely changed shapes and sizes, and it was maybe 500 feet from the car or so. When I picked up my camera I initially wanted to take video, but I was driving at a high speed probably like 85 miles an hour and it was a little too dangerous so I went ahead and just took three photos but it's really weird because it's almost like the object sensed that I was taking pictures because right after I took the last photo it moved so fast that the naked eye could barely catch how fast it moved then it disappeared. So obviously it did not want to be photographed. Here is what I saw. I will send three attachments to make sure you got each picture. 
I wanted to add to the description of what I saw. If you pay attention to the photos you will see that the yellow light is the streetlights and the white circular/Oval shaped light that shape shifted is the UFO. Also notice that the UFO does not leave a shadow, I thought that was very weird. The light was a white light and it could've been a craft that change shapes as well as change dimension or size of the craft. In my opinion the craft probably hides under the lighting it projects so you can't really see it's true material or form. That's all I wanted to add thank you very much.
