{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-06-15 14:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496481","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62913","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6890,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/481/mufon-5496481.json","updb_database_id":5496481}
{cak} Observed from C-130-E from above USAF

There are aerial phenomena in our skies that have not been explained by science or revealed by the worlds governments.

  In 1982, I was in the United States Air Force serving as a Crew Chief on C-130 cargo planes out of Little Rock Air Force Base. After a routine mission carrying cargo to a base in California we were enroute back to Arkansas. The day was beautiful and wonderful for flying. The cockpit of a C-130 is large and very roomy. It has so many windows in it, the crews referred to it as the"greenhouse". This was where I would spend most of my time in flight. There is plenty of room to stand behind either the pilot or co-pilot and just look out the windows. I never seemed to get tired of watching the world go by from this perspective. The view was pretty much unobstructed as there are windows at floor level, chest level and at head level. There was patchy cloud cover below us which started at 13,500 and built up to about 18,000 feet. We were flying at 22,000 feet where 
the sky was clear. We were over flying a large patch of clouds. We were coming upon a large open area that extended for about 60 miles along our flight path before becoming cloud covered again. As we overflew the edge of the cloud cover I spotted a group of aircraft below us clearly visible against the dark background of a heavily forested region. I noticed immediately that there were five aircraft flying in a loose formation, one behind the other, with the fifth aircraft trailing the other four by a larger margin. 
I tapped the pilot on the shoulder and indicated I wanted to speak with him off headset. "Sir" I said. "We have traffic at our 9 o'clock, low." The pilot gave me a puzzled look since this was information that usually went out over headset and was heard by the entire crew. I
pointed down at the aircraft and waited for the pilot to spot them. He did pretty quickly and from the way he shifted his position for a better look, I was pretty sure he was seeing what I was. "Sir, do you 
see any wings or empennage on those aircraft?" I asked. The look that he gave me pretty much told me the answer to that one. "Chief, how long have you been observing them?" he asked. "Sir, they appeared from under the cloud cover as we passed over the edge." I answered. "They appear to
be traveling at our speed and holding a steady altitude." I added. By this time the rest of the cockpit crew had noticed our "private" conversation and the fact that we were obviously looking at something. "Whats going on over there?" the co-pilot asked. The pilot looked at him, started to say
something, thought better and went back to observing our "companions." It was only a couple of seconds later that the Engineer was leaning over my shoulder to have a look at whatever it was that had the pilot's and mine's attention. When he got a look, I gave up my position so that he could get a 
real good look. Off came his headset and he said "What in the hell are those?" The co-pilot could not see from his position and couldn't leave his seat so he just kept asking, "What do you see? What's going 
on?" I felt sorry for him because nobody was answering him. The Navigator came and took a look,after a few seconds of observing the aircraft he just looked at the pilot, then at me and then the Engineer. He went back to his station, sat down and never asked a single question. Below us at
about 16,000 feet were five circular aircraft. They were white in color with what appeared to be either seams or dark painted thin lines radiating from their center to their outer edges. This divided up the skin of the aircraft much the way a pie is cut up in a pan. Since they were only about 6,000
feet away, we had a very clear view. Compared to our C-130 we estimated their diameter to be between 80 and 130 feet. Their flight path was parallel to ours and seemed to be holding steady in their speed, matching theirs with ours. Whither this was deliberate on incidental is unknown.
We continued to observe them for about 5 minutes, more or less. While their course and spacing remained steady, they seemed to "bob" up and down slightly. Things had gotten pretty quiet in the cockpit along this time. No one wanted to believe what we were seeing. There was no denying the
fact that it was a clear and unobstructed view of what we all knew to be something unknown to us.Soon we came to the edge of the opening in the clouds. The craft continued to keep pace with us and 
as they overflew the edge of the cloud cover they were clearly visible against the backdrop of the slightly darker cloud. We were able to observe them only for a few more seconds before they penetrated the cloud
and were lost to view. Everyone sat back for a moment and soaked up the last few minutes.The first to speak was the pilot. "How many of you want to be grounded from flying?" He asked. He got silence from everyone. "Fine then. I don't know what those were. For all I know they were ours."He said. None of us ever mentioned it to anyone that I am aware of. I have waited over 30 
years to find out if they were indeed, ours. Guess I'll keep waiting.

P.S. I wrote this for a English Comp class. It is truthful and as accurate as I can remember. I think the base we went to on this mission was Norton in California. I do not know exactly where we were or the course we were running. It's pretty much a straight shot from Little Rock AFB to Norton but as the Crew Chief, routes were not my job.I do not recall our airspeed but we usually cruised at around 310-328 knots. We experienced nothing out of the ordinary either to us or the aircraft we were in. We just saw them and observed them. They were as clear to us as it could be. What prompted me to report this, I was watching one of the UFO programs on TV and the theme seemed to be about a particular parallel line running across the middle of the USA. While I cannot confirm that was the route we were on, it made sense that the route we should have been on would have been in that approximate line of travel. I for one was glad to have seen a unknown during clear conditions during daylight. This allowed me to see the objects clearly. I don't know if a 30 year old report is of any use but here it is.
