{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-06-01 01:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465481","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95291","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4201,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/481/mufon-5465481.json","updb_database_id":5465481}
Shoal of pulsating and coordinated lights above Portuguese skies 1/6/2018

(Portugal 1/6/2018 12:08pm -12:35/40 pm)

At 12:08 pm I saw several lights drifting towards where I was from the horizon. We'd seen a lot of cranes flying around and I assumed they were flying low and being illuminated by the many lights from residents and golf courses. But as the lights came closer they began to spread out and no longer resembled birds. Instead thousands of blinking lights began to spread across the sky. I quickly called two of my friends outside and we watched the event for over 30 minutes.

The lights were random at first blinking much like Christmas lights set on the highest speed. The lights appeared to move as a collective, however it was almost as if, when one light found its place it would gradually slow down until a stop. Soon many of the lights had become stationary. There were lights moving around in-between the stationary lights. Some lights would begin to move when another was approaching it and then would continue on in the same path. 

Within minutes the lights had spread across the entire sky, approximately 90-110 degrees. It was as if the Milky Way had been enlarged before our eyes We were all mesmerised by the event, so much so that we hadn't noticed that the lights began to gradually blink into a pattern, until finally they synchronised. Half of the lights would blink off and half would blink on. At no point did any of these lights remain permanently on while the synchronisation was occurring. 

After about 20 minutes, the lights became less bright and the shoal began to move. Individual lights from the west side of the group began moving through the cluster and as they passed other lights, attracted them, making triangle and diamond shapes. Eventually the entire shoal was moving. It would appear as though they ascended in a north-east direction and up out of the view of earth.

We tried to record the lights but our camera phones were unable to pick them up. I do have some incredibly short footage of the event. Not sure if anyone's perhaps interested in trying to enhance and stabilise the footage...but I was just honestly so in awe and didn't want to miss a moment by gazing at a black screen. If anyone at MUFON has the ability to find the video of a decent CCTV camera from a building pointing in the right direction in the Quinta do Lago (Algarve) area. I firmly believe these lights would be visible. Especially at the beginning of their approach as they appeared in a tighter cluster.

What I saw was not fireflies, swamp gas, flares, planes, debris from space, a falling meteorite, a failed space launch, birds, balloons nor drones. There were literally thousands of these lights, it was like a scene from a Spielberg film. Each object was independent in its movements and could not have been guided by the wind due to the multidirectional movement of each independent object.

I couldn't tell you how high up these lights were but at their brightest moment, they were easily as bright as the second brightest star in our sky. I also can't recall seeing the moon. And there wasn't a cloud in the sky. Half of my family live in Portugal, so I go there a lot on Holiday and always spend the evening star gazing. We're able to see satellites and sometimes the odd light turning on and off etc, but never anything quite like this.

I googled the event shortly after and found that numerous sightings have happened around the same time each year for almost 10 years.

Three months have passed and I still think about that night at least three or four times a week.
