{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-26 05:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493499","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66015","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3939,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/499/mufon-5493499.json","updb_database_id":5493499}
{jpg} Interdimensional craft LIKE the X-47B Drones, but NOT

I saw 2 craft, of a TYPE of craft similar to the X-47B (see video link below). The craft appeared out of nowhere in May of 2014 as I watched from the roof of a San Francisco apartment building near 6th and Mission. The color of the craft were different that the video of X-47B, they were kind of rosy-taupe colored and also seemed to have the ability to mirror the surrounding light effects...kind of like a stealth covering. I could not see any seams or rivets or identity markings from a government or military group or anything like that on the bottom or sides of them. Crafts both appeared to be one piece of smooth metal with no wheels or cut outs in the metal or nubs or anything appearing on the bottom of it or the sides. The wings were also different than the X-47B, it was more LIKE a triangle shape or an elbow shape than the X-47B, but nose and wings were more rounded and sloped back from the nose out to a rounded point wingtip instead of how it is shown as angular here in this video of the X-47B. There was a small inverted triangle shape that was the 'tail' of the craft, which shape was attached by a straight angular line up to the rounded wing tips. The tail triangle itself was very similar to the X-47B. I was waiting to watch the sunrise about 5:30 am or so and looking to the southeast when they just appeared...like they came through a portal from a different dimension or something...in front of and above the mountains in San Francisco. The sun had not yet come up and they appeared from the southeast and flew very fast heading towards the northeast of the apartment. I was on the 6th floor (rooftop). They were not that far above me (300 ft or so) and they made no sound, even though they were traveling VERY fast. From where I was watching on the rooftop, the 39-story Marriott Marquis building is only a few blocks away. Both craft flew side-by-side from their appearance until right in FRONT of that building, NOT above it. One of them dropped back just slightly (30 feet?) as they passed in front of the Marriott Marquis and that is about where I got the best look at them, when they were directly in front of me and in front of the Marriott. They looked about 20 feet long from where I was and were very thin in height at the back and wing tips but they were thicker in the front and middle of the craft. I am not sure if I saw a window/windshield on top of the craft as they seemed to reflect the coloring of the Marriott building (which is glass at the top) as they flew near and then it front of it. It seemed to me that the craft were aware of me and that is why one of the craft dropped back, just for a moment. The objects seemed to become invisible as they quickly blended in with the darker skies in the north above maybe Angel Island(?). They seemed to be flying on a straight path from when they appeared, neither ascending or descending as they went, though their path may have been arched from the mountains to the Marriott, but it seemed at the same approximately height above ground as when they appeared. It almost seemed to me like they were showing off, flying thru a large city and directly in front of apartment windows and assuming no one could see them. For video of similar craft see the X-47B video here: [link removed/CMS/jpg]
