{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-24 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521499","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34749","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3011,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/499/mufon-5521499.json","updb_database_id":5521499}
5-8 red lights were floating in the air for about 15 minutes.

We were sitting in my friends car when all of the sudden we saw some strange red lights in the sky. There were 3 profound lights that seemed to stay in the same spot, then there were 3-5 other red lights that seemed to be moving that were around it. The 3 stationary lights, were bright and in a sort of pyramid shape (triangular but with the point up towards the sky). We recorded it for a while and then they started dimming and kept doing so until they all disappeared. The 3 stationary lights were the last to disappear. Later this night, my friend was at his house with his family when they saw another red light. He jumped in his car and started driving to a spot that he could get a decent shot of it. He got a decent, but very brief and not very detailed video of it the second time, which seemed to be a single, VERY bring and VERY big light. I have the two originals of the videos as well as the phone containing them and I also edited my footage using YouTube Video editing software, and was able to come up with a much clearer video for the initial sighting, but I need some info/direction on how to remove it from either my friends Android phone, or if I could remove it from YouTube you could get the originals and the edited ones. The second sighting was very brief and there is really only so much you can do to it, but, if you look close enough, the lights are visible in the original video, as well as the single red light being visible in the second video. I would love to have you look at the videos and maybe I could get them over to your experts, who I assume, have much better video editing software than YouTubes free service. I know that you already have a case number for a similar sighting in the SAME place on the SAME night, I would like to add my testimony and videos to the case, and hopefully we can figure this out. These sighting have been VERY FREQUENT around where I live, I have only seen them twice, but I have 2 friends who have witnessed them probably around 5 or 6 times in the past year. They were not able to get video, but I am sure they would be willing to testify. The URL to my playlist that includes the 2 originals and the 2 edited videos is right here, but if I could get some direction as to how to get the video into a format that is able to be shared/sent. Thank you for providing an outlet for me to document this.
