{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-05 05:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530499","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24979","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2261,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/499/mufon-5530499.json","updb_database_id":5530499}
3 UFOs in less than 30 minutes.

Early this morning, August 5th, around 4:30 am the power went out in my friend's home (I was staying the night there). Just not in his house, but the whole block the street lamps and all were out. My friends and I worked up enough nerve to venture outside. It was pitch black, you literally couldn't see a foot in front of you. Armed with some candles and a flashlight we witnessed very strange lighting, purplish lighting with no thunder or rain to go with it. We also noticed a lot of air traffic roughly 7 planes flew over head during this time, we never have that much air traffic period in eastern Kentucky, the planes flew in patterns making a rough perimeter around the substation. Shortly after the last of the planes we noticed one star shining brighter than the others. Lighting flashed, the star became a reddish color, another flash and it was gone. Less than five minutes after this we seen a bright egg shaped object zipping across the sky, no flashing lights like a plane and no sound. The object was in view for about a minute before vanishing. Less than 5 minutes after this a helicopter flew overhead in the direction of the craft. We were reeling, after waiting about 20 minutes another egg shaped craft came into view, this one much closer, running a zig-zag pattern before going behind some tress and fading out. These craft moved exceptionally fast, and performed moves planes can not. After the event everything returned to normal, no more objects or planes. It was 6 am by the time we were inside. Looking back we found the memories were really fuzzy and it had felt as if we had lost time/that time had went too fast.
