{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-06-12 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492499","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67038","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2523,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/499/mufon-5492499.json","updb_database_id":5492499}
{rjl} was awakened from beam of light.Unlike any light here on earth and on how it made me feel.

Was awakened by light that eluminated my bedroom and partial of my mothers room also.
My mother came into my room when I had called out to her. We could not see what was directing this light beam into my room. only when it lessened it's brightness could we see shape of object. We both observed a craft hovering about 30 ft. above our road directly 500 fet west of our home. Our bedrooms are on second floor of 2 story farm house. My mother ask me what I thought this was? The beam that was shining into our rooms was unlike any spot light I could recall. My mother asked me to call the sheriff, I could sense her uneasyness about what we were seeing and experiencing. The dispatcher asked me alot of questions as to what we were seeing. I told her it hovered evenly above our road and seemed to land for maybe 4-5 minutes. I was repeating questions from dispatch to my mother since our phone was in hallway. Sheriff said they were responding a couple cars ASAP. I hung up and went to window to watch craft. The beam seemed to stop but a rotating white light started up and then craft lifted vertically til out of sight. Within 6 minutes several Sheriff vehicles were on scene. They came to our door to tell us what they had found. Nothing on roadway. A neighbor 1/2 mile north west also called in to SO and said they saw a bright light appearing to land somewhere south of them. 
This incident left our family nervous since it was a divorced mother with 3 children. 
Was followed up later by another deputy later in the week in daylight. After reinterviewing me and me mother officer had nothing to go on. But said he believed us and he said he saw how scared we appeared.

Main thing, is trying to explane the feeling from this light beam that came into my room and the affect on me and my mother.

Mother was 34, myself 11,sister 10
