{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483499","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76377","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3846,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/499/mufon-5483499.json","updb_database_id":5483499}
{rjl} 3 orbs passed within 20 meters of me at about 25 ft high

It was about 5 minutes after midnight on January 1st 2015. I went out to see if there was any fireworks in view from my backyard. As I stood there looking at the night sky, I witnessed 3 red orbs coming towards me. They moved from west to north east. They were a solid red glow, no noise of any kind, silent. Two of them went over the high school next door to me, and the third came within 20 meters of where I stood watching them. It was about 15 feet off the ground, and maneuvered between the powerlines, trees and apartment buildings. As it moved through the area, it actually maneuvered through the parking lot through the trees and then moved up in the air to continue over the hill on the other side of the road. I am a sky watcher anyway..., we have a lot of planes come over my apartment complex because we are in a flight path for the St. Louis airport just 15 minutes down the highway. I know what an approaching airplane looks like. These orbs were not planes! I wasn't sure what these orbs were when I first noticed them coming my way. I realized I had seen orbs in the sky before, but assumed they were a plane off in the distance, even though they did not move and then disappeared.

As I stood there watching these three orbs, I just remember thinking it was interesting because as close as the one was to me, there Was absolutely no noise, no wind, and it seemed like it was " on a mission" for lack of a better reason behind its purpose. I didn't have an fear, only curiosity about them. After watching them disappear, I assumed maybe it was the police of St Charles, or the government using drones to monitor the area. I did tell my neighbors about them, and my mother. But then just let it be assuming they were drones.

But then I had another experience with them on May 3rd 2016 around 1 am. I had awoke from a restless sleep, and decided to go out for a smoke. ( I don't smoke in my residence, therefore..., no matter the hour or weather..., I go outside to smoke) I was standing there and staring at the skies as I so often do. Again, I witnessed 3 red orbs coming towards me. 1 went over the high school, and the other two were lower to the ground (about 15 feet up), as they went by. The two closest to me were about 20 meters away again. Again they were silent, and again the two closet to me maneuvered through the powerlines and then the parking lot trees, and buildings, turning slightly to the left to avoid anything along their path.

Both times I finally lost sight as they went over the hill across the street from my apartment complex.

Maybe these were drones? I don't know. I just know I thought it was odd, and especially with no sound coming from them...., and the fact that they could maneuver through things along their path made me question what they could possibly be. I would be very curious to know. Any information you might have on other sighting such as these in my area, would be greatly appreciated.

I have not found anyone else in my area who has witnessed what have have seen on this two occasions.

Thank you for giving me the opportunity and a place to share my experience with you. I was feeling rather alone with this! :)
