{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-20 19:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502499","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56502","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":12556,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/499/mufon-5502499.json","updb_database_id":5502499}
{rjl} On lake ice putting on a light show of sorts, then moved slowly left and took off fast.

See [Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]

UFO SIGHTING by [Name removed/cms/tg], P.E. and wife "B"
I, [Name removed/cms/tg], make and swear to the truth of this affidavit of my own personal knowledge.  We live on a 1,000 foot peninsula (Baxter Point) in the middle of Great Pond (a 5 X 7 mile fresh water lake) in Belgrade Lakes, Maine, U.S.A.  Belgrade Lakes is a chain of five pristine fresh water lakes in the area.  Our living room is forty feet long three feet from the lakeside looking east and consisting of five quite large six foot by six foot Andersen windows very close to the water.   The view toward the east is quite spectacular.  At about 7:05 P.M., on 20 February 2012, I noticed a bright white light out on the ice about 4,000 feet away in the southeast direction.  I pointed this out to my wife "B", thinking it was a snowmobile.  She noticed that it was not moving, which was rather unusual.  Then she noticed that it suddenly reduced in size to a small bright red dot, and then it grew back to a bright white light about twenty or thirty feet across.
I ran to the summer house on the opposite side of the peninsula to get a pair of binoculars in the kitchen that we use to watch our resident Osprey family in the summer.  I observed the bright white UFO light and could see what appeared to be some sort of vehicle with a hump in the middle.  There appeared to be a search light shining around on the ice nearby and also toward the shore about 2 miles across from us.  At one point the vehicle displayed a sharp red line totally across its width from left to right, estimated to be about sixty feet, and I exclaimed 1Oh my God!  It is some kind of vehicle!1
I ran to our boathouse to fetch a second pair of binoculars from our 19 foot Century, hoisted up for the winter.  "B" and I stood just outside our winter house door and watched when the vehicle suddenly shined their bright white light directly toward us.  I estimate that the white lights must have had several thousand Watts of incandescent power since the color was incandescent white rather than a more bluish LED white.  With such bright lights, I listened for some sort of engine and or generator to power them, but there was total silence and no sound whatsoever coming across the ice, and no wind whatsoever to mask any sounds that might be coming from the vehicle.  "B" became frightened, went inside, and begged me to come in also.  I wanted to stay out and watch the vehicle and went in only because I felt that "B" would be less frightened if I did go inside where I could still observe through our huge living room windows.  I was slightly frightened as well, but mostly curious and excited.  The vehicle seemed to be at a safe distance, but them shining their white light directly at us was somewhat eerie.  It was not a white spotlight, but rather a large unfocused incandescent appearing light about twenty or thirty feet across, about one third the width of the vehicle itself.  There were no windows, but the vehicle seemed tinged all over with reddish markings and dim lighting so that all the details and outlines of the vehicle were clearly visible to me in the binoculars.
Coming from the boathouse with the second set of binoculars, I had a flashlight in my hand, and I seriously toyed with the idea of flashing it toward the vehicle, but I made an easy decision to not do so.  My idea at that point was I was not going to bother them, and I did not want them to bother me.  For example, if they approached us, I would not have grabbed my nearby and always fully loaded (and a spare box of shells) 357 Magnum hand gun to protect ourselves, or anything hostile or defensive like that.
I assume that the worst that could happen is getting stuck with a few needles, and this is not a serious injury or life threatening situation which would justify a self defense argument under our common human laws.  There have never been any stories or evidence that such beings have any evil or hostile intent.  Just curious scientists that poke with needles and take samples, as we humans would do.  Perhaps a little artificial insemination, as we humans would also probably do.  A fertile woman would have every right to shoot at them, but any shots would probably bounce off harmlessly.  We are at their mercy, and so we might as well be nice and not have any harmful intent toward them, in my philosophy.
Isn1t that what Jesus would tell you?  Of course it is!
There is a bright green light that we maintain at the end of the point where we live, which has been a tradition for owners of our property since the early twenties.  My powerful short wave radio taped (actually on a computer CD) ham radio and physics program simulcast on 3.890 MHz. and 14.275 MHz. was also going, as it does 24/7.  I wonder if they listen to my programming, on the air since 1987?  They might be amused, or perhaps they allow their 1children1 to listen in.  Imagine that!  Me, a former high school physics, chemistry, math, and 8th grade science teacher as a role model for alien children!  God bless their curious and eager to learn little hearts!
I really doubt that any government on earth has any physical evidence of these 1guys1 or their vehicles, any more than a Maine black bear hoards human specimens in his den.  They (aliens) make damn sure that all we ever see is their light shows and that no detailed pictures ever get taken.  Excuse me Mr. Bear, but you are going to have to put your camera away!  Remember, I did not photograph what we saw the other evening.  We never even thought about our digital cameras, which we normally drag out for almost any reason.  I cannot explain this oversight.  I had plenty of time to walk out on the ice and shoot pictures with my digital and even film type cameras, all loaded and ready to go.  It just never came to mind, except that we are scared to walk on the ice this time of year, and they probably know that.
SPECULATION:
Alien child: 1Hey mommy and daddy, let1s land on the ice out in front of "Mr. B"1s house.  I really like "Mr. B"!  It will be so much fun!  Can I play with the spotlight?  He is such a nice man and so is his wife "B".  They would not even dream of hurting us!  Perhaps he will show us his short wave radio station.  On second thought, we can just go over and look around after they go to sleep.1
Later: 1 Boy, "Mr. B" has a lot of cool stuff!  Those vacuum tubes in one of his radio transmitters are kind of cool!1  Quaint, but still kind of cool!  Hey, this copy of his hard drive back up has some real neat stuff on it!  Lots of photographs, music, audio, and even his a cappella group.  Their taste in music is quite interesting!  I loved their two cats.  Hey, mommy, why can1t we have a cat?1
Why else would a UFO land out in front of Oak Island!  Perhaps my recent interview of chemistry Nobel Laureate Dr. Pople peaked their interest, as we discussed the Schrodinger equation and Dr. Pople1s computer programs to approximately model atoms and even compounds. 
Their visit seemed friendly enough and they did not want to scare us.
I got the sense that the 1beings1 in the vehicle were having some sort of technical difficulty with their UFO.  I considered calling 911, but I decided not to.  I don1t have the number for galactic AAA!
Either that or the alien kids were just playing around with their searchlight, as when the Obama girls were flying Air Force One in circles around Washington, D.C!  Remember that?
Finally, the vehicle moved slowly (slower that a snowmobile) on the ice about 2,000 feet to the left (southwest) and then their very bright red and white lights simply blinked out.  There were no more lights throughout the night, and the next morning there was nothing out there on the ice.
I can cite over a dozen other equally credible observations over the years in this area by several life long friends, but nothing for me quite compares with a personal observation.  I particularly noticed that there was no sound whatsoever coming from the vehicle.  And why all the lights?  Certainly not very discrete!
The more I think about it the more I think that their appearance was intentional.
The questions of physics I have are how do they manage gravity, and what is their power source?  Their anti gravity might be magnetic, and the power source might possibly be matter 1 antimatter in nature.
A physicist friend of mine suggested that they might use powerful gyroscopes; an interesting idea!
I have not pursued this sighting by walking out on the ice to look for evidence or to measure abnormal radiation, etc.  For me, I am now scientifically convinced that UFOs really do, in fact, exist, and that, as a physicist, I need to factor this into my ongoing research, particularly with regard to gravity and matter 1 anti matter reactions such as I write about in my Anti-Neutron Theory/Model of the atom.  See [Link moved to FI section/cms/tg .
For some reason these 1guys1 don1t seem to want to bother me or "B", and we have no desire to bother them.  When I was a teen, one of these UFOs chased my water skiing buddy, Nancy, down the road, blanked out her radio (Buick car with the top down), and the next day the local newspapers reported other sightings.  This gal had quite some trouble getting pregnant after she got married, and then suddenly she popped out three!  My theory was that they wanted to poke her with a few needles regarding her seeming infertility, but she got away from them! 
I  see no conflict whatsoever by this with Christianity in particular or human religion in general.  It is quite 1their1 choice.  I can1t contact and visit them, but they can come calling on us here whenever they wish.  We are pretty much sitting ducks.  Oh well!  
The kicker for me is that I could clearly see that the vehicle was not snowmobile or truck like in nature.  That, and the sharp red light for a few seconds from left to right of the vehicle that was humped in the middle.  As some further back up information, my good friends across the lake saw a similar vehicle years ago, about 1,000 feet out from their huge picture windows and hovering over the lake silently for almost one hour.  It had white, blue, green and iridescent lights.  They remember exactly where it was: 1Between those two trees1..etc.1 as "B2" points across the lake to the opposite shore about 2,000 feet away.  I had to pry the story out of her; at first she claimed 1I don1t remember!1  I said, 1"B2", you do not forget things like that!1  Later in our conversation she calmly told the story vividly and believably.  For what it is worth, she is a graduate of Julliard School of Music in New York City.
Small wonder that most governments would not officially recognize such phenomena, since there is nothing anyone can do about it, apparently.  I did not even bother to report this to any police or other government officials.  I have discussed this incident with numerous friends, and no less than five of them had their own, and new to me, hair raising UFO stories to counter with.  The best and newest one was a triangular craft hovering over a neighbor1s small pond up the road at about 300 feet.  At first they thought it was cool, and then, scared to death, the all went inside.  About 20 years ago.  Then, zip, away it went.  Faster than humanly survivable.  Exact quote from Joyce, 1They are real!1 
They are here and seem to fly around among us in many different forms, in plain sight, and with total impunity, and even showing off a bit!  President Jimmy Carter saw a UFO with numerous witnesses one time.  The lights, he said, were red, white, and blue!  Hellllllloooooo!   Incredible!	

Sworn before me,

/s/__________________________________, Notary Public     (Original at [Link moved to FI section/cms/tg] )
Dated:____________________________________
