{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-06 22:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490499","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69083","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2944,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/499/mufon-5490499.json","updb_database_id":5490499}
{nd} a spaceship (UFO) followed me home and would have abducted me if i had been willing to go.

when I left Spokane to go to Odessa I had seen an star that seemed to really stand out.For some reason after that I noticed I was having trouble multi tasking. Which iextremely out of the norm. I have ADHD and doing multiple things at once usually helps me. I also felt very different in my mind like i was not in complete control. I drove from Spokane to Davenport fighting to keep my mind focus on the road my brain was spacing unlike ever before. I stopped in Davenport to reply to my sisters text and it was also about that time my radio transmitter that allows me to listen to my phone over the radio died so I put my headphones after I had put my headphones in my brain quit feeling as spacey. I was relived that my brain quit spacing and figured it was my ADHD acting up and the music was helping. about a mile past Davenport I saw an object that stood out and my first thought was don't get your hopes up that just another drone but I still wished that they would abduct me. Well shortly after that I saw what i thought was a fog but it was in patches and I thought it was extremely weird there was fog because of the weather. well I just kept driving and a bright light shone in through my rear window and I was focused on the road in front of my and assumed at first that a larger vehicle with their brights were on behind me well when i looked in the rear view mirror i saw just one light sorce and no car so I turned my head towards my back right side and saw a intensive white lite coming from what looked like an giant IPad that was connected to a black appendage that was connected to a gray probe. when i looked back and saw that I was really scared and I prayed to God and said I change my mind I take it back I'm to scared to.but I also feeling extremely happy because God had answered my prayer. my emotions went back and forth rapidly between being happy and scared and I started yelling holy crap their real their omg their real and I said I cant go right now i need my sister and the light went away out of the back of my window but the craft was above my car the whole time. I know this because my car was making a shadow on both sides in the dark even when I turned my lights down. Right before I drove into odessa the shadow left.
