{"collection":"UPDB-BAASS","document_date":"2008-07-07 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-baass-report-6053098","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"B-015G","source_file":"UPDB-BAASS/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":6053098,"updb_source":"BAASS"}
One Bubble Shaped That Became 3 Lights In A Triangle Formation

Catalog Entry: B-015G
Time of day: Night
Weather: Rain
Shape: Bubble Changed To Triangle. Boggess Compared The Bubble To The Kind Blow Into The Air. Actually, The Lights Suggested The Object Was Shaped Like A Triangle Even Though There Was No Distinct Edge Or Border. No Visible Markings Or Identification Were Seen.
Size meters: This Bubble Was About 2' In Diameter. For The Triangle Shape, Boggess Also Stated If The Lights Were On The Actual Corners Of The Craft That Would Make It Comparable To The Size Of A Piper Cub. The Standard Measurements Of A Piper Cub Are, 22' Long, 80' High And Has A Wingspan Of 35'.
Trajectory (Lift / Propulsion): Direction: SE
 Movement: the bubble was slowly moving towards him and now over his head and had changed into a triangle shaped craft. Boggess did not know how the bubble changed into a triangle shaped craft or if it actually did. Boggess' only explanation is at first the triangle appeared to be a bubble and was farther away than first believed. As he continued to focus on this bubble he realized it may have appeared to look this way cause of reflections from the lights in the parking lot or surrounding city lights. Boggess continued to look up at the object as he searched for his vehicle in the parking lot. Next thing he knew the object appeared as the triangle he is now describing. The craft appeared to by moving in a level attitude. The craft travelled over his head and continued for a distance of about 3 city blocks and came to an abrupt stop. In an instant the craft ascended straight up. Boggess said the craft stayed in the same level attitude because the bottom lights stayed on the bottom of the object. The craft ascended up through the clouds and out of sight. The lights did not illuminate the clouds as it penetrated them and travelled out of view.
 Speed: He compared the objects approaching speed to a Piper Cub airplane. The average cruising speed of a Piper Cub is between 71 and 90 knots.
 Distance: 50 feet
 Altitude: 25 feet
 Angle of Observation:
 Effects:
 
 
Nature of Phenomenon: Count: 1
 Color: black
 Surface:
 Windows:
 Miscellaneous:
 
Light Emissions: Three Lights, One At Each Corner. The Three Lights Were Approximately 3' In Diameter And Were Blue In Color.
