{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-16 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284139","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119290","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2447,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/139/mufon-5284139.json","updb_database_id":5284139}
Strange glowing lights south of Portland

I grew up with an Air Force parent living outside of an Air Force base and have seen a lot of military craft/ aircraft, but this stood out immediately. 

For a little context - My husband had just picked me up from PDX; I just moved here and he was driving us home. I was paying attention to the skies, because I noticed just how much of the sky you can see in Oregon, as opposed to our previous home state. 

I saw some craft with red and green lights blinking, and it immediately struck me as odd. At first I thought “well, Oregon probably has some weird helicopters I haven’t seen before,” but the longer I watched the lights, the less that made sense. My husband then as well and thought they were odd, but was driving. I tried to take a video but it didn’t turn out at all (and yet I’ve always made fun of people that witness UFOs and don’t manage to get evidence lol.)

The craft seemed to be moving away, then hovering, then moving, and ascending and descending. It was too large to be a drone, and the path made no sense/did not move like a helicopter. It seemed to be following the ridges along the River. We saw it the most around ridges in Oregon City, and lost sight of it a few times on the drive, but I managed to watch it for quite a while with the last time I saw it being (I believe) across the River from Oregon City. It seemed very low at that point - lower than I would imagine a helicopter would get. The lights also glowed in a way a normal craft would; they seemed to have their own aura, if that makes sense. 

It was just such a strange happening, and on a personal note, just such a strange time to see something like this, as I was highly emotional from the move and processing everything that it seemed too odd of timing (if I was ever going to see a UFO) to believe.
