{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-31 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489139","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70494","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2410,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/139/mufon-5489139.json","updb_database_id":5489139}
Black object flying north above the M1 from East Midlands Airport UK

I was being driven back to Leicester by my family three of us were in the car my father was driving my mother in the back we were in a Citroen C4 Picasso which has a large sunroof. as we drove south passing Junction 24A of the M1 we noticed an aircraft on its approach to East Midlands air port the sky was still light and had broken cloud. as the aircraft landed I also noticed a small dot on the cloud it was several miles away. as it approached my father said "There is a helicopter too." 
As the object approached it did not appear to be a helicopter there was no rotor there were no lights windows or markings. it was rectangular with a fin pointing toward the ground. It appeared very black I could not easily see its three dimensional shape I did not believe it was a UFO I thought it might be a bird, a balloon or a black bag but its shape remained consistent it gave the impression of being a jet black stone. It was traveling faster than the on coming traffic. It flew in a straight line and its slight appeared stable without any hovering. There were no exhaust emissions and no noise louder than the car. 
I leant forward in my seat and watched it go overhead it at an altitude of 300ft and appeared to be traveling north I watched it through the sunroof my mother complained that she couldn't turn around to see it. It appeared to be a dot once more and I lost sight of it. At the time I didn't believe it was a UFO it became stranger as I thought about it and had no explanation for it. I regret not taking a picture or following it. 
A few days later I had a dream about the incident where the object appeared to be a telescopic inspection basket for changing streetlights. I heard my self saying in the dream "Oh its only one of those."
