{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-04-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487139","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72533","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3040,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/139/mufon-5487139.json","updb_database_id":5487139}
{cak} Observed UFO just above tree tops. Observed two lights/orbs decend from the main unit to below treetops.

Myself and my co driver were en route from Thunder Bay Ontario to Cleavland Ohio s/b on MN SR61. Approximately half way between Thunder Bay and Duluth we pulled into Cascade Lodge Restaurant for coffee and to get warmed up. This we needed to do as the alternator in the Freight liner we were driving had quit working and we needed whatever power we had in the batteries to run the lights so the cab was very cold. My partner left the window table where we were seated for about five minutes or so. During that time I turned to gaze out of the window and immediately noticed some type of object with lights from one end to the other just hovering sort of parked in mid air just visible above the shoreline trees. Fascinated and mesmerized I couldn't take my eyes off it. During the time I watched first one then another light, orb like I suppose, appeared to come out of the underside of this object and slowly descend until they went out of sight below the treeline. As I recall the lights on the main, larger object were white and the two lights that descended appeared the same color. In fact it almost seemed that the lights that left the larger object were at first some of those that were on the hovering object but as they left none of the main object's lights disappeared so I had reasoned at that time the detached lights were in fact something separate. I did not see the two separate lights again. The large object slowly descended below the tree tops out of my sight and did not reappear. I was stunned at what I just saw and then at that time and still to this day believe I saw a UFO. I did not mention this to my partner then or ever and I have only recently mentioned it to my kids. It has always remained in my memory although not quite as clear as that night but not so fleeting as to wonder what I believe I witnessed. As an afterthought, I had never considered any connection between the UFO and our loosing the alternator that night until very recently while reading accounts of others experiences where vehicle electrics became an issue. Can't be sure to this day if the two occurrences are related as the alternator had quit prior to this event but what do I know? I did not have a camera at the time so I have no photos. I have searched the internet however and found some images that very closely resemble what I saw.
