{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492139","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67411","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3574,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/139/mufon-5492139.json","updb_database_id":5492139}
{jpg} Evolution . Spiritual Experience . Contact

I had a spiritual experience starting 9-11-2011. Many things happened.I believe I am an evolved (spiritually) human working for god and the good aliens. I "ascended" on 9--11-2011 and my life has never been the same since. I am an authentic lightworker and avatar. The good aliens contacted me about having a baby for evolution and frequencies. I have experienced many different types of aliens. I think they ate interested in me because I am evolved. Not only did my knowledge base of who I am and why I am here and how I perceive the world changed...I also gained other abilities. I am super psychic. I can speak telepathy. I can hear others thoughts. I can hear other humans thoughts just as casual conversation and it is AWESOME!! I did not ever experience any type of craft. All aliens came in their true form or on terra as humans. One type is the pleidians, she got me through a Facebook page. They are garnering peooe from her Facebook page. Crazy but true. She is an energy and just floats above me and talks to me in my head. Another type is a light being that came by light but I can't remember much. It happened during my dreams. Another time was humans looking like FBI agents that spoke telepathy to me. They drove in a car and acted normal. I liked speaking telepathy with them. They said they came to help me but were hiding so I told them through telepathy to go kick rocks. Another type is the greys and the reptilians. I had a grey in my head. It was neon green and just plopped into my head and body. It stayed there for many months and I eventually had to kick it out by focusing. I lost my baby. There's some type of battle between the pleidians and the grays. I was in the middle of it with my baby. I also was in love triangle with a guy in order to get pregnant that was kind of a setup by the good aliens. A new race of evolved beings I guess is what seems to be apparent. I also experienced reptilians, I was in their lair in a dream sequenc . Caves? They were having strange sex and strange beings. I did not like it. The bad aliens want our god program. I think I am one of those who evolved into something the bad aliens want. I think I am "metagene factor . Something of comic book lore. I truly do believe I am evolved. I am able to perceive god and that I am a part of God. Knowing came into me that I am also part alien and that I am a lightworker here for the fifth dimension. Light workers, be careful. Some humans have made light work into a casual religion. It is not. I also came to find out I am an avatar. My recent channeling is that dark is light, the feminine rising , the fifth dimension is coming. YES I UNDERSTAND THIS IS ALOT OF CRAZY INFORMATION. YES I UNDERSTAND IT IS HARD TO BELIEVE. I COULD WRITE A BOOK ABOUT MY EXPERIENCES. I WANT PEOPLE TO HAVE THE KNOWLEDGE AND NOT KNOW. SOME ALIENS ARE GOOD AND SOME ARE BAD. EVEN THE GOVERNMENT DOES NOT FULLY UNDERSTAND WHAT IS HAPPENING
