{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-12-16 07:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549139","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5926","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2243,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/139/mufon-5549139.json","updb_database_id":5549139}
Unusual contrail jutting up from horizon to sky, round circular light glowing

I was lying in bed.  About 5 a.m. I saw the last crescent of the moonrise from my bedroom which faces the southeast. I dozed on and off listening to the radio. Around 7 a.m. I looked out the window and there was a bright light, whereupon I put on my glasses and saw what looked like a big jagged lightning strike, but it was thicker than lightning and remained. It started from the horizon, went left and then back right.(It was jagged left and right like lightning) It reminded me of the contrails you might see when you watch rockets take off from Cape Kennedy. I went looking for my camera which didn't have batteries in it. Went back to the window, and to the left of the white lightning contrail, there was a glowing white light. It looked like the moon thru a thinly veiled cloud. But it wasn't the moon, because the moon had risen and had passed more to the south. I could see the moon off to the right.  I went to look for batteries, still couldn't find them. When I returned to the window the white ball of light was gone. Shortly after that the white contrails disappeared also. By 7:09 all was gone. 

I watch a lot of sun rises from my bed during the winter months and this has never happened before. The sun finally did appear on the horizon about 7:53 a.m.  So the lights weren't something from the sun. 

Just wonder if anyone else reported seeing anything. I'm located about 10 to 15 miles from the western Pennsylvania border in Ohio. There's no way I could judge how far away it was, but there are no big cities or factories for at least 50 miles from my vantage point.
