{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-14 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483139","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76797","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4047,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/139/mufon-5483139.json","updb_database_id":5483139}
{dr}Heard taps and saw lights inside home. went to back sliding door and saw small white craft hovering about 1 foot above ground in my back yard.

It all began when I was awakened, about a year ago with a very loud "bam" (like a blast of a cannon) in my left ear. I went to my Doctor last year when this happened and he said everything looked fine within both of my ears. Ever since then, I have been experiencing sounds in that ear that sound like Morse code (even right now), and sometimes ringing, beeps and humming noises (all electronic like sounds) . I also hear taps, pops and ticks on my ceiling and walls inside my house, especially in the living room, master bedroom and office. I cannot escape this and it is very tormenting to me. I also see blurps of light out of the corner of my eyes, sometimes what seem to be a very dim light that flashes in the room but my boyfriend does not hear or see any of these things. My Dog does fixate on something everyday and night and then turns to look at me when I notice her staring. About a month or two ago I started believing that my neighbors are somehow involved with this and that they are monitoring me by video and audio equipment. I thought that all of this was coming from up in the rafters, through the air ducts behind the metal grills around the inside house. Sounds crazy, I know! I truly feel watched all of the time. One night, about May 14th or the night of the full moon, I decided to stay up after my boyfriend was asleep and try to catch these people in the act. I shined my flashlight in every vent, one by one with all lights out. I kept hearing noises in every other room but the one that I was in. I kept seeing dim light flashing here and there and heard someone small walk across my roof. I went to the back sliding glass door that leads out to my back yard and I thought I saw a small one man tent that was illuminated by the light of the full moon. I figured these "kids" were brazenly camping out in the yard. I didn't see any movement and it didn't quite look like it fully was on the ground. I started to get real scared and did not want to shine my light on it for some reason. It felt like someone was right behind me so I decided to go back to bed. I got up the nerve once again to go back and look, it was gone. By this time the clock was 5:00 am. Next day, my wrist watch was 10 minutes ahead, and since then my day setting, trips in half day increments. Two weeks ago I had child like, two digit finger print bruises pop up on my left lower part of my arm. Two days in a row I had what looked like a very small needle mark on my left arm in two different places with small dots of blood on my white sheets and comforter. I wake up with vaginal soreness on occasion. I now have what feels like a bone spur in the ball of my left foot that "Just" popped up out of nowhere. I've changed every lock on my doors and even put a deadbolt on my office door. As of yesterday, I signed up with ADT for three years. I am frightened at bedtime and sometimes keep a light on next to my bed and remain vigilant throughout the night . I am tired all of the time and can't talk to anyone about this for fear of being judged. Beyond all of this, my 30 year old son recently found out that he has a benign brain cyst at the base of his brain, in the most dangerous spot for surgery. Can anyone help me? I am sooo confused as to why this is all happening to me at this time and so recently.
