{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-06 20:44:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529139","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26397","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3136,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/139/mufon-5529139.json","updb_database_id":5529139}
Triangular shape over freeway, turns into ball of light, disappears.

On Oct. 6, 2010, I was driving with my wife and daughter,traveling toward Victorville, CA on I-15 Southbound about 10 miles south of Barstow at 8:44 PM when we saw a triangular shaped object at about 100 feet above the ground,slightly to the right of the freeway, and just under maybe half a mile ahead. It glided out over the freeway and then off to the right again, slightly, moving slower than the freeway traffic (70 mph). As we were on the freeway, with other traffic, we passed by it slowly (directly underneath it, my wife,Yesi, and daughter could see it out their passenger side windows). It continued off toward the north over the hills, then turned toward the west, about a half mile north of the freeway and traveling at the same rate of speed as the freeway traffic. As I could only look occasionally, they continued to watch it for approximately 2 minutes. The craft was a perfect triangular shape with three bright lights shining straight down from the bottom at the corners and a small red light on what we assume is the back of the craft. This red light was obscured by the craft itself when it turned and headed west. It was pretty dark, but we could definately see the horizon still. The craft itself was hard to make out except for its lights. When it headed west, the three downward facing lights went out and the thing turned into a pulsating ball of light for 20 seconds, maybe, then it got very bright, very large, and simply disappeared. We couldn't believe what we were seeing, we couldn't believe we didn't have the camera! The odd and perhaps strangest thing of all is that we very recently became very interrested in the whole ufo phenomena. We watch shows like ufo hunters and have seen video similar to what we saw that night which made it even harder to believe. You know, come on, REALY? Are we hysterical? No, we know what we saw and felt because we did't have anything other than our testimony, it wasn't worth reporting. But we definately started looking for any other reports like ours on the internet. Then we found a video on youtube. I don't know whose it is but here's an address for the video: *(Link moved to Additional Evidence Section--CMS/sg). We feel that this is exactly what we saw. And until we found this video we weren't realy interrested in reporting what we saw, but now we feel compelled. Whatever is depicted in the video performs, looks and glowed, and disappeared precisely the same way as the craft we saw on Oct 6,2010.
