{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-13 01:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488139","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71514","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2547,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/139/mufon-5488139.json","updb_database_id":5488139}
Read Below

I believe I have been visited several times over the course of my life.. most recently was in my home last night. In the past I blocked it out, but last night I made an attempt at communicating and remembering what was happening and what I was feeling. I felt like I woke up to a presence in my room but was paralyzed. I tried to open my eyes but they would not open. I felt intense fear at first and was sweating and my heart was pounding in my chest and what felt like pounding in the back of my head. I then tried to relax and attempted to talk or communicate by thinking the words.. "What are you doing to me and why are you doing it? I wasn't asking in a panicked way.. but in a way telling them that I didn't mind what they were doing, but I would like to know what it was for...)It seemed like I was able to get a couple of very brief and minor glimpses of what a traditional grey alien was, but it seemed to close up and brief to be able to make out the rest of the surroundings. I felt pressure on my chest and intially felt some form of contact on my face and head and then a pressure or pulling sensation in my scrotum and testicles. My body then relaxed a bit and the pounding in my head and my heart began slowing and It felt like I opened my eyes, but my mind seemed to be still fuzzy or cloudy, like I was in a dream or illusion of some kind. At that time, I remember a different looking being looking at me with a peaceful.. almost caring/loving smile. I can only describe it as having long/ slender limbs, long flowing blond hair, larger than human eyes, but very human looking.. a very small nose and blueish skin. This being was what seemed like a very attractive female hybrid of some sort. I am not sure how long it lasted but I estimate it to be 30-45 minutes. It feels odd describing this in this manner and I don't take this lightly.. I don't understand it, and I didn't know who to share it with.. If at all. "J"
