{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1952-07-01 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463139","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97817","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3071,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/139/mufon-5463139.json","updb_database_id":5463139}
he Detailed Description of Event: (cannot be edited)	Ia{rjl} my family I saw a ufo directlyoveer hea

I 1952 my father was stationed in Norfolk Va. aboard an LST. We lived in the Del-Mar trailer park, as did about 95% of the residents. In July of that year at night everybody in the park heard jets at night. The next morning all the kids and adults talked about the jets were chasing flying sauces. One night we heard a loud explosion. The next day the talk in the park was that a jet shot down one of the flying sauces. Some time that month my family and the family that lived next door went to a local beach. Returning home around 2-3pm both families were getting out of our cars when one person hollowed "hey, there is one of those flying saucers." Everybody looked up and we watched it for about 10mins, until it flew out of sight. My father turned to all of us and said "this never happened, and never talk about it." I never spoke of it until within the past few years I told my wife about it, at which she told me she also had seen one when she was a kid. Last year I published a memoir and I related that story in the book.

Another story. In 1963 I went on active duty, boarding the USS Dyess DD880.In 1966 we went to Viet Nam, upon our return I left the ship in January of 1967. IN about 2007 or 2008 I went to a ship reunion. Speaking to 3 of my old shipmates the related to me that shortly after I left the ship it went to Cuba for what we called a shakedown cruise. While there one day the ship was 'on duty' and circling Cuba. The Captain called over the loudspeakers for all hands, who were not on duty, to come topside. My friends went topside and they told me that they saw a UFO, about 1 mile wide following the ship.
I still live in Mass. but we go Pine Island Fla for the winter. About 2013 or 2014, not sure of the year, one night we were walking our 2 dogs. Looking up we saw a large UFO. From what I remember it was a glowing red ball and leaving a green trail. It came only about a 1/2 mile from us heading from East to West. We watched the news that night the broadcasters asked "did you guys see the UFO tonight" they then laughed and continued with other news.

My wife and I both believe in UFOs and aliens. We watch all UFO stories we can, including Hanger 1 and Ancient Aliens. To date I have never heard anything about the stories I haver related to you. Mostly I am interested in the Little Creek Va. incident. Feel free to contact me.
