{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-26 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453139","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108491","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3580,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/139/mufon-5453139.json","updb_database_id":5453139}
at least 2 ships - one like a dot or star, other brighter with appendages, may have been others

first ship - first night just lights moving about in an invisible square, pink blue maybe yellow, pretty, sweet. This ship was there for at least 5 nights so far, the last time was last night.After first night, it is still when first observed and appears like a small faded star. When looked at it, starts moving. The first night after the night with the lights, it was a small star in the sky until I looked. Then it moved toward me fast and spooked me so I went inside. The next night it started moving towards me and then it and the sky around it lightened and seemed to pop out of the sky towards me and got bigger like a zoom lens on a camera. I spooked and went inside. The next night it moved in a straight line directly downwards toward the ground fast and kept going but never got anywhere near the ground. It seemed like it was also getting closer to me. The next night it moved downwards again and also towards me but swung out to the sides. Seemed like I could sense the quality of driving fast like a race car on a curve. I saw some lights around the edges that night and also some of the other nights. One night it seemed to be struggling to get free of the clouds or something and never did. I think I spotted one or two other ships doing the same thing across the sky.  I expect to see it again tonight. At one point I tried to communicate that I wanted it to respect my boundaries and not come in the house or too close to me until I feel safe. After that it never came towards me.there was a second ship around 3 nights in which was much brighter and had appendages. It moved one night when my husband came out with me, but the other nights stayed still. Another town around an hour away has been having sightings also and I heard from them that these were friendly aliens here to help, but I was still wary. Then a close friend told me she had heard the same and that they could read thoughts and had healing powers. . Since I had experienced the telepathic quality and also I have a torn rotocuff in my shoulder and it suddenly got much better over the days the ship had been communicating with me, so I trusted her, and last night and the night before put out telepathically that I had more trust and they could come closer, but they did not. I would like to know if I am safe to continue to engage. I do not want any abduction or to go on their ship them to be in my house, or be overridden in any way but I am very attracted to this growing encounter at the same time. I would also like it to continue helping me heal my shoulder. The being seems to me to be sweet, considerate and very enthusiastic about connecting with me. Over the last few days the ship will kind of jump up when Ilook at it like it is excited that I am there! Or I could be imagining all of that!.I would be happy for you to investigate this and come out and see it if it is of interest to you.
