{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-01 23:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490139","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69455","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3615,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/139/mufon-5490139.json","updb_database_id":5490139}
{rjl} Many events, boy do I have somethings to tell you.

I live in an area not far from a nuclear power plant, in fact I can see the plant when the trees have few leaves on them from my living room. I live on a hill in a small neighborhood that is secluded and over looking a town. I like to walk at night anywhere from 10pm to 2am, I started walking at night about 4 or so years ago, since then I have seen multiple sighting of what I believe to be ufos. I can have all of my stories collaborated by my younger sister who walks with me at night (I don't like to walk alone because I live in a very wooded area and am afraid of coyotes which are close in the area). Since I started walking I have seen many different types of things in the sky, I first started noticing them when I would look up at the stars in the sky (I love astronomy) I would see what looked like stars but they weren't and they weren't planes either because I see a lot of planes, I can spot planes. 

            These blips (I call them) were very high up in the sky (mostly) and only appear when planes aren't fling in the sky, they fly faster than planes and change direction abruptly I see as many as 2-7 a week, I never just see one at night usually there is one and a few minutes later a different one. They usually always fly in the direction closer to the power plant even if it is very high in the sky, I will never see them in the direction of the town, but it may be because of the light pollution (I can see the town lights from my hill). 

        The blips aren't the only kinds 'things' see in the sky, I have been witness to a few other kinds too. More recently in the end of July I noticed a very strange orb flying very wobbly in the distance in the tree line facing the nuclear power plant it was very bright (blue-ish. White-ish, maybe yellow-ish) saw it on two occasions both in the same few days, my sister was also witness to this. About a week later my neighbor (who is a year and a half older then me) came over to my house and I asked her if she had seen anything strange recently. She described to me exactly what I had seen only she was parked next to the river a few miles downriver from the power plant (which is in the river) she also said it seemed to be up high around the tree line of our hill. 
  
        There is more, I have also seen two slower lower large orange 'orbs' go across the sky a few months to a year ago very close to my house, it was very frightening. And even before that about 2 years ago was one of my first sightings, it was sunset and my two little sisters and I went for a walk around our neighborhood (it's a circle shape) and when we're were on the other side of the neighborhood and we turned to look at the sunset (which was within half an hour or so. When we turned around we saw what looked live a flame slowly going over our neighborhood, it moved slowly and didn't move in a straight line and it lasted almost a minute then dissapeared.
There will Definetly be more sightings.
