{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452515","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109126","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2897,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/515/mufon-5452515.json","updb_database_id":5452515}
USS Yellowstone AD41 Early 1980s

I was stationed on the Yellowstone in the early 80s. The ship had 3 cranes, two traveling 120 tone cranes and one center line 220 ton crane, i was the main operator. I spent 85% of my time on deck, did not like to be below deck much. I saw the report of the lights in the water recently, and i know the seals had active operations/practice on the ship, I think those were the lights, i was present when they came aboard, they came aboard, no one saw them, they made it to the bridge and secured the captain. The object i witnessed was an air contact. One night i had midwatch, 1200-0400 hours, We were headed for Puerto Rico. I was positioned on the forward, starboard side of the ship. After standing watch for a while, seems like there may have been some time loss, it was just there, cant remember how it got there. I reported an air contact 35 degrees altitude and approximately 25 miles distance. It was a bright white ball a little larger than a golf ball at 25 miles. The reply on my headset was "Good Job, it's exactly 25 miles". At that time i replied "what the hell is it", the response from the bridge was, "Shut your fffnn mouth and keep it fffnn shut" And i never brought it up again, and i dont recall several hours after that. Lets rewind 2-3 weeks. I was below deck and was approached by a second class petty officer he asked me if i would be interested in becoming radcon qualified, I was perplexed because the ship ran on diesel engines, but said what the hell. sure. He brought me some really simple tests, i took a few and passed them. Shortly after that the petty officer showed me the reactor below deck, there was a reactor on that ship, never saw anything like it, it was lit up and about the size of a small compact car just sitting there glowing white and there was red. I stopped taking the tests and never heard from that petty officer again or never saw him again. I never really put it together until recently that the reactor possibly had something to do with the object i saw, Frankly i was 18 years old and really didn't give 2 shits. Either way it seems like the same old crap, no witnesses no evidence nothing. Dont get me wrong im very interested in your organization but it seems like your fighting a loosing batttle here. Not much more i can say.
