{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521515","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34733","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3275,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/515/mufon-5521515.json","updb_database_id":5521515}
showed up on digital image AFTER photo taken; not visible to the eye

Wife and myself off road by farm to take pictures with digital cameras. I got about ten uneventful/ordinary photos. However, 4 of them showed additional images not visible to the eyes of either myself or my wife. The images appeared to change nature, shape, color, and location - across all 4 photos. in first pic, there appears to be bright green, translucent glowing mist, serpentine sort of drifting shape - like smoke. Cannot see with eyes. total shock to see on the photographed image, when nothing of the sort was seen by either of us. 
in the second picture, the green smoke has already gathered at the opposite side of the field, and appears much larger, with a lot more smoke. In the center of the smoke is a bright glowing whitish/greenish irregularly shaped brilliant light - to the left of it is a red, translucent, boomerang shaped red shape (looks like lens flare - from the glowing object). 
In the 3 pic the glowing irregular (perhaps basketball size) bright light has moved and appears on our side of the field, and still has the red lens flare to its left.
In the 4 pic, the object is leaving the ground and hovering at the opposite end of the field, surrounded by quite a large serpentine-like hovering bright green mist or smoke like substance.
I have these photos on my camera, and have entered them into my photoshop catalog.
I would be happy to email them, and/or have someone examine them. I have no idea what the images are.
We did NOT see these images during the time we were taking pictures. They simply were invisible to the naked eye but somehow detectable through digital medium.
I do not understand what Ive got. But it is quite weird; very strange.
My email address is [Email address removed/cms/tg].
My wife and I both felt shock and surprise that my camera took pictures of something wed not seem at all.
We do know that these images are not anything ordinary that we can think of.
NOTE: Im NOT SKILLED at digital photography, having shot film all my life. I need some help from you guys to load the whole set of pics. I had taken some normal ones too, and they are good to establish a kind of baseline, and as control pics to compare with the anomalous ones. Youve given me only 3 slots into which to send ten pics. Tell me how to get them all to you.
