{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-04-03 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469515","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91007","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4790,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/515/mufon-5469515.json","updb_database_id":5469515}
{td} Did not see ufo

Approximately April 3, 2005, at approximately 7:30 pm I made a left turn on James Road off I-104, in Columbus Ohio, headed North on the one way when I noticed someone walking from the wooded area on the west side of the road headed east. They were gray from head to toe and was sort of leaning back and walking as if their feet were heavy. I slowed down and laughed to myself thinking 'wow, they have on a Halloween costume and they are way late.' They were walking with their head down as if in deep thought and kind of smiling. They seemed intelligent and they were headed toward the road. I thought for sure they would stop but it walked right out in the middle of the road in front of my car and it was startled by headlights and just stood there.

I was not thinking alien -- I didn't know what it was. I screamed "Oh God don't let me hit this thing." I was approx. 15 ft from it and traveling about 30mph. There was a lot of traffic behind me and I did not want to slam on my brakes. So I motioned for it to get out of the way. But he continued to just stand there. I'm breaking but the car was only slowing down, when I got to within 5ft from it I motioned for it to get down and was saying "get down" while motioning. He angrily glanced at the hood of my car as if he was thinking that the hood of my car was a better option. He then looked back at me as if seeking approval. I was looking back at him like you better not jump on my car and try to scare me.

I saw his expression change from angry to passive aggressive as if to say I'm only doing this because you said it. Then he squinted his eyes and bent his face forward to get a closer look at me and I was screaming at this point because it was impact time. Any human or animal would have been hit. However, the car was about an inch or less from his body when he noticed my expression. He quickly looked down and back up at me as he was going down at the speed of lightening. 

I gasped! I couldn't believe it! All I could think was 'he did it! He understood me!' And Oh no, this thing is under my car 'keep the wheel straight.' I did not hear a thump or anything and I brought my car to a complete stop being careful to drive just a little further because I didn't know what it was. The car behind me had stopped and the thing was lying in front of their car on the ground and traffic was backed up beyond the intersection. Through my rear view mirror I could see it laying on the ground and it was holding up traffic. It laid there for at least a full minute and I thought, 'oh no I killed it.' To my surprise, he began to slowly pull himself up and he continued to walk across the road toward another wooded area, but he was visibly shaken. 

With all the bright lights shining on it I could clearly see that it was an alien. He was gray and very thin with a big head. he was about 5ft tall and did not have big bug eyes. His face looked like the alien pics except for the eyes which looked almost human and animal. He showed expression. When he got up and continued to walk across the road the person behind me turned their car around on a one way, negotiating the berm through traffic to get out of there. I continued on to 70 East stunned that this alien is actually comfortable walking around out here. I saw it with my own eyes and communicated with it and it understood. I wasn't the only one who saw it. I know at least one other person saw it.

I was scared to report it then because I didn't think people would believe me and I still couldn't believe it even though I saw it with my own eyes. I still needed proof. He laid low for about two weeks because he knew he had been seen. And sure enough, the news reported strange animal mutilations in that area and immediately I knew what it was. They talked about it once and then I didn't hear about it any more.

I uploaded sketches and it looked like a cross between the two. It had the big head and something like short animal ears.
