{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-02-08 05:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455515","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106094","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2440,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/515/mufon-5455515.json","updb_database_id":5455515}
{tjd} Observed 20 craft on a flight path SW to NE, one at a time, as one faded from view in NE the next appeared from same point of origin in the SW.

Awoke at 4:12 AM CT, reason unknown. Decided to go outside and watch the night sky, unsure of exact time I exited the house. First craft caught my attention moving from the SW, I observed it didn't appear to be a "normal" airplane and was at a higher altitude than commercial airplanes travel. I watched the first craft cross the sky at approximately 35-45 degrees (elevation) from the horizon and eventually fade from view in the NE. At that point something told me to look back to the point of origin of which I saw the first craft. A second craft came into view, at a slightly higher degree from the horizon. Followed the same SW to NE flight path. As the second craft faded from view, I looked back to the point of origin and a third craft came into view. The third craft was again at a slightly higher elevation from the horizon and traveled the same flight path from SW to NE. 
At one point during the sighting, a commercial airplane crossed overhead in a slightly NW to SE direction (not quite an exact W to E flight). I could hear the sound of the airplane and in comparison to the craft being observed realized the craft were at an altitude considerably higher than the airplane, which appeared to be at a "normal" cruising altitude of 30-35 thousand feet. 
I observed a total of 20 craft, one at a time, each at a slightly higher elevation than the one before. The last craft passed directly overhead. When the twentieth faded from view I looked back to the point of origin, did not observe another craft appear. I waited a couple of minutes, just to be sure none would appear, before stepping back into the house. As I entered the house I noted the time on the range clock was 05:39 AM.
