{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-24 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512515","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45801","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3396,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/515/mufon-5512515.json","updb_database_id":5512515}
{dr}bright dome shaped light hovers between trees then descended under ground - with beam

Out on my back lower deck at 3:00 a.m. noticed brilliant white dome shaped light at base of 2/3 trees - about 4 ft wide and 3-4 feet high at ground level. Soft but brilliant glow. I looked up at sky (thinking it could be moon light) when I looked back down the light slowly diminished into the ground at the base of 2-3 trees with trunks close together. It maintained its dome shape while sinking into the ground. The light was very bright white with a sort of blue overtone (like those high speed car head lights).

Right after the light disappeared underground, a super bright white beam shown through my back fence and traveled along the fence line until it was just about in front of the trees where the dome shaped light disappeared. At that point, the beam light disappeared as well. My fence is not solid, theres a plank in front and then a plank in back and so on. Sort of slatted. I thought perhaps a car was backing out of its driveway and reflected onto the fence, but Im in the end unit of 6 townhouses and theres no break for light to shine from the front. The light beam appeared to be about 10 inches in length and moved slowly the length of the fence line (about24 feet).

At first I thought it came from above (the dome shaped light) and looked for the moon. When I was convinced there was nothing above to generate the light I fixated on, it and it immediately began to "withdraw" into the ground. It disappeared slowly - but maintained an even rate of descent. The edge of the light dome remained "fuzzy" until it disappeared. I remember saying out loud "what the hell is THAT?" 

When the vertical beamed light shown on the fence line and traveled from one end of my fence line to the other I became quite nervous. It moved almost as slow at the dome light withdrew. I glanced at the back of my house expecting to see a continuation of the beam reflected, but there was no light on the house or on the lawn. The beam through the fence was only about 2 feet off the ground level.

Once the beam disappeared my heart was racing - I could hear nothing at all...but went back inside the house. I did notice when I first went out on the deck how incredibly silent it was out there. Normally Id hear night noises (critters etc) - but it was dead silent.

PHOTOS attached show trees there dome light was (from ground level to about 4 ft tall) AND fence that beam shown "on" or "thru"
