{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505515","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53335","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3720,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/515/mufon-5505515.json","updb_database_id":5505515}
{nd} Strange bright Amber lights rising above the Snohomish Valley the past few months

For the past few months just after 6PM all the way up untill 12PM I have witnessed some strange very bright amber colored lights rising up above the Snohomish valley. These are unlike any normal aircraft I have ever seen. Sometimes they rise by themselves, slowly. Sometimes they rise up in pairs, and recently I witnessed 3 of them rising up in a arc formation. But they were all very, very close to one another. Not something normal aircraft would do. Generally they rise up and seem to hover for a minute or two then slowly start heading in a South direction, this is when the bright amber light dims and red and green lights begin to randomly flash like airplanes wingtip lights but both flashing lights are visible along the side of the craft. No noise is ever heard because they are about 5 Miles away. I have a vantage point from the top of the valley. I have seen these so regularly lately and I have never seen anything like them, that I decided I wanted to know what these where and drove down into the Snohomish Valley and tried to get a closer look. This just ended up leaving me more confused. I followed two of these weird acting craft and noticed they seemed to act almost like honey bees pollinating flowers. They would fly over a residential area, then hover and the amber light would come back on. They would spend several minutes in that same location then the amber light would dim and the green and red flashing lights would turn back on and it would move on a few miles, then stop and hover over some more houses. Both the craft I witnessed doing this seemed to stick together the whole time and were never more than a mile or so apart. I was never able to get to more than a mile or so away from these craft, before they would stop hovering and move on. I witnessed this activity for over 30 minutes before I decided to head back home since I wasnt getting any closer to finding out what these where. I reported to local media, but they didn't seem interested.
This past Monday while traveling southbound on I405 near Woodenville. I witnessed something similar. This time I witnessed one of the brightest white lights in the sky I have ever seen, just hovering maybe a mile away from the freeway. This thing was blinding to look at and I know all the drivers around me witnissed this also because it was so bright. I saw one person pointing. Then the bright white light dimmed and it moved maybe another mile to the opposite side of the freeway and this time 4 extremely bright lights lit up across the side of it. These lights were so bright you had to squint your eyes just to see the road ahead and not be blinded. Eventually they dimmed again and fly off slowly to the South.
Both times, the craft hovered and flew maybe only 500 feet above the ground. No noise was ever heard. And the best way I can describe their flight characteristic was like a bee flying from flower to flower. I wasnt going to file a report till this latest incident happened on 405. It was unreal at the time and hasnt left my mind since.
