{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-17 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481515","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78495","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2424,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/515/mufon-5481515.json","updb_database_id":5481515}
{cak} Very bright light moving in from east. just

I am a MUFON member. I am also an ex field investigator when I lived in Scranton, Pa. I am submitting this report mainly to co-oberate report no. 78494 which occurred in Nashville, Tn. on 2016-07-08 as that report is EXACTLY the same as my sighting in Aug. and two weeks later in Sept. of 2013.

 I was sitting on my front porch reading when I noticed a very bright (almost sun like)light approaching from the east. The sky was still blue and I needed no artificial light to aid me in reading my book.

 At first I thought it was a headlight from an approaching plane as we are not far from The Avoca Airport. As the light got closer I saw no red or green lights and heard absolutely no noise from the object. The very bright light was low enough and close enough that I should have seen appendages sticking out and heard a propulsion unit. It cruised toward me until it just stopped dead right across the street from my house at not too high an altitude. 

It was about the size of a pea at arms length. It pulsated three time getting about twice as big and then returning to the pea size. after the third pulsation it immediately blinked out just as if you turned off one of your house lights. There was nothing and I mean NOTHING there after it blinked out.

About two and a half weeks later I was sitting on the front porch.(By now it was the first week in Sept.)once again reading at the same time of evening when the exact same event as I just described occurred once again. 

It was a CLONE of my previous sighting- Every thing exactly the same. Only this time The eight year old Nepalese neighbor kid was with me. He also saw the light and tried to take a picture of it with his phone but nothing came out. That's it ! I have seen numerous MUFON reports exactly like mine.
