{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-23 20:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504515","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54374","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3150,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/515/mufon-5504515.json","updb_database_id":5504515}
{kt}Observed round, silent, fire colored, object Approx. 1 to 2 miles away, moving north to south , straight and level, approx. 3000 ft., approx. 200 knots.

I was standing on the west side of my house looking west when an almost perfectly round, fire colored object caught my eye. My first instinct was that it was an aircraft on fire. As I watched it move from north to south I realized that it wasn't an aircraft and the color was as if you were looking at fire during the daylight but it was full dark. It wasn't as bright as fire would bye at night and there were no flames trailing. All color was contained in what appeared to be a perfect circle. The craft appeared to be approximately 3000 ft. Altitude, from 1 to 3 miles away, cruising straight and level at between 180 and 220 knots, north to south. It was silent. A neighbors dog, in the next lot north, barked for the first time I ever heard. The size of the craft and speed are hard to estimate because I'm not sure how far away it was and had no reference. I was 
absolutely focused on the object as I walked north in my yard and watched it disappear to the south into some scattered clouds, approximately 7 miles southwest. This property is just south of Daytona International in very busy air space. I have been a professional pilot for 17 years. I taught in the airspace and at the time was a corporate pilot flying a Falcon 2000 out of KDAB. I had lived in the house for 11 years and have seen just about any aircraft you can think of fly by at one time or another. I have never seen anything like this, ever, in flight or on the ground. It's the only craft in my career that I don't have any idea what it was. I called the Port Orange police department to see if they had any other reports of strange flying objects. They didn't have any other reports however they did send an officer to take my report. The next day I called the Daytona tower to find out if they had any information on the event. The man I talked to said he was personally in the tower at the time, 2035, the previous night and had seen nothing. He was snide and condescending. I expected more from another aviation professional. From the direction the craft came from it should have flown by the KDAB tower. It was in there airspace when I first noticed it. After that experience, being disbelieved by the air traffic controller, I dropped the issue. For some reason I am compelled to report the incident now. So I have. Note that the month and day are very approximate. It was a long time ago. The time of day is correct.
