{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487515","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72146","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4773,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/515/mufon-5487515.json","updb_database_id":5487515}
{dr}Low,triangular, transparent object that made zero noise.

This happened a cpl years ago and I was never going to report it. What brought me here to do so some two years later started off because of youtube of all things and I wasn't even watching ufo stuff to begin with. I watched a vid about Mars because of some story I read on the net and the suggested videos off of that video reminded me of my experience so I googled the description of the object I saw to see if anybody else had ever seen what I saw because it was pretty unique and different from the classic cliche ufo sightings that are out there and sure enough, people have. 

What I looked up was "triangular, transparent ufo" and it brought me to a guy that had taped one in night vision. The one I saw had no lights but the one this guy saw did. But here's the kicker that brought me to this site to report.. To his naked eye, there was no visible lights but through his night vision camera, there were. That made me think "if I would've had night vision too, would I have seen lights?" His story gets explained away as a plane up high being re-fueled by another. But I'm a 1000% confident that that is NOT what I saw. Let me explain why.

Now this happened super fast. Approx 10-15 seconds at most, but probably a bit less that that in all reality. Prob more like 7-10 seconds. I went outside to smoke a cigarette around midnightish. I was facing the east. I was staying at my girlfriends house and I live more in the inner city where you can't see the stars so well due to city lights. Where she lives is still in the city (suburbs) but her block is really dark with no lit up street lights on it and the lights from the surrounding busier streets are kind of blocked by her house so you can see the stars a LOT better than at my house. It stood out to me because I'd go outside to smoke at both places. I like astronomy and that sort of stuff too so I'll commonly just look up at the moon and stars and think about the cosmos or just stuff going on in my life. I was looking almost straight up at a brighter star and fixated on it when all the sudden this really low, triangle shaped, transparent object flies under the star I'm looking at (I could still see the star through it). Without being tracked on that star I don't think I would've seen it for obvious reasons (it was transparent). I tracked it with my eyes and it was moving due east. Completely silent. For the first few seconds it was moving relatively slow but as it got to about a 60-70 degree angle, it all ofl the sudden tripled in speed and quickly darted out of sight. It seemed to sort of curve downward with the natural curvature of the earth and the house I was at at sits at a higher elevation than the surrounding area so I my prospective was good. No trees right in front of me to block my view and there's a building next door, and her front yard is higher up than the roof of that building. It's like you're almost level with the tree tops in the surrounding distance so I didn't lose sight if it until it was just a little bit above the horizon line. It wasn't huge but it wasn't small either. Probably the size of a golf ball in relation to the sky and the star fit easily inside of it with room for 15-20 more stars to fit inside of it. I've seen planes super high up in the sky. It was clear that this was definitely closer due to size and speed and even how the star looked in relation to it. I'd say 1000-5000 feet with 5000 being VERY extreme.

This sighting isn't extreme or crazy like the kind of sightings you see on TV (seems not worthy of reporting really compared to those) but the reason I'm going ahead and putting this on here is just in case other people in my area might have seen the same thing at or around that time or just seen it ever period.. It has been so long that my date of this sighting is "approximate". It really was strange. I kind of stood there weirded out for a few minutes and once 15-20 minutes passed, I started even second guessing myself if I actually saw something, but in all reality, I KNOW I did. I mean, I tracked the thing steadily all the way to the horizon for several seconds.
