{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-06 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522830","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33180","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3860,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/830/mufon-5522830.json","updb_database_id":5522830}
Noticed bright hovering object in northeast pulsating green/yellow/red lights, dropped 3 small red pulsating objects. Similar pulsating object appeared in the east, also dropped one pulsating red object.

On the evening of Sunday, November 6, 2011 at 7:00PM EST my wife was outside our home (which is 3 miles southwest of Frankfort,Kentucky). She noticed a bright pulsating light to the north-northeast. I went outside and immediately noticed the object, which was about 40 to 45 degrees above the horizon and appeared to be hovering over downtown Frankfort, Kentucky. Object was noticeably brighter than stars in the sky. Weather was clear at the time, no clouds noticed in the area. When I first saw it, there appeared to be two smaller red pulsating objects circling below it, then these disappeared. The main Object appeared to occasionally give off a flash of white light, kind of like a photography flash bulb. Object was hovering at high altitude, much higher than the helicopter traffic we often see in this area. It did not emit any noise. Object moved up and down very rapidly but remained fixed over the same area around 7:15pm. I am estimating it was 3-5 miles away, guessing in the area of the intersection of highways US-127 and US-421, this would be on the north side of Frankfort,KY. We observed this until 7:30pm and went back inside. I went back out at 8:00PM, the object was still in the sky in about the same position as before. At 8:15pm, Object also appeared to fall suddenly dropping maybe 5 degrees on the horizon. At this point, we saw 3 small but very bright red lights dropping down out of the main object one right after the other. Two of these began heading due west at slow speed. The third red light remained hovering below the main object, then at very high speed moved towards the other two red pulsating lights. They then moved into a triangular formation and headed off due west at slow speed. At this point, I went inside and got a set of binoculars, through the binoculars I could see that each of the red lights was actually 3 pulsating red lights in a V or chevron type shape. Hard to tell size but definitely in a V shape and flying in formation. The red objects did not emit any sound. At 8:20pm we noticed a similar object to the east had appeared also with the same pulsating green, red, yellow lights. Then about 8:25pm we saw the eastern object drop suddenly in altitude and stop. Suddenly the eastern rotating object dropped a single red flashing light...through the binoculars it also appeared to be 3 flashing lights in a V-shape, also headed due west at slow speed. Same type of 3 sets of pulsating red lights in a V-shape as the previously observed ones. Aropund 8:45pm, The westernmost object moved south at slow speed towards us, this would have put it over downtown Frankfort,KY or US-127. The eastern object I would guess would be in the Versailles Road/US-460 area maybe ?? We called the Franklin County, Kentucky dispatch center non-emergency number, they said quote "What do you want us to do about it ?" The dogs in the area have been barking continuously all night since about 6:30 if that means anything at all. At 10:30PM this evening we went back outside, we observed that both of the main objects were gone.
