{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-10-21 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487830","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71825","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4393,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/830/mufon-5487830.json","updb_database_id":5487830}
Saw single multi coloured flashing light in sky. When broadside, cigar shaped, then like firework sparkler stars continuously falling from rear until out of sight.

This event happened approximately 1967/68, at about 9:30pm. It was dark at the time, so that it must have been either late autumn or early spring.

I was walking home from an evening college class in Bilston, a suberb of Wolverhampton. I was a full time college student, studying Mechanical Engineering at that time and was so, from 1965 to 1969. After leaving the college Annex (an old school), I was walking home on my own. Home was only about 3/4 mile away from the Annex.

Whilst walking down a footpath between two adjacent roads, I noticed a single multi-coloured flashing light in the sky, off to my right and in the distance. Approximately from the direction of Birmingham (SE?). It was moving very slowly and just looked weird, so I stopped walking and watched it, until it flew past me and eventually disappeared, in the general direction of Wolverhampton (NW?).

As it came towards me, the single light at the front was continuously pulsing, changing from White, to Red, to Orange to Yellow etc. As it drew side on to me, some several minutes later, the front light became not noticeable and I could make out the greyish cigar shape of the craft itself. At this point it became apparent, that what appeared to be something like a firework "sparkler", was continuously burning from the rear of the craft and the silver "sparks" from it were continually falling downwards. I do not recall them actually reaching the ground. The sparkler effect was then visible from the rear of the craft, until it eventually disappeared into the distance.

Upon getting home, a short while later, I spoke to my parents of what I had seen and was met with a great degree of scepticesm and was told to ignore it. I decided to report this to the local police anyway and telephoned them a few minutes later. They were very interested in what I had to say and sent two policemen in a patrol car to my family home, to interview me and to take a statement from me. I have never heard anything since from anyone on this subject, but I have mentioned it, in the course of discussion, to my wife on occasion over the years, which has lead me to making this statement to you today and after watching several MUFON programs on the tv.

Some twenty years later, whilst with my teenaged daughter in a local Library, I was browsing through some UFO books (as it has always stayed in my memory since the day that I saw it), with a view to seeing if I could see anything that looked even remotely like what I had seen that day. In one of the books that I was flicking through (book title unknown unfortunately), there was a picture/drawing of almost exactly what I had seen on that day and had reported to the police.

I did telephone the police last year, after hearing that the UK had released information on many of the UFO reports that had been made over the years, to ask if there was any way that they may still have the report that I had made, all those years ago, but I was told no. Documents from the 60's would not still be held locally at all. I did also make contact with the UK Records Office etc. to ask about the recently released UFO files, to ask if they could help me to uncover my original report, but I have to say that they were less than helpful. I would still love to know what it was that evening that I saw and if it had been reported by others as well.

I hope that this information is of any use to you and would really be pleased if you have even the remotest information on this event.

Very Best Regards....

John
