{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-04 01:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504830","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54054","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6192,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/830/mufon-5504830.json","updb_database_id":5504830}
{cak} See unknown lights on game cameras. saw stationary star like object omitting lights shooting from it. camera catches fog like things all the time and streaks of light is ongoing.

I did not put down the dates because the dates on the first game camera was not set correctly. There have been numerous pictures taken by different game cameras that I've put out that catch funny looking lights as well as fog like things we cannot understand. I first put out the camera to try and catch something that was getting chickens that were caged. I have pictures in my laptop of these funny looking lights. One is kinda like a small spinning object. I've kept 2 of these photos of the one that was spinning. There are pictures of streaking lights, one a mule is staring at. It was in the middle of the night. There are so many different types of things that seem to be going on. One night I called my boyfriend that was at his house at the noted address and ask him what he was doing and he said laying here in bed watching lights shoot out of what looks like a star. He said I was sure missing a light show. I hurried over to his house and saw the same thing happen only twice. He said it had been continuous before I arrived. I layer in bed starring at this star like thing that was above the tree line for over 2 hours and I finally went to sleep because it was just sitting there doing nothing. There is a security light near where this was happening and it was located above and to the west of the security light. There are no other lights where this thing was. The fields I filled out above describe not one sighting but this one plus all the other streaks of light we see on the game camera. There are several I have of a fog like object taken in the pen I had the game camera located in. I was still trying to catch whatever had been taking the chickens. I moved it around several times and seemed to always get something weird on it. One picture shows large lights like something from way above is shining down on the area of his house, pens and shop, like four or five illuminating., like four or five fingers of light coming from the sky. I also have one picture that shows four lights or funny illuminating right in front of the camera between the chicken pens and the game camera. We have also seen an orb of some kind bouncing around in the bed of my new pickup truck when we parked and were checking out the pickup bed camera. Seeing how it worked. It was dark, parked in front of his (boyfriends house) and stationary. This light basketball size object was in the bed of the pickup moving around then out of the pickup bed when he turned on the camera that shows the bed of the pickup1.we both freaked out as to what it was. I really don't know what all these things are that we've been catching on my game cameras but it doesn't seem to matter what camera I put out it catches streaks of light and some appear to be coming from not only the side of the camera, across the field of view, but also from the ground up. One pic shows his mule looking at one of these streaks. The next picture shows the streak in a different place like these streaks of light are moving and are all around his place, in front yard, in the pens, etc1.He was working in his large shop one night and saw a flash of light and thought wow there's a thunderstorm coming up he thought it was lightening. Then he walked out the door to see and one went right by him very fast. He was telling me about it and said not only do the cameras catch these funny things but I saw one in person. So1.There was only one time there was a stationary object that had shooting objects coming from it. The other times are ongoing that show light objects that my camera catches. The fog looking thing it took picture after picture of and I have them here on my laptop. I can send these to you as well as some of the other funny looking lights. I didn't have the dates written down so just filled in the above with any time. The camera I have on his front porch right now has the date and time set correctly. The pic's of light streaks on it will be correct. It is like we are in a vortex or whatever black hole or something where these things are happening because it is ongoing. I finally think it is time to share whatever is happening with you. Game camera pictures. The below pictures on #2 and #3 have the correct time and date. Picture 6 I have numerous pictures taken in sequence til it is daylight and the last one the camera got was after it got light. i have many more pictures, still hunting one in particular.
