{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-18 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497830","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61486","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2817,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/830/mufon-5497830.json","updb_database_id":5497830}
Strange plane fly's straight up, and an other object passed en is breaking abrupt to change direction

When i came to the place i spot there was an white orb flying arround.....
Fast i get my camera ready and i filmed it 11seconds and then it dissapier??

The next 10 minuts i filmed the sky's and then there was an airplane comming.

I stop filming and getted a sigaret, and then i looked again to the airplane.
But now it started to change direction and was flying straight up in the sky's.....

At first i thaught it's a optic illusion but it was to close by....

Then i start filming again...... i was filming the strange direction from the airplane and then i saw a white orb comming out of the clouds....
It fly's in the direction of the airplane or what is was....

It flew to the airplane and they crossed, the orbs flews down and then it
stopped just like an alivator and change a little bit his direction....

There's no airbase in this area......[Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]

Earlier for this movie i filmed to a strange airplane.... it looks like an spaceshuttle....On my channel are more movies from strange obejects in the area from Enschede And Diepenheim.

An the orange orbs are a lot from them here... Filming them now over 11months they always come back to the same area.... Every time i try to come closer, they always dissapier then. We tried everything to film it better, but it's glowing to much that we not can't see what for object is in it.
Sometimes they flew arround over the threes and other times they a verry high in the air and are just seconds visible. We filmed a change in to an airplane. And in feb. we saw it landing and made pictures from it i raw withe the fotocamera....

If someone could help us with that, i'm filming with the Canon legria hf m36 with a x2lens on it and 15x digital zoom. We use with filming the SLowshutter speed then he piks up more light.
And whe shoot pictures with the Canon eos 70D with a cameron 200/600 lens on it.
How could we get better material to Solve this orange orb Case?
Someone who have tacktical tips for us?
Are there more people who see this orbs?
In the Netherlands are more and more sightings from this orbs the last months.
