{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-02 20:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529830","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25679","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4572,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/830/mufon-5529830.json","updb_database_id":5529830}
Green fast moving orbs in car

I first reported this incident here at:

*Link moved to Additional Evidence Section below -- CMS/sg.

Instead of just copying and pasting what I wrote before I'm going to try to remember again from my memory best I can. 

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? I was with my girl friend in my Ford Expedition. We were leaving our house in Lake Las Vegas traveling southwest on Lake Mead Drive about a mile from the entrance of Lake Las Vegas. I was traveling about 50 mph at the time. We were going to eat at Fiesta Casino in Henderson. Immediately after the incident occurred i looked at the clock in the car and on my blackberry. Both said 8:03 pm. 

2. What made you first notice the object? I was looking at my girl friend who was sitting in the passenger side and I started to notice the ambient light above the car go from darker shadows to lighter shadows fairly quickly while we were driving, I remember thinking to myself what the hell are those shadows. As soon as I thought that in my head, I started seeing these bright neon green orbs flying around the inside of the car. 

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions. The best way I can describe those lights was that they seemed like the size of tennis balls or ping pong balls, its hard to tell because it was like a light source but they seemed to be flying around in the car. I was looking at my girlfriend in the passenger seat so I could see the rear of the car with my peripheral and it looked like the lights were dancing around in the back too. I specifically remember the lights passing over the tops of my thighs and the center console of the expedition. It almost felt like it was scanning the car. The green lights moved quickly, so fast they left those lit up optical traces you see when a light moves fast in the dark. The color of the lights was a deep green type of light. Almost like the green light of a stop light but much a much richer and deep green. This whole incident maybe lasted 2 seconds. I honestly can't say if I remember seeing the lights on the outside of the car. Because the lights were moving so fast and were inside the car my head was concentrated at looking inside I forgot to notice if the lights were outside. My girlfriend says she saw the lights from outside but she's not too sure. Her perspective of it was she was looking through the side view mirror and she said she could see the lights dancing all around the inside of the car. A part of me wants to say I saw some lights in a light purplish color but this may have been an optical illusion at the way the lights were flying around. But me and my girlfriend both agree that we did see deep green lights. The lights were bright, like I was staring into a neon sign but it didn't seem to bathe the car in that green light. I mean the car was lit up but it didn't seem to paint the inside of the car a specific color but it was hard to tell. As soon as the lights came they just all shut off and it was gone. The reminds me, the way the lights first happened it wasn't like just 1 or 2 and slowly more. It was right away a lot of lights and very fast movement, then gone, it was back to darkness. After the incident I slowed down hard on the breaks and yelled "what the hell was that". I immediate looked over head but saw nothing. 

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object. When the lights first turned on in the car I immediate thought it was a toy or some kind of electronic had turned on in the back of the expedition. But when I started to notice the lights shining and dancing around I knew it wasn't a toy and I got goose bumps all over my body. I slowed down and went to the next place where I could make a U-turn and wanted to turn around to see what it was. My girlfriend said she was scared and freaked out and just wanted to get out of there. We went to Fiesta Henderson and ate and saw nothing else.
