{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-09-18 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503830","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55084","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3638,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/830/mufon-5503830.json","updb_database_id":5503830}
The only light coming off of the UFO was that of the sun.

I have had many UFO sightings in the past 10 years. Witch are what I believe to be as real as it gets! My sighting could only be more if a space being knock at my door. I have no pictures. The object that I have seen does not come from earth. My sightings have all been entry in and out of earths atmosphere. And all took place at night. None of these objects seem to have a light of its own. They are dark, and travel as a shadow. They are not hard to find. I catch them coming in to earths atmosphere. Coz like all objects that enter. They start to burn up and give off a glow. My first sighting, was in the late fall. 3 of us me my brother in law. And his brother. Arrived at my home at the time. I'm guessing the time to be around 10pm. A clear night. Stepping out of the car. I looked up at the night sky. The stars so bright. A few seconds looking up. I see that one star was getting brighter and brighter. Then in a spilt second it was getting Demi to the point it was just a faint shadow in space. It travelled on a curve to what seem to be towards the centre of the Milky Way galaxy.it went out and in a split second again came right back in the same trajectory. It all looked the same it came in super fast. Burned up and back out to the Milky Way. I've never seen these in day light. I've seen them a few times here in NB where I live and a few time in Alberta in different locations. They are not hard to spot. But they are hard to take pictures of. Because they up so high. In AB one time on a very clean night I watched 3 objects coming in and out of planetary space. The object seem to be playing. I sometimes think they want to be seen. They were going out farther in to space. One of three was gone. So I watch the two. Playing,dancing in space. A good 10mins. They were going up and down from one and other. One would go up. The other down. I couldn't understand what they were doing. If this was not other worldly beings.Then some military some where's has some pretty good capeabilltys. Scare to think that. The 2 dancing objects just got so far away that they could no longer be seen. The last object I have seen like this. I watched it coming in to our atmosphere. Start to burn. It's like it came straight down. Getting brighter and brighter. From where I live I was looking north. It dropped in to a hight of I would say 30-60000 feet. Then went NW. Moving very fast. I've worked in Grand Cash Alberta. 29km up top of a cole mine in the mountain . The nights sky so clear, so big you can see so much movement at night. You can see these UFOs on any clear night. They are out there.they move so fast it makes them hard to see. You have to come up with ways to see them. You can't see them by looking in one spot you have to move your head around. From one area to and other. Some times I will be looking in one direction. Spin my head around and stop focus hard then catch a flash in the corner of my eye. Not blinking turn to that object and watch it coming in.
