{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292830","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110486","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2382,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/830/mufon-5292830.json","updb_database_id":5292830}
Alien Abduction shadow person see through ufo

I thought I was dreaming that I was being transported a lover the field across the street from my house. It’s a dairy farm over there. I thought it was cool and said wow. Then I started to come to while apparently sleepwalking in my front yard. I saw what I thought was my brother who had just died in October of 2014. I thought he was waving at me and calling me over to him. I said what are you doing out there and he turned into a shadow person that went up into this small oval see through wispy looking object just above the telephone pole. It’s surface was reflecting the stars and it almost looked like the heat waves that come up off of a charcoal grill in the summertime. At the exact same time I saw something come up to me on my left out of the corner of my eye. I turned and saw it and went to scream but it paralyzed me! It was so real and I was struggling with it on the ground screaming and I could feel it's skin! I know exactly what it looked like! It was skinny with long arms and legs (the proportions of a Euthiopian child) with a large head and its skin was Pale-ish tan and smoother than anything I've ever touched, fragile almost! It touched my head before it attacked me and that caused me to go limp and I couldn't yell out help me! I was absolutely frozen! As I went down to the ground with this thing on me I passed out in fear! I woke up around 5 or 6 am spooked. I thought it was a dream till I went out on the porch to smoke a cigarette and my hair pins were on the cement where this thing took me down at. I also had a very itchy rash with a bump under the skin at the base of my skull directly on my spine that would come and go for a few years later. Now I have a scar there from itching and digging at it
