{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493074","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66446","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2806,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/074/mufon-5493074.json","updb_database_id":5493074}
{cak} Friend and I saw an extremely bright orange glowing ufo while camping at Joshua tree in california in early 1990s

My friend and I decided while we where traveling to California from Florida in the early 1990s to go to Joshua tree. I had heard a story that there was a man years before who believed he was in contact with aliens that lived in a giant rock. We decided to park the truck right next to the giant rock, sit on the tail gate and spend the night looking for ufo`s. As luck would have it, some time near 11pm to 12am an extremely bright orange glowing ball of light ascended from behind the mountain that we where looking towards. I remember feeling excitement that we where seeing a ufo. But at the same time I thought it is probably man made. It was so bright it lit up the whole side of the mountain. It must have been visible from many miles away. We had no idea what it was. We ruled out airplanes, blimps and helicopters. The object emanated orange light from all sides. so it was not a spotlight. The orange glow never wavered. Our distance from the Mountain was hard to tell. If I where to guess I would say anywhere from 5 to 15 miles. The object hovered just above the mountain for at least 15 to 20 minutes. Then all of the sudden two fighter jets came from behind us towards the object. As the fighter jets got close to it the object descended back down behind the mountain. The fighter jets then flew off. After a short period of time the orange glowing ball ascended back up from behind the mountain. It hovered for a while but once again the fighter jets came from behind us flying toward the object and the object descended back down behind the mountain. The object once again ascended back up a short time later but once again the fighter jets where back. This happened at least 4 times. The last time the object ascended from behind the mountain it started to ascend and fly to our right at a slow speed. We watched it until it was to high and far for us to see. The object made no noise. My friend took many photos of it But his camera went missing. At the time I thought this must be a common occurrence out here. I assumed this orange glowing sphere must be seen all the time.
