{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515074","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43108","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3339,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/074/mufon-5515074.json","updb_database_id":5515074}
{cak} two objects. first moved across sky did two eliptical loops. second shot across the sky tracking the first. at 5 times the speed of the first. as the second shot past the first the first took an evasive anagle

I had a very interesting weekend. On saturday night I went with a few friends to see Peter Gabriel at the hollywood bowl. He put on an amazing show. It was great.

So after the show we walked back to my friend Ks apartment where he lives with his wife and two sons Rex and M. We were enjoying some drinks and stuff at his place when around 12:30-1am this event occurred.

I was sitting on the couch and M, Ks son called us out to the balcony. He says "oh my god come quick i see a ufo". I immediately say "ok M youre probably looking at a low orbiting satellite." Which is common but not likely in the middle of the city with the glow of the city lights. So we all walk out to the balcony and look up at the sky.  M immediate points out the first object. It is a very bright light moving at a significantly fast rate of speed. The first object was bright but clearly far enough up to be out of the atmosphere as a satellite would be. From where we were looking it was moving left to right across the sky.  

After about 30 seconds this object stops in mid flight and does two loops. As it completes its second loop, a second object, a bright light as well, shoots across the sky in the same direction as the first. It looked as thought it was tracking the first. This second object was moving at about 5 times as fast as the first. As the second object shoots past the first object, the first one takes a hard 45 deg. angle away from the second and shoots off at a faster rate of speed than it was originally going. It looked as though it was making an evasive maneuver away from the second object. At this point both objects speed out of sight.

Now I don't know if you believe in ufos or extraterrestrial intelligent life, but I do. I have seen things before when I was much younger but have never said anything about it because I didn't want people to think im crazy. After this event, which I witnessed with several other friends, I am not afraid to make these claims.

We discussed this for an hour after the event and we all agreed on what we saw in the sky. It gives me the chills but at the same time i feel liberated to finally come out about it. We even saw a news broadcast several minutes later on tv. They cut from their normal programming to report it because many people call the tv station to report it. So we were not the only ones to see it.

I attached a diagram to show you what i saw exactly.
