{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491074","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68499","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2943,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/074/mufon-5491074.json","updb_database_id":5491074}
{rjl} 2-3 football fields wide,seemed even length? Black.looked like the mobile underneeth, it had molded waves afront to back (like a custom hood for overhead cam or blower) no seems that I could see. It made a breathy sound, quiet but noticable from it

I was outside in my front yard throwing Frisbee for my dog. it was dusk but more light than dark I heard a sound that was between rushing air and a quiet rumble. I'm sure if I were inside I wouldn't have heard it.I Have timber (Doug fir,cedar)along my property line,and as I looked to see what it was, a huge black shape started to appear over the tree tops it seemed extremely low as it came further in to view and was about 3 lengths of my house(prefab 70ft.long)at least... it was moving so slow. It was completely stable in horizontal position and the speed was absolutely steady. Now, I live in a military fly zone and see and hear jets all day long, fighters, radar planes in air being re-filled with fuel in air by jets and hose,small private craft ect. I thought maybe it was a huge stealth or an experimental object. I definitely felt like I was being covered or being shut off from the sky. I have seen jets fly over the house so low you could make out the pilot. the rule is no closer than 500 ft. over houses.hmm. It may have seemed low because of the huge size. I ran in the house to get my husband and by the time we raced back it was disappearing over the parallel hill toward Canada. (60 miles about as the crow flies). From appearance to disappearance was maybe a mile. My husband didn't see it or hear it. It has bothered since and I have never seen it again. I just thought maybe you would be able to recognize it and have an explaination.

Also, I have witnessed at about 11: o'clockp.m. along with my sister in law, 15 years ago, the woods behind my house light up to a blasting bright whiteoriginating on the ground and shooting towards the sky. like someone turned stadium lights only brighter. over about 15 acres my guess. I thought maybe it was military maneuvers. It was midwinter and we were having a sledding /hot chocolate party with the kids. I lasted about 20 full seconds then shut off. Where I live are tons of small timber land owners. I think this was on dnr land or forest service land or boise cascade? There have been other objects reported from neighbors.
