{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-11 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516074","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42062","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2333,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/074/mufon-5516074.json","updb_database_id":5516074}
{nd} ufo over Hermiston during Umatilla County fair.

On August 11th approx 9pm my husband was outside listening to a concert at the fairgrounds that was playing across from our house and watching people walk by our house to the fair. He came in the house saying there was a ufo in the sky outside our house. I went outside observed a bright white light coming from the southeast. I ran inside the house to grab our camera. When I came back out seconds later it had changed directions and was now going East. My husband saw it change directions abruptly, unlike an aircraft is able to. I tried to get the light on camera but could not zoom in without distorting the image. I continued to try to get it on camera(was unable) We continued watching it trying to keep it in sight. It appeared to be descending, it went behind the houses and trees and buildings until we lost sight of it. It was last seen going east. We heard a helicopter after the ufo was out of sight. The helicopter could be explainable as from the fair.(heard they had one at the fair, I cant verify.)  We have noticed an increase in Helicopter activity the past few months.  Should be noted that I saw a ufo near McNary dam on the 19th a week later. (Also reported by someone else, I sent a separate report for that sighting.)  We also had two sightings in Hermiston on the 23rd of December in the same town, by others. I would like to speak to someone about these and another previous sighting I had as a child in the 90s, and subsequent sleep paralysis occurring from after first childhood sighting to current also happening in Hermiston. Something strange is happening in Eastern Oregon. And now that other people are seeing as well, Im having difficulties rationalizing this.
