{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-15 09:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524074","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31824","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2734,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/074/mufon-5524074.json","updb_database_id":5524074}
I saw what I first thought was a balloon. However, as it got closer and smoothly changed direction, I didn't know what it was.

I was standing out on my pool deck this morning which is about eye level with my roof. Looking out over top of the right side of the house I noticed something round in the sky off in the distance. At first I thought it was a balloon, but kept watching it anyway. As the object came straight at me, it looked very Saturn-like. Then, it smoothly and quietly shifted direction toward the left at which time I could see it pretty much from underneath. The object was dull gray and triangular from a bottom view but I could see what looked like dividing lines of a darker shade, there was no sound from it at all and no lights that I could see. It was drizzling a little this morning when this happened so I had to be careful not slip as I ran in for my Nikon Coolpix camera. I remembered that it is important to get a shot of what I was seeing. So, I ran in the house and by the time I came back outside and ran up to the deck again it was behind a tree. I waited a couple of seconds and it came into view again but flying away at this point until I couldn't see it anymore. I took as many pics as I could, one right before it passed behind another tree, four total. It is very hard to get a good photo of things up in the sky! Now I understand why all the distorted photo evidence out there! I was disappointed when I uploaded the pics to my computer; they are very distorted. When I zoom in on them all I can see is a circular object. I tried to find a website where I could send them to be enhanced or find software to do it myself because that was all I cared about and came across your site. Is there somewhere I can send them to get them better focused and cleaned up? I just want to get a better view of what it was I saw.
