{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-09-17 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290074","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113275","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6527,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/074/mufon-5290074.json","updb_database_id":5290074}
While bowhunting alone I observed a craft at tree top level directly above me.

On September 19 1997 when I was 26 I was out bow hunting by myself in my local wildlife lands in the evening. I was hunting in an area I hadn’t hunted before so I followed a dirt trail till a high tension power line crossed it and decided to follow it till I found a spot deer would likely cross the power line in hopes of ambushing a deer when he crossed it. I went into the woods approximately 50 yards or so I put up my portable deer stand. I was there about an hour or so and decided my stand position wasn’t good after observing the area from my stand. It was getting close to sunset and changing stand position was more likely to spook the local deer than give me a chance at a successful hunt so I decided to pack up for the evening and try again on another evening in a better position that I had seen. I climbed down the tree and was packing up my tree stand. As I was packing up the stand I was bent over and I heard the sound of limbs breaking and what sounded like something crashing through the brush loudly to my left. The sound was coming directly at me and my first thought was it was a black bear running directly at me. I jerked upright immediately and grabbed my bow staring in the direction of the sound and saw nothing but dry pine straw falling from the trees in that direction. This lasted no me than two or three seconds. Immediately after that I heard a load rhythmic droning/buzzing sound which then made me think bees. Thinking I had upset a bee hive I started looking all around me trying to find where the “bees” where. This is when I first looked up and to my left through the canopy of pine trees and saw a very large object almost directly above me at tree top height no more than twenty or thirty feet. I was immediately struck with a feeling of panic and dread. I squatted down and covered my head with my arms in a instinctual attempt to protect myself from this unknown and shocking threat. As I was squatting there in terror the rhythmic droning/buzzing sound got very loud and I felt a force pushing firmly on my back    to the same rhythm as the sound. Thats when I noticed the pine straw, leaf litter and sticks on the ground around me was moving around randomly as if it was being blown by a strong wind and the wind was coming from all directions to the same rhythm as the sound. Let me clarify there was zero actual wind in fact the air during all this was dead still its as if an invisible force was pushing down on me and moving the objects at my feet in a random but rhythmic directions. Also there was no change in air temperature or my temperature at all. All this lasted maybe three to five seconds. At this point curiosity over came my terror and I turned my head and body to look up while still squatting and saw something I had never seen before or seen since. Please understand I was looking at the object through a canopy of pine trees and the hardwood tree I had used as my stand. Luckily the majority of leaves had fallen out of the hardwood and pine trees where not heavily limbed around me. It was somewhere between fifteen and twenty yards in circumference and round or possibly oblong. The background color was some approximation of white possibly metallic and the whole surface is best described as “jellyfish” colors translucent pink/red/purple/blue. What I mean is that the colors where moving and shifting all over the bottom of the object or I assume the bottom as it was directly over my head. Imagine a lava lamp with translucent color shifting wax in it that shifts color randomly but the whole lamp is full of wax. Thats as best as I can describe the object because as I wrote earlier I had never seen anything like it before or since. I observed it for about five seconds or so before fear retook its hold of me and I began looking down and covering my head with my arms. As soon as I looked down I heard the sound suddenly get lower then stop. I looked up and saw the object was not above me anymore but twenty yards to my immediate lefts at tree top level and slowly moving away at a walking pace until the canopy between me and it was to thick to see it. Suddenly dead limbs and pine needles started falling out of the pines in a strait line away from me as if the object was accelerating very quickly away. I could hear and see the limbs falling for about a hundred yards out. From the time I lost sight of the object and I heard and saw the last limb fall about a hundred yards out was about two or three seconds. After this all happened I was confused and terrified it would come back so I quickly packed my tree stand grabbed my bow and nocked an arrow with the idea I could defend myself if it came back. Looking back at the experience that night I realized how silly it was to think I could resist the intentions good or bad of the pilots/controllers of the object with a bow and arrow. In truth I was at the mercy of the object from start to finish. I jogged out of the woods to the dirt trail and down the trail keeping my eyes on the sky the whole way. My wife picked me up on a dirt road at the end of the trail in our car at the designated time I had given to her which luckily happened to be right when I got to the end of the trail. I didn’t tell her exactly what had happened till we got home. I did insist she drive as quickly as possible till we got home and I kept looking at the sky thinking I might be followed. Looking back now I realize that I was in shock from the encounter from both the terror of it and my own amazement at what I had experienced. Looking back twenty three years later I am glad for the experience. It has fundamentally changed my view of the universe, reality and mans place in both. (For some reason I could not put in the date for the event so I had to use todays date. The actual date was at or around September 19 1997.)
