{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-09 12:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496074","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63336","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4640,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/074/mufon-5496074.json","updb_database_id":5496074}
{cak} was taking pics of something I discovered they came out of the wood flew around my head than flew back towards the fence thought they were bugs I checked the pics and saw about 50 small flying saucers

I have just posted something on your Facebook page but was only able to post a couple of pics I will try here I noticed that about that my post duplicated itself sorry. I made a discovery something so unbelievable in actuality only one word can describe it that is a miracle. I truly think that because of what I discovered is why these flying saucers showed up. What I found is very small sony camcorders have a strong zoom as I was filming part of a fence I must have brushed up against them they flew out of the wood in a orb shape when they were about 2 feet away they changed into small flying saucers mind you I thought they were bugs but when I looked at the pics I saw that they weren't. I have had 5 encounters with them 3 yes I saw them hovering above my head. I know that they are observing my every move because of what I have found they have compromised over 300,000 pics 100s of hours of video. I won't go into detail about what I have found because every time I I tell someone what it is there minds close up and they look away.
Other people have seen them and some of them have been put away.the difference is I have proof beyond a reasonable doubt please I need help on my fathers and brothers graves what I have found might be one of the greatest discoveries ever made I have left a couple of phone numbers on facebook of people who can verify my story I have used Facebook as somewhat of a journal the whole story is there with hundreds of pics please take the time to look at what I have my phone number is (removed phone number place in contact information cak) this is the third time that I have tried to submit this form hopefully they will let me post some pics going this way now I know that this is pretty far out there all the pics are real if you look close at the saucers not the white ones(the blue in the pics deteriorates the pics meaning compromised). I just figured out that they are not flying saucers they are helmets with these strange looking guys heads in them you can see them in the pics where you can see a figure with the helmets on there heads have I lost you yet. Now the pic with the alien lady you have to look close she's watching these monsters destroying the wood trying to get at what I discovered there are two pics of the monsters them selves look close you will see a little person he has a duckbill sort of face being hauled away and a female trying to hold him back. Please I hope I haven't chased you away for 2 years now I have seen things right out of a SciFi movie. I know way way to much why I am still here I don't know. You must at least talk to me as you can see writer I am not I will not let you down so much more to tell you
