{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-04-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495497","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63942","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5405,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/497/mufon-5495497.json","updb_database_id":5495497}
I was woken by a strange noise in the house.. like a recorded sound in very slow speed (a 45 vinyl record on speed 33) it hovered at my bedroom door

I was between the age of 12-14 and I can't even remember the time of year but I know it wasn't winter. I'm writing this now because I've been desperate to know if anyone else has ever experienced something similar and because I've only just recently put together a number of odd events that have happened in my life and there is a possibility it links back to the event in the early 80s.  

It was sometime after midnight, I was asleep in my bed in a bedroom at the end of a hallway that leads to the stairs descending to the front door. Directly beside my room at a 90 degree is my mother's bedroom and she always falls asleep with the bedroom light on and the door open. The light from her room shines into the hallway and slightly into my room as my door was about 4 inches open.

I woke up to a strange sound coming the stairs, similar to what a 45 vinyl record would sound like on 33. I use that analogy because we listened to a lot of vinyl in those years. I can't describe the sound but it wasn't music. There was another sound like a ski jacket rubbing up against the wall and as I could hear it approaching my room, I became terrified. I brought the blankets up to my nose and peered out over them as the object hovered at my door. All I could see was something black there and light coming from my mother's room glowed below it, where you would expect lower legs and feet. it was probably 4 or 5 feet high. It only hovered for maybe 10 seconds and it changed direction and into my mother's bedroom for maybe another 10 seconds. I could hear it moving and I was too scared to move to help my mother (a shame I have carried with me ever since).

It changed direction again and I could hear it move into the kitchen next to my mothers room for maybe another 10 seconds. Eventually, it moved back out into the hallway and down the stairs. At that point I flew out of bed and woke my mother in a panic trying to explain to her what I experienced. She got up and we walked into the kitchen together. Every kitchen cupboard, top and bottom was open, every kitchen chair was out of place, yet I heard none of this activity while the object was in the kitchen and it happened in seconds. We went down the hall and looking down the stairs found the door open. Upon further observation, we discovered the door was still locked. 

Years later 2000/01: I'm in my early 30s and I am the single mother of 2 girls aged 13/14 and (wow, I just made the connection that my oldest daughter was possibly the same age I was when weird things started happening again) my youngest was 6/7, renting the top floor of a house in Victoria, Vancouver Island. At least 3 or 4 times a night, I would wake up and find my back door wide open and still locked. Everyone thought it was my x-boyfriend trying to make my life difficult. He denied this and offered to stay with me to see if it would happened while he was there. It did, and he stood there in absolute surprise at the wide open locked back door. I thought maybe I had a stalker or something and reported it to the police. I then moved me and my two girls across town to live temporarily with a friend while I tried to figure out what was going on. My bedroom was beside the front door. Within 2 weeks, it started happening again. I ended up getting back together with my boyfriend and within weeks moved into his townhouse (shortly before 911. It stopped happening. 

Years later 2013/14 - I moved in with my fianc1 in Nanaimo Vancouver Island, now I find the back door to the kitchen wide open and locked except down, it's daytime when it's happening. I work in an office in the basement of our home and have come upstairs for a coffee and found that door open and unlocked. All these years I thought I had a stalker, but one night while staying at a friends house over night (my headquarters is in Victoria) I woke up to that similar sound I heard as a teenager and immediately regressed and was terrified. Turned out it was my friend's son coming home and music was playing on his cell phone while he was walking up the stairs to the house (my bedroom window was just above it and open slightly to let in fresh air). Before I realized it was him, i forced myself out of bed and down the hall stair to the front door, praying I wouldn't find it open and locked (or something hovering there). It was my friend's son. Thank goodness. But that was when I made the connection of all the times I found the doors open and locked to when I was a teenager. 

Maybe it's not connected at all, but I have been left somewhat psychologically scared by all that happened in the early 80s and would love some answers.

L
