{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-08 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505497","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53355","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2801,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/497/mufon-5505497.json","updb_database_id":5505497}
{nd} Orange lights appeared in a cluster and then some more, in a row.

I was driving north on Hwy N just approaching the rural intersection with Hwy DM. I saw a couple of orange lights appear in the air about a mile distant and a little off to my left, at about 2,000 feet altitude, and for a fraction of a second I thought that they were the landing lights of an airliner that was turning towards me. But landing lights are white, not orange, and the lights then multiplied themselves, forming a random-pattern cluster of lights of different sizes. There were six or seven lights in the cluster. I was slowing for the intersection, when another orange light appeared at about the same distance and altitude, straight ahead, which would have been east of the cluster. After about a second, another identical light appeared to the east of the solitary one, and then two more appeared at evenly spaced time-and-distance intervals continuing east(about 1 second apart) making four in a row that were abreast. I estimate that the array (including the cluster) was about a mile wide. None of the lights moved. The total time of the events was about 10 seconds.

When the fourth light in the row appeared, I had a kind of a Yee-Haw - Shades of Phoenix! (which everybody has read about) reaction, anticipating the appearance of more lights (or maybe an Immelman, LOL). But the show was over, as shortly before I stopped at the intersection, all of the lights summarily disappeared. Simply gone, and there had been no motion.

I told my sister about it that evening, and she replied that one of my nephews said he had seen a similar array (five lights, no cluster) only the night before. He said there was also another witness present, a woman who had stopped her car to watch. Some wag later reportedly told him that what he had seen was some of those floating Chinese lanterns that carry a candle inside. Well, if there actually are people who will go out into nowhere on a 10 below zero night to launch mini-hot air balloons, fine. But there is a long distance between the candle power of a one-candle balloon, and a 500,000-candle power landing light, which would approximate the brightness of the cluster that I saw.
