{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-07 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499497","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59642","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2877,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/497/mufon-5499497.json","updb_database_id":5499497}
Ufo sighting filmed over Trzebnica (PL)

During the last winter I have previously made a report after have had seen two ufos making plain direction changing and then disappear; this was in Trzebnica, Wroclaw, Poland.
Today it was a much more promising day :)
In Trzebnica there is a train that I am usual to take to go and come back from Wroclaw...and it was just when I did exit from it and was approacing to go home that I ve seen the first orange fireball.
It was amazing, it was making the course just above me! I ve seen it when it passed away on my head at a distance of 300 meters more or less.
The apparence of the first ufo became in distance, then after few seconds it was clear to me that the ufo was making a straight path right to me...I have seen it and filmed it when it was approaching.
The ufo (the first one) had the apparence of a fireball, an orange one and it was pulsating.
Just when it was over my head it turned off its lightning and it surrounded itself with some kind of invisibility shield...the shield was three times the diametr of the object, the disc that was inside, and it was not completely invisibile...the moon light helped me to correctly trace its path and to see the marvellous cloaking functionality that that ufo has activated just when it was over me!
The last part of the first movie does not show the ufo because of the poor quality of the camera of my htc 3d evo device and because of the late evening...I am sure however that with some good editing software and a good contrast / brightness set up the cloaking ufo may appear.
The second ufo that I captured with my smartphone was after two minutes from the first one...it was same as the first one in shape, colors and apparence...an orange fireball.
In the first movie you can hear me speaking italian, well I was born in Poland but I grew up in Italy...that s why I am speaking in italian at the beginning.
Hope you can take in real consideration this sighting despite the fact the poor video quality.
For any clarification you can contact me via email or by phone.
Thank you so much Mufon!
