{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-04-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493497","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66017","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2958,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/497/mufon-5493497.json","updb_database_id":5493497}
{jpg} A bright sphere had landed on smaller sub roof of three story private home.

It was around 1125 pm.I was heading west on sunset ave in Asbury park. I had stopped at the stop light and waited for the light to change, and has it did i started to pull away,has i did i still looked left to right, looking to my left i was about40 ft.past the light.I saw a bright light with a swirling revolving inner that caught my eye. I pulled over next to an already parked car.No other cars were behind me at that moment.I began observing the object. I became amazed,and, fixated on this object, the one thing i was aware of was the time.during the first 5 minutes i had noticed how bright it was, but the distance of the house was about 25 ft.The object was on a second story rear roof on the right side of the house, and driveway was on that same side.The light was reflecting off the house was not has strong has the light being emitted.During this time the inside was spinning at different speeds like an emotional meter.At first the speed was very fast. After a couple of minutes it seemed comfortable with me , and began to perform. Still in my van,the object began spit these small balls of energy or plasma into the same direction, has to communicate to something, somewhere.This lasted for about 2 minutes and stopped.I wanted to communicate to it. i got out of my van and very slowly walked up the driveway , i noticed the speed of the insides started spinning faster has i got closer.I was about 35 ft. away from it and i started to talk to it saying lets be friends several times, but it seemed not to respond to this. I began slowly to back away, and when i did the spinning slowed down as well.I went back in my van. I went around the block to regain my thoughts, and with a few left turns i was at the light, and looking at it again. With no traffic, i watched for about 15 minutes. Finally i made a left and parked again for another few minutes. I wanted to go around again, has i drove about fifty feet a strong warm something hit me , all i said was it got me.I nstead of going around again, i went home and with no memory of this event.Two weeks later on the phone with my daughter every thing came back to me,i had explained most of what had happened to her,from about 4ft,5 AA batteries flew individually and hit me in the stomach,i left the house for a
