{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491497","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68069","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3334,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/497/mufon-5491497.json","updb_database_id":5491497}
I saw long red neon lights that came out of giant ball of light casting red light over area the lights retracted into light ball and disappeared

I was lying on sofa about 9:30pm with a feeling of migraine starting so lights we off tv on but muted and windows open. Im unsure how long this actually took place for as I did not fall asleep or watch the tv. I noticed red neon lights that extended over parking lot two doors down as my window faces side lot. this parking lot was locked and I new these lights should not be there for any reason. They were about 8 inches in diameter and were crossing over whole lot.they were stationary.
I yelled out holy s**t and tried to sit only sitting up on 45 degree angle.
I yelled out holy s**t again as my teen was in the bathroom and when she came out she thought I had stubbed toe or something and was asking if I was ok but when she saw me half sitting she followed my gaze out the window. I was then able to sit and get up to walk towards the window with her. She had iphone in hand and she said 'Im going to take a picture of this' She was unable to take that picture.
There red neon lights maybe a hundred were all different angles comimg from this ball of light. The light was larger than a cube van and was hovering between us and the telephone pole. The trees were glowing red on other side of the street. We could not hear anything yet we felt a vibrating ohm in our bodies. The light pollution from neighboring city was not seen in sky at all. The center of this light was in constant movement but edges were blurry and I couldnt make out where the red neon lights joined. they were solid with a flat end. The bright white light ball was larger than a cube van was lower than treetops and telephone pole and was less than 100 feet away. We stood motionless, speechless and stunned.we watched it retract the red neon lights into itself and the red glow on trees dimmed the big light dimmed and it shrunk smaller and smaller in front of us.When it had almost disappeared it blinked yellow from a small silverly capsule with a vertical band it was then the size of baseball blinked yellow again and shrunk and disappeared. We both felt that whatever it was had seen us in picture window with glow of tv luminating us from behind.The next day it seemed that my memory was not as I remember as I remember ignoring lights but I know I did not. When it was gone it was 11 pm.
the next day we went door to door to see if anybody else saw and to see if there was damage to trees etc which nobody saw and there was no damage. A few days later out same window we also saw three orange lights the size of quarters at arms length in a triangle formation and they just blinked out one at a time
