{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-22 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528497","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27076","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2735,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/497/mufon-5528497.json","updb_database_id":5528497}
4 glowing orange spheres followed by a silver cigar/cylinder shape with windows.

I was standing in my driveway admireing my neighbors x-mas lights when I first noticed 2 glowing orange spheres in the north sky. They were moving slowly from West to East. Then suddenly, 2 more spheres appeared behind the first 2, traveling in the same direction. I pointed them out to my son, who is 20. As we watched, the first 2 spheres disappeared completely, but the second 2 spheres continued on thier path to the East until they were out of sight. We stood there for a minute or so trying to figure out what we had seen. My son decided to go back in the house, but I stayed outside. Suddenly, from the West, I saw a bright cigar/cylinder shaped object moving to the East, but much closer to me and going in a slightly southern direction. I yelled for my son to come out and as he did he was able to see it also before it was obscured by a large tree just down the street. It was a full moon, so I was able to see this thing clearly. It had a sort of quicksilver look to it and I was able to make out a row of square shaped windows that were illuminated. Looked to be 4 or 5 windows and I could see the pillars between them. There were no blinking lights or colored lights at all. Just white light coming from the windows and the moon light reflecting off the outside of it. There were no wings, and it made no sound. I did not see any type of vapor trail or any obvious method of propulsion. I was just there, moving across the sky at a rapid rate, until we lost sight of it. I estimate the entire event was no more than 3 mins from first seeing the orange spheres until the end when the silver craft went behind the tree.
 I did notice another neighbor in thier yard right after this and I went down to ask them if they had seen this thing. They said no, they had been working on x-mas lights and had not noticed anything unusual.
 I was pretty freaked out by it, and did not sleep much last night. I got up several times to look out the window to see what was out there. Nothing else happened. I got up this morning and decided to make a report to MUFON.
