{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-12-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526497","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29189","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3407,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/497/mufon-5526497.json","updb_database_id":5526497}
Triangular craft, rimmed with lights(only on its sides), bronzish base, low altitude, sort of humming sound

9/12/2006

I am currently a second officer int he Merchant navy.
i have waited very long to tell of my Incident.

it was a saturday night.
At that time i was a cadet doing my pre-sea training at an institute 'Tolani Maritime Institute' in a village called Induri, pune.
this location was a very backward village.
with hardly any street lights, very dark most of the time.
on week days we at the the hostel.\, but normally n week end we used to go to this 'dabha' (roadside restaurant) just outside the campus about 20 mins fromt he main gate.

It was a saturday night and i was returning from the dabha, with 4 of mi colleagues.
We were just having a normal discussion on life basically, when i felt like this thing over our head and a faint humming sound.
at first i didn't care or pay that keen an attention. but then out of curiosity i jsut looked on top, i cud see alot of stars in the sky, including at that moment the taurus constellation which has the base of a triangle and the star aldebran.
as i seen it i sen another similar looking triangle just beisde it was in a shock as in how can there be 2..so i rubbed mi eyes and lookd again.
there were 2..the other triangle had a bronzish bottom, flying at low altitude.
i was in doubt as to wat is it.. i told mi colleague to look up and confirm, even he was stunned.
at the moment it just came to my head, damn it can be an alien craft, with mi heart pounding profusely i just ran toward the campus without thinking of what cud happen to my coleagues, i literally ran for my life.
All of us ran toward the campus..i kept looking up out of curiosity and it kept following us.
as soona s i reached back to the compaus, ran straight into my room and told everythng to my room mate.
He thot iw as crazy until i todl him to touch my chest, he was shocked.
i did not sleep the whole night thinkig bout the incident and the chance of being abducted.
the incident does not end here.
just the next day, my friend pulls out the newspaper(The Times Of India) and shows me the international section which read, "UK on high alert of alien attack"
as the article read, a scientist seen the UFO through the telescope and described it exactly the way we saw it.
we cut out the article and gave it to my colleague.
i rcently asked him if he still had it, but unfortunately he does not have it now.
ive tried searching for the article over the net but it dosent show.

ever since ive been lookin up at the night sky to get another chance
my profession is such that i have to look up and at the dark sea. but never got a chance yet to see one.

*(while four of us were there at the scene only 2 of us looked up, the other 2 just ran along with us)
