{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512497","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45820","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2768,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/497/mufon-5512497.json","updb_database_id":5512497}
{dr}light from clear night-time sky turned into solid-body craft that hovered over large field where NASA announced over local TV news a huge fireball had impacted the earth, the craft flew away less than 25 feet above our heads.

My friend and I were sitting in her moms yard facing Taylors Ridge when we heard the sound. I looked at her and said "Our plane has returned!" refering to our previous experience at the same location in December. The sky was crisp and clear; I don't recall wearing a jacket so it must have been a warm night; the moon must have been behind us because the sky was light; and the eastern sky was alive with the "stars" that had been flying around for over a year. The sound was that of a slowly-rotating washing machine tub off-balance and filled with several large round cannonballs. The two dogs leashed to a clothesline had once again became still and were watching the sky also. We both carried cellphones with cameras; why we did not attempt to take photos I just cant understand.

After several seconds a pin-prick of white light appeared, growing larger, turning orange, then just as before began changing into a laser-light show similar to an Etch-A-Sketch. From rectangle to square to angles of every conceiveable shape then circles and cylinders and cones the object settled on its previous shape a triangle of two equal sides and a shorter base. I realized it was moving once again very slowly towards us growing larger just as before. Then I noticed the thing seemed to be out of control. My thoughts were "Great! A flying saucer is about to crash-land right here in downtown Catlett!" The sights I saw next became so unbelievable that I was hesitant to ever report this sighting. The orange triangle morphed into a solid-body type of fighter from a very popular series of movies. But... there was a slight bit of a problem! Parts of the craft were fading in and out; the craft floated gently to a large grassy area and hovered.

So much more to tell but I really don't want to in a public post. Lets just say that whatever that thing was it was of something and somewhere that makes all our troubles unimportant.
