Case No. 1720 21122021

Date: December 21, 2021.

Approximate Time: 0:23 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Summer.

Witnesses: L.V., informed by F. C. Z.

Description: The informant submitted a form on the SEFAA's web platform to report that his wife had seen and photographed a suspected extraterrestrial being at 0:23 on December 21, 2021, in the room where she was staying in Iquique, in the Tarapacá Region.

He indicated that the sighting lasted between 1 to 5 seconds, and that it had a "form" similar to a "human being."
"Biological", with an approximate size of 20 centimeters to 1 meter, and it was silver in color. Along with the report, a digital photograph in jpg format was uploaded to the web platform where the alleged extraterrestrial can be seen.

The case was georeferenced at the address provided by the informant in Iquique, in the Tarapacá Region.

Upon observing the photograph, it is evident that it is a photo montage. The location appears to be the same as in case 1719 21122021 (reported by the same user), but what changes is the alleged being.
extraterrestre present in the image.

Upon searching the Internet for a similar humanoid, an exact match was found on a website called "pinpng.com", where that image of the extraterrestrial, called "Alien Png, Transparent Png", can be downloaded for free with a transparent background for use in montages or photo edits. (Figure 1)

Figure 1. On the left, the photograph provided by the informant. On the right, and enclosed in
The red circle, the same humanoid figure presented on the website "pinpng.com".

The above leaves no doubt that it was a photographic composition.

Images: One digital photograph in jpg format, which was verified to have been digitally manipulated and which is attached below:

Conclusion: Upon verifying that the image of the alleged extraterrestrial attached by the informant is available for free download on the Internet, it was found that the photograph had been digitally edited.
Due to the above, the case was closed and classified as "False."
