{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-12 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507221","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51491","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2597,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/221/mufon-5507221.json","updb_database_id":5507221}
{cak} Observed 3 (non - strobing) lights in a triangle shape. Did not resemble normal aircraft.

On 10-12-13, 8:00pm, while looking at the night sky from my back yard, I observed initially a Red light coming out of the East. It appeared to be at a normal aircraft altitude, but I could see that the light was solid red and not strobing like a normal navigation light would. I grabbed my 10x50 binoculars from the house and observed that the object was comprised of 3 lights altogether, with the Red light being on the starboard side. The other two lights were white (Lead light and Port side).

The 3 lights were in a triangle pattern and remained as solid lights for the entire duration I observed it (approx. 7 minutes)as it headed away from me going due West. As the craft was nearly directly above me, the Red Starboard light suddenly went from the bright red, to a matching white of the other two lights on the craft.

As the craft was cruising at the speed of a normal aircraft, my guess would be about 500mph and at a altitude of about 40,000 ft. My guess would be that the craft size was that of about a normal airliner. 

If I had held a ruler at arms length, I would say that the lights on the craft would of been evenly spaced, about a quarter of a inch apart from each other. I could easily see the craft with the naked eye. I tried to look for details on the craft with my binoculars that would tell me if this was a normal aircraft, but I did not see any of the normal tell/tale signs. There were no strobing navigation lights and no tail section lights
at all.

I consider aviation as a hobby of mine and enjoy aviation history. I am familiar with most aircraft and can easily identify known aircraft & detect objects in the night sky like satellites, the space station, landing lights of approaching aircraft, etc,... I believe that most individuals would not of noticed this particular sighting as unusual and dismissed it as a normal aircraft flying overhead. I knew better. 

Thank you!
