{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-17 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481221","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78803","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2665,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/221/mufon-5481221.json","updb_database_id":5481221}
{jpg} my wife and i were on vacation and around 11 pm my wife went in to go to bed,i told her i was going to be in after i had a cigerette.As i was entering the house a bright object to my left caught my eye it was very bright and changing color!

I was heading in for the night while on vacation, as i came near the back door i noticed a very bright object to my left in the sky.I watch this very bright object that appeared to be bright red and white i watch this object move up and down and shimmer for about 10 mins before running in to get my wife so she could see it!It was still there when she came out and couldn't believe her eyes! We watched in wonder as this object moved spun changed direction and color very quickly! I then got my cell phone and pointed it toward the object to see if i could capture in on my phone!We watched this for about 1 hour and 45 min. but it only felt like 20 to 30 mins my wife had already taken her sleeping pill before i went in to get her!In the morning we told our friend about what we saw but there was only audio of our event!I was dumbfounded that i didn't get it on video! Then i went back to look at the videos and put the phone on full screen and sure enough it was on my phone doing exactly what we saw during this event! Unbelievable!The next morning when i went to take a shower i noticed this half circle on my stomach the was white and very noticeable because i was tan from being there for 2 weeks! I told my wife about it later in the day and she photographed my stomach and you can clearly see it! I knew it was a U.F.O. right away because of its color and movement It moved up and down side to side shimmered changed direction and color very quickly!I felt Delight that we were lucky enough to watch this event! But now i have questions about the amount of time we were out there when it only seemed like 20 to 30 mins! We finally went to bed around 1;15 am and the object was still there! I watched the sky for the duration of our vacation at the same time and area we saw this object but i never saw it again
