{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-12-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548221","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"11716","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4788,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/221/mufon-5548221.json","updb_database_id":5548221}
Saw Craft appear from nowhere, Football Field size, Detached pod, Silent, 3 massive red alternating lights on back, air force scrambled

I would appreciate a response back with any relevant info, other similar sightings, contact info, etc. This is important to me. 

My friend and I were out at Dove Springs it1s an OHV park designed for off highway vehicles near Edwards AFB in Mojave CA off the 14. Can1t recall the date but either fall or spring of 06. I do know Mars was visible. We just got back from a long ride as the sun set, I had set up a spotlight I had just gotten (15 million candle watts ) and aimed it in the sky. With all the dust flying around you could see the beam of light, it looked something like the Luxor light. About 40 minutes after we got back my friend had said that Mars was out and we were searching the sky. Out there in the desert it is truly amazing the amount of stars that are visible. He found Mars and it was like an off red orange color. We were still looking at the stars and I saw a star that was red red and I pointed it out saying that it was probably Mars. We were comparing them and he had told me that his was MARS (from location) and he was unsure what the other red star was. I thought he was wrong because of the strong color difference and told him that his star was orange and mine was red. These were somewhat opposite of each other as we had to turn to look between the stars. He once again assured me that his star was Mars and as we turned and were looking at the predominantly red star it moved slightly and before I could finish the word (satellite) in this sentence 1 Oh, I think it1s a satellite1 . BOOM, this massive airship appears now totally guessing here 1000 feet away and 1000 ft above the ground. Completely silent, no approach, we were staring right at it and it just appeared. The first visual was the side view. Truly amazing, probably 15 to 30 stories tall and the length of a football field (no joke). It wasn1t hard to process what I was looking at but was blown away of the size, massiveness of this craft. It appeared to be black with thousands of lights on the side, very organized rows. The lights actually appeared to be windows, imagine a huge apartment building on its side flying in the sky. There were NO wings. It was moving at about 100-150 mph and then we got to see the back of the craft. The rear of the craft was 3 MASSIVE RED lights. They covered the entire back of the craft, from top to bottom, side to side. You could probably put 7 airplanes in just one of these lights. They did not blink at the same time they would alternate in a steady pace, they were bright red blinking one at a time. During this we were talking to each other, freaking out discussing how this thing just appeared in front of us, the size of it, no wings, the 3 massive lights on the back and we started to run through the desert after it. It was off in the distance now just slowly cruising away but the 3 red alternating lights still very visible and then all the sudden this bright white light detaches and goes shooting out of the side visible to us , and flew across the sky( extremely fast, some sort of plane). The size difference was incredible 1/1000 of this craft. About 3 minutes later we hear jets screaming through the sky about 6-8 fighter planes flying one after the other looking for this craft, they were loud, afterburners on and searching. This thing was HUGE, I live 5 blocks away from an airport in Los Angeles and see planes all day all night. That is exactly what I saw, that red star we were looking at had teleported in a split second to being right in front of us, no wings, dead silent, bigger that a football field, hundreds of windows , 3 massive red lights, a ship detach and the military searching. This is exactly what I saw but I can1t draw to well. I thought it was rectangular and my friend thought it was triangular.

Please respond with any info. Distance may be closer.
