{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-26 19:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527221","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28415","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3129,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/221/mufon-5527221.json","updb_database_id":5527221}
three orange lights forming isosceles triangle other several others appeared single lights

My neighbor and I came out of her apartment around 7:45pm MST when we saw several orange lights in the sky. I used to travel near Edwards in the late 80s early 90s and had seen Stealth planes flying at dusk. 

At first look, three of lights looked like they could be in that shape. My neighbor's daughter was in the military and so we got her. As soon as she came out, it turned and the lights formed a perfect Isosceles triangle. Then it shifted again and there seemed to only be one light in that area. It had been flying southwest at first, but then after rotating and changing shape, it went east. 

That is when we observed several more lights coming up in the sky from the west all going east. Some appeared to go up and then back down again. One even stopped as another seemed to be lagging behind. This went on for five or ten minutes as at least 20 lights progressed across the sky very rapidly and then just vanish when they got to the same point in the east. 

Then we saw about four stragglers that appeared after the others were gone. They were not together. As one disappeared in the east, we would see another rise in the west. 

We live five miles from Sky Harbor International Airport. We are used to seeing several planes in the evening coming from the north and then circle around and land at the airport, but generally in the evening they land from the west, not the east. Not to mention disappear while landing. Also, airplane lights are white, red or blue. Not orange. They appeared to gain altitude before disappearing. 

It then a few minutes later, we saw what were obviously planes coming from the north and then turn and go east. They did not appear to be big enough to be commercial jet, but could have been commuter planes. 

We heard no sound coming from these multiple things. As for my feelings, at first when I saw just the three lights I thought might be a Stealth was curiosity. As far as I know, our base does not test or have any Stealth A/C. Then when it turned and became a triangle, rotated again and rapidly changed direction, I got chills down my spine. 

Unfortunately, we do not own quality cameras and could not catch any video or pictures. Hopefully in a city this large someone else did. I noticed several cars driving down our street stop and then continue on when it was over.

I am not sure if it was happening earlier as my cat was going nuts every so often for about 30 minutes prior.
