{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-02-03 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490221","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69372","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2836,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/221/mufon-5490221.json","updb_database_id":5490221}
{cak} Red Light Coming Directly at Our Helicopter- Evasive Dive Taken

On February 3rd 1973 I was flying with a pilot and co pilot on a military UH-1 helicopter returning from Montgomery, Alabama to Fort Rucker, Alabama. The time was approximately 6:00 pm. The pilot radioed the tower to let them know we were entering the airport airspace. The tower could not locate us so they asked us to turn on our landing lights. The tower then acknowledge seeing us and gave us the wind and barometric pressure. The ski was clear and there were few clouds visible. Shortly there after a mist started to appear directly in front of our helicopter that thickened really quickly. To the point I thought we were in a thick fog. Then I could make out what looked like a red flashing light (with no defined edges) directly in front of us. The effect reminded me of a car's tail light(one side only) with the flasher on that is located in a thick fog. You do not see the car- just the light).Almost instantly the red light become brighter and suddenly you could see a cylinder object pulsating red ever its surface coming directly at our windshield. The pilot immediately dove to the left and down thinking we where going to hit. My impression was that this red lighted cylinder object had flown directly through us as if we where not even there. The total time from the appearance of the fog or mist to the red object coming directly at us was approximately 10 to 20 seconds ( Its hard to gage time when the event is occurring.) The pilot and copilot then said over the intercom to each other what the heck was that. All three of us had seen the object. The pilot called the tower and asked if we had any traffic in our area and they said that there was no traffic. The pilot and copilot both said that this was something that they had no idea what it was and they thought they where colliding with an unknown flying object (UFO). If it was the top of a radio tower, I saw no tower, no support wires etc. The object made no attempt to avoid our helicopter. The reason I am reporting this now is I am getting up there in years and want to let others know my experience.
