{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503221","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55737","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3602,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/221/mufon-5503221.json","updb_database_id":5503221}
{rjl} saw a strange being across the street from my house

across the street from me is a pasture with 20 or so cows. 
I was on my porch looking across the field when I saw something move by a tree just above the lower pasture, I kept my eyes there and "it" stepped out...strangest thing I ever saw. It looked really tall, 7ft to 10ft It looked really skinny stick like.
I could see very long fingers on the hands. It was approx 20ft from a cow that it appeared to be watching. I wanted a better look and started to move toward the door to get my binoculars, watching it all the while..as soon as I moved it sprinted toward the woods at the base of a small mountain/hill.
The stride it made was amazing to see, the sprint was more like speed walking...very smooth quick long strides almost gliding with leg & knee movement. It was greyish brown and blended perfectly with trees.
As I saw it enter the treeline...it paused and looked back over the pasture toward me, I then went to go get my binoculars since I could not see that far very well. When I got back with them I scanned the treeline where I last saw it and saw it just peeking around a tree and part of it's leg past the tree...then it just disappeared. 

Funny...I just read the instructions to the right...I think I covered everything but how I felt.
I was amazed at what I was seeing, I felt a little anxiety when I knew it had seen me, that passed as I rationalized it was the one with anxiety at being seen.

I guess I should add another experience.
this happened a few months later and very hard for me to describe and I have questioned it ever since. The image in my head of where I was has not left, nor a short portion of communication when I was there.

It was a dream I thought... I was quite suddenly from being fully asleep no dreams not aware of anything, in a dark room with two pale beings who spoke telepathically to me, they brought me to another room and we looked down upon another being that was on a suspended on circular floor that was shiny and black. The being was either squatting or very short in front of that being was another giant shiny black stone or what reminded me of the monolith from 2001 space odeyssy.(sp) I remember thinking why am I here? and one of the beings answered ...She doesn't hear/speak to us anymore. She turned to me and said I can with you. Note this was said telepathically. Then they put me on the floor with her she showed me the black stone/screen I could see colored lights on it and was finely marked with a grid pattern on it. She told/asked me about a decision she was about to make that would affect the earth for a very long time. I cannot remember the decision now, but I remember it was either moral or ethical and had longterm affects for us. I know I answered in more moral way, but cannot remember exactly. She then touched/pointed an area of the stone/screen and lights moved on it. I was suddenly awake and found myself laying in bed and feeling very concerned.
