{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-12 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487221","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72446","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2603,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/221/mufon-5487221.json","updb_database_id":5487221}
{nd} Sitting in chair, bright flash of light blinds me.

This is weird so I just had to report it here. Not sure really what to say but I was sitting my chair at my computer and all of a sudden A huge bright flash in front of my face. I was thinking what is going on in order to deal with it. Thought maybe a flash outside reflected off my screen then I thought OMG I was abducted. Just like all the crap you hear in the stories and how it just happened just like how you hear. Then I thought omg check the family for missing people, all accounted for thank God. I thought for sure someone was abducted. Then I went on a rant about what happened and then looked outside you know; looking for space ships and crap. No space ships outside. 
 Basically the flash was so bright and I could feel warmth and was blinded by the light which was red on the edges and orange yellow in the middle but mostly orange yellow in color. Flash and felt it right in my face. 
 I was thinking ok something major just happened here. Like a plasma ball bam warps right in front of your face orange bright red on sides and blips out. No sound. No warning. I didn't have spots like as if you look into a light for too long. So a lot of questions on this. 
 After it all I was thinking maybe I was scanned? Maybe it was some space beam or Earth light? I have no idea what it was but I had no time to react to it before it was over which is scary. I have no idea if it was some life form or probe or plasma ball/earth light's. But you hear things and they don't add up and this is one of those. You hear about missing time and all that stuff and that is sort of what it is like but did not feel time was missing but it was still like wow something happened and I don't know what. Something. My mind was scanned, I was beamed. A earth light just popped up in my face. I have no idea but will share it because it may happen to others and we would never know if we didn't share. 
 Thanks for listening and these are the facts as best I know them.
