{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-12-10 18:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471581","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88885","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2619,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/581/mufon-5471581.json","updb_database_id":5471581}
It was very very bright. it was hard to watch

I was waiting for a friend. its my old school and its always our spot were we meet before we go out. i was in my car then i noticed a very very bright light i thought at the beginning it was like a reflection of my friends car who should come. i went out of my car and noticed my friend is not here yet und looked into the sky to the west and saw that very bright object in the sky. it was like surrounded by light. i think it was like something could control the light, its hard to explain. in the center of the object there was a deep red. i cant tell you which shape the object (circle, egg or something else) because it was very hard to watch but i think its like a circle. i think it went very slowly to the earth. i thought i was dreaming because it was so abnormal i never had such a experience i thought im maybe becomming crazy or something. then i decided to turn off the engine of my car. then i looked back to the object i still could see it for few seconds then it disappeared out of nothing. 

when i turned off the engine i noticed a noise like a "zummm". like a high voltage is in the air (hard to explain for me) or an electric car is accelerating very intensive. but i cant tell you if its really from the object but i can tell you for sure that i never heard something like this before. the reason maybe why i didnt noticed it earlier is because my engine is very loud. 

my friend came after like 5 minutes. i asked him if he noticed something abnormal but he said no. then i began to process this experience and im very sure that im not crazy or something. it felt real but this experience is so hard to explain for myself i hope i can talk to people who noticed something like that. maybe im not the only one. 

btw. i didnt tell my friend anything about this story.

// if something is missing or hard to understand please tell me so i can rework my text. if someone isnt believing me maybe we can have a discussion together to show you that im very seriously.
