{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492581","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66951","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2968,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/581/mufon-5492581.json","updb_database_id":5492581}
{rjl} Star-like object

June 23, 2015
12:30am MST
NE Montana near Canadian Border
2 witnesses watched UFO for approximately 45 minutes. Object first appeared as a star on the horizon with two other star-like objects just below and to the right. Driving north, to see the Northern Lights, the witnesses saw the two objects which appeared side-by-side simply disappear. Confused about what had just happened they assumed there was a cloud they could not see and continued north. After ten minutes or so the witnesses arrived at their location to watch the Northern Lights. The driver exited the vehicle and let the dog out to run since it was an isolated area and to stretch and walk around for a minute. The other witness was still in the vehicle looking out at the stars. Soon the witness in the car called the other witness over to look at something in the sky. It was then they both saw the object move and realized it wasn't a star after all. The object was a speck of light that appeared to dart about in multiple directions but never left the area. This may sound stupid but it appeared as though the object was being taken for a joy-ride. Like a couple of alien teens had snuck out the spaceship for the night and was on the joy ride of their life. It almost appeared as though whomever was in control was just learning how to fly it. It hovered and darted about as though it could do anything and impossible things that no plane, helicopter, drone, or balloon could possibly do. One of the witnesses said it was the nail in the coffin for them. They had watched the object for more than 45 minutes and saw it maneuver in ways that no man made object could possibly achieve. It could go from break neck speed to a stand still object in a blink of an eye. Amazing in so many ways. Lights changed color but never blinked or pulsated except when it moved really fast, then it glowed somewhat briefly. The witnesses tried to use their phones but found them useless without a signal eight miles from the nearest town. One of the witnesses recorded video on their phone but was only able to get the audio to record because of the darkness at 12:30am and the object being faint to see to begin with. Eventually the object moved further north out of view. One witness said they thought the object was shimmering colors in the plasma stream as though it were charging it's batteries.
