{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-04-21 02:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290581","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112759","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3755,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/581/mufon-5290581.json","updb_database_id":5290581}
I was woken by a loud rumble from a disc hovering just above my house

Continuing from 112757

The next day I went swimming at a friends house and had a couple of beers. When I got home I was kind of tired so I went to bed early around midnight. The next thing I know I’m woken up by this loud rumbling sound and I sit up in bed look at the window and it’s daylight outside. I looked at the clock and it said 2 o’clock. Did I sleep all the way till two in the afternoon. It didn’t feel like it. So I got up and looked outside the blinds into the front yard. 

I expected to see a bunch of Harley motorcycles in my front yard. Did my girlfriend come back to pick up some of her stuff and recruited some of her new boyfriend’s friends I wondered. What I saw outside wasn’t motorcycles. 

There was nothing in my front yard and It was night time across the street but daytime in my front yard. I couldn’t see anything out my front window so I went to the bathroom window. There I could make out the edge of a huge silver disc hovering just feet above my house, which made a huge rumbling like a giant broken washing machine. A clunking noise that circled my entire house. I could hear it going round and round. 

I thought cool! I just knew aliens existed. I was going to get to meet an alien. So I ran to the living room and saw Corky standing on the back of the couch barking at the ceiling. I opened up the sliding glass door to the backyard and stuck my hand out in the light. it was bright bright white light. I thought twice about walking out there; maybe they would zap me. So I ran into the garage and grabbed one of my spare tires, opened up the sliding glass door and rolled it as hard as I could into the backyard. It made it about 3/4 of the way across and then suddenly fell over. Nothing happened. 

I considered again about going out into the light. Then I thought well what are they doing above my house at 2 AM. And they must’ve come an awful long way. 
For what? To see me? 

Oh hello Fear. now I’m freaking out. Absolutely freaking out. I ran straight back to bed grabbed my gun and while kneeling on my bed began pointing my gun at the window then at the door then at the bathroom, the window, the door, the bathroom and then I remembered they can go through walls. so now I’m pointing it at the window, at the door, at the bathroom, at the wall, the window, the door, the bathroom, the wall. I would’ve shot anything that moved. The window, door, bathroom, wall, window, door, bathroom, wall. I began hyperventilating. Window, door, bathroom, wall, window, door, bathroom, wall. I was going to pass out.

Right when I realized I was going to pass out the lights turned off and it seemed like they were pulling away. I got up and went to the bathroom window and sure enough they were leaving. I watched the ship slowly go up higher and higher and higher until it was just a blue star and then a blue ring began to grow around the ship until it was about 10 times the size of a star when then it quickly grew another 10 times bigger and then just as quickly imploded on itself and it was gone.

Dead silence.
