{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-26 23:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287581","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115795","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5004,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/581/mufon-5287581.json","updb_database_id":5287581}
Solid dimly lit orb spotted over a lake. Smaller less solid, orb seemed to come from the water and went to join the other object.

At approximately 11:30 pm on May 26th, 2021, on Nimisila Reservoir in Akron/Green, Ohio. I was fishing on our boat with my two youngest sons and wife. While boating a strong storm came up quickly at about 10pm. We had to hunker down and ride it out for about 30min. The children were under a tarp with my wife watching videos on their phone. As it died down I pulled our anchors and started to head back to the boat ramp. When close to the launch area the skies quickly cleared up the lake turned to a glassy calm. There were no sounds at all. No birds or insects could be heard at all. The occasional car could be heard in the distance but it was eerily quiet. My youngest son (6 years old) came out from under the tarp and joined me in the back of the boat. My wife and 7 year old sat in the seat together and watched videos on their phone. The lake is an electric only lake so movement is very slow. The moon was very bright after the clouds cleared. I stopped the motor and just drifted for a bit while talking about school and other things with my son. Just enjoying the peacefulness of the night. I noticed a pale grey/yellow dimly lit circle in the air. It seemed like a solid object just kind of hovering but moving ever so slightly almost in a square but very little in either direction. I estimate the object to be about 100 yard or so away and slightly larger than a vehicle. It seemed to be about 100 feet or more above the surface of the water but it was difficult to judge. I tried to start taking video however my storage was too full to use my phone to record. I began to take pictures. As I was taking pictures my son said dad look there is a green one now. I looked and noticed it. It seemed small maybe a few feet across, but again it was very hard to judge size and distance. It moved away from us and combined with the grey/yellow object. The green one did not seem solid and just appeared as a light but not translucent. After looking at the pictures it appears the object was actually under water when it first appeared then came out and glided toward the other object in the sky. When I first observed it, it was almost right at the water level. The other strange aspect was my wife could not see the object as my son and I clearly could. My other son was tired and showed no interest. My youngest said "how do you not see it? It's right there" as he pointed to it. The other strange part is that after my son and I being in disbelief that my wife could not see the object and talking to her about it, I don't have much recollection. It was if I just stopped paying attention to it. I suddenly I had the thought of, oh, hey, I wonder if that thing is still up there? I looked and there was only a small low lying cloud there and the objects were gone. My son who had watched it with me, was curled up with a fleece over him and almost asleep. My wife and other son were still watching their videos. I don't understand how I lost interest or suddenly paid the objects no attention. It just didn't make any sense to me as to why I wouldn't have watched it the entire time. I also don't remember anything after the conversation with my wife until I thought, hey is that thing still there? I also noticed that the sounds of insects and birds had returned. At that point we headed to the boat ramp and went home. It seemed like we left right after observing the objects but did not return home until almost 2 am even though we are only 15 minutes from the lake. It has been absolutely consuming me. I have no idea what we witnessed and the fact my wife could not see it even though we were able to take pictures of it. And how I didn't see it depart and just seemed to forget about it. I felt a sense of calm and almost hypnotized during observation. No adrenalin surge or anything like that.
