{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-21 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527581","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28041","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2480,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/581/mufon-5527581.json","updb_database_id":5527581}
Circular lights - one in the center 4 or 5 around that go in and out around the center circle

On February 21, 2011 my daughter and I were driving from Warwick, Pennsylvania headed north on Rt. 611 towards our home in Pipersville, PA. 

We saw the lights out to the right of our car when we were around Bristol Road and Rt. 611. There was one white circle in the middle and 4 or 5 smaller circles around that pulsated into one circle and then out, causing the smaller circles to be around the middle circle. 

At first we thought they were from a local school or store, we thought there must be a sale at Fred Beans Ford or a local store, but we did not see a location along the way that would confirm that. We also could not see a light that came from the ground. The lights followed us the entire way home, not getting smaller or appearing to be further away. When we pulled in our driveway they were above our neighbor1s back yard and very visible with no source of light from the ground. The lights were hovering, doing that same in and out motion over and over. We tried several times to take video and a photo with a smart phone, but we could not get the image on either.

The drive takes about 25 minutes. My daughter and I joked that they were Ufos or something not from our planet, however there was a hint of seriousness because we couldn1t attribute the lights to another source.
During the Oscars there was a movie trailer for a new sci-fi movie and the opening scene had the same exact lights and movement that we saw last week. That convinced me that what we saw was in fact something else1..

For the record, I do not follow this kind of stuff. I have never blogged or posted about something like this in the past. My daughter is 11, I am 42, do not use drugs, was not under the influence of anything, I work in corporate America, we are a normal American family.
