Case No. 1741 01012022

Date: December 27, 2021.

Approximate Time: 11:00 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Winter (Northern Hemisphere).

Witnesses: C. R. G.

Description: The informant reported seeing, photographing, and filming what
he considered an aerial anomaly at 11:00 on December 27, 2021, from Supía,
Colombia.

The user indicated that in a cloudy sky he saw an aerial phenomenon that
he described as having no particular shape, but with a size of 2 to 5 meters,
The witness ended his report stating that (sic): “While reading on the terrace of the place where I am staying in Colombia, I raised my head and saw this very black object protruding from the landscape, my first thought was that it was a balloon, so I decided to film and photograph it. It remained static for several seconds and then started moving very slowly towards the West.”
There was no wind and the clouds in the background seemed static. I followed him until he disappeared on the horizon. I don't know what size it was because it was quite far away. I thought of airships, wish balloons, but there is no wind and the movement seemed very straight, so I decided to send it for analysis. I have the videos recorded from my iPhone, but it doesn't allow me to send them due to the format, I was able to convert one to mp4, but I don't know if it loses quality. If you send me an email, I will send you the originals, to not alter them.
It was verified that the user was located in the municipality of Supía, situated in the northwest of the Colombian department of Caldas, at the geographic coordinates 5° 27’ 14’’ North Latitude and 75° 39’ 1’’ West Longitude, at 1,173 meters above sea level. (Figure 1)

                                 Figure 1

This determined that the case would fall outside the scope of work of SEFAA as it occurred outside the national borders of Chile.

Images: Along with his testimony, the informant sent seven photographs.
In JPG format and a video in MP4 format. The photos are attached below:

Conclusion: Due to its origin in a situation unrelated to the mission and function of SEFAA, the case was closed according to numeral 2b of Chapter 2 (Study of cases occurred or recorded in national territory) of the Technical Instruction Procedure, Investigation Times, Reception of Backgrounds, Preparation of Executive Report and SEFAA Report Archiving.

Case classified as "Foreign."
