{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530012","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25489","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4718,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/012/mufon-5530012.json","updb_database_id":5530012}
Saw bright light moving across sky over Richmond County, Several Sightings Reported that night.

I was standing in the parking lot at the Law Enforcement Complex in Anson County, and I had just finished up processing an arrest that I had made. A group of my colleagues and I were standing around talking and I looked up at the sky because it was an unusually clear and starry night. When I looked up, I was looking southeast toward Richmond County and I saw a bright light which looked like a star moving east across the sky. I remember focusing in on the object and tried to see if I could see any blinking lights which would indicate that it was a plane and I could not notice any. Then, to the west of the object, I saw another light moving north. I did notice lights blinking on it, and they appeared to be strobing like an airplane. I then looked back at the first object and it was still moving east at a steady pace. Suddenly, the object began to speed up from its steady pace and suddenly went black and disappeared, still heading east. The object was extremely bright, just like a planet would look, and remained that way until it just suddenly went black and disappeared. When I say it disappeared, I mean that literally. There was no gradual fading or cloud, it just went from bright to black instantly. None of my colleagues observed it to my knowledge and I didn't even make mention of it at the time. Even though I thought it was odd that it just went black instantly, I didn't feel it necessary to bring it up to my colleagues. This is partly because I had seen on the internet the day before that an asteroid was going to be moving close to the earth soon, and I couldn't remember if it stated that it would be viewable on this night, so I just dismissed it as the asteroid. I was confident that it wasn't an airplane, because prior to becoming a law enforcement officer, I worked with aircraft in the Navy, and I am very familiar with the flight operations and makeup of aircraft, both civilian and military. However, I didn't actually think it was anything "out of this world" until the next day when I seen the local newspaper in Richmond County, "The Daily Journal", which had an article about numerous UFO sightings occurring in Hamlet, NC, the same night as my sighting. Hamlet is a small town in southeastern Richmond County, and based on where I was looking in the sky, the object I seen would have been over that area of Richmond County (Anson County is the neighboring county to Richmond County). What was even more astonishing to me was the fact that the sightings reported occurred around the same time that I experienced my sighting. According to the article, one witness seen a craft hovering over her neighbors house, others across town reported seeing the same type craft, while others on the other side of the city also observed objects. A store clerk stated several of her customers came into the store reporting seeing an object similar to what the witness seen hovering over her neighbors house. Since Monday I have spoken to several credible people who have told me that they also seen strange lights and crafts that night. Some say they seen the same "starry" type craft that I seen, while others seen a cylinder shaped object. I'm a "no bull" kind of person, and because of my profession, I form my opinions based on what the evidence tells me. Just my sighting alone and I would have never thought twice about it, and I would have dismissed it altogether. However, with all of the sightings reported by several different people in different parts of the area, it is hard to deny that we may have experienced a true UFO phenomenon in our little part of the world that night. If you guys at MUFON read this article, I think you truly have a good investigation in your hands down here. The thing that gets me the most is that so many people witnessed something that night. People from all walks of life, from all over the area seen similar objects. For more information on the sightings and the article in the local paper go to [link moved to additional evidence section/cms/tg]
