{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484012","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75831","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2788,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/012/mufon-5484012.json","updb_database_id":5484012}
glowing ball that hovered, took off hyper speed, came back different directions, flew back from directions it came..so so fast

My wife and I were driving when she asked, what's that. When I glanced over I caught a glimpse of a light hovering but it disappeared to fast to tell. 20 seconds later, we turned the corner and from a different direction then before, this bright ball came so fast at us, we had to duck in the car cause we thought it was gonna hit the car. It had more then our attention. We lived on the street we just turned to, so right away I got my camera on my cell phone. Then it happened. 2-3 more came flying at us. I didn't aim the camera, I just hit the button to snap pictures.. In a few minutes, it was all over. 
 What we thought was a glowing ball, was that. You can see it in the pictures I caught. The fascinating thing we found though was rays around the ball (like the planet Saturn). We couldn't see these rings with the naked eye. It shows in the pictures also they touch the pavement, so it did get fairly close to the ground..it flew so fast towards the ground, I still don't know how it could possibly not of crashed. I mean this thing was flying at a speed you couldn't imagine, and instantly stop! The one stopped and flew back from almost the direction it came. And it took off as fast as it came. 
 The other interesting photo was the windows photo. There isn't a house on our street that looks like it. We also didn't see this, as all we seen was a glowing ball. Its an odd photo with one window area (perhaps a door), not lit up at all. Figures appear to be staring out or something. Its kind of a spooky picture, cause I really don't know what I'm looking at.. where's the glowing ball cause that's all I see.I still have the original cell that took these pictures too.
 Since this encounter, we had one more, but that's another ufo encounter. Eyes to the sky.
