{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-19 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290012","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113338","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3153,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/012/mufon-5290012.json","updb_database_id":5290012}
Driving home with my girlfriend, we both saw a ufo no more than 100 ft from us.

I live in south Florida in Port Saint Lucie, this was last year around the end of June, around 12am I was heading to my moms house to grab a long sleeve shirt with my girlfriend for my graduation, my brother was awake and I talked to him for a bit before I left, so I knew he was awake. As I am leaving I am going south, west of my house, 3-4 streets to the west, my girlfriend is driving and I see at the corner of my eye a bunch of lights above a house to the east( only a street or two away from my moms house), I lean in and it is a massive, 150-200ft classic ufo shape, the only color I could see was the black color on the bottom of the craft, it was no more than 2 streets over, moving north at around 5 mph, making absolutely no noise. Not sure if maybe the car I was in was blocking out all of the sound, but it was so eerie my girlfriend drove away and by the time I realized I needed a picture, she turned around and it was gone. I immediately text my brother knowing he’s awake and telling him what I saw, it had green lights on the top and bottom,( I remember specifically there was one less green light on the top than on the bottom, a red light at the back, and a MASSIVE white light shining on the ground, lighting up the entire house below it, it was also at about a 25 degree angle facing downward, (which is why i assumed the red light was the back of it) . It was very creepy and eerie which is why my girlfriend drove away so fast. I immediately I text my brother, he said he heard a noise, it was a very loud sound, (in his words "it gave me an eerie feeling" something that made him want to check what it was, but he didn’t because he didn’t think much of it, but he said it was a sound he felt like he never has heard before, which is weird seeing how we lived in a house less than a mile away from an airport for multiple years. But he said if he had to compare it to anything, it would be like a helicopter but it had more of a jet sound/plane before it went away. I won’t go into any more detail because I don’t have the specifics, but my brother has actually heard the same noise, and ran out and saw it with his own eyes closer than I ever did, he described the angle of it, lights and everything the exact way I did. this was around a week after my initial sighting. I have had multiple people tell me they have seen the same object and described it the same way i did, one of which i have never met. But I am unsure of what they saw.
