{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-08-21 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460012","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101389","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4914,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/012/mufon-5460012.json","updb_database_id":5460012}
{tjd} Gold chevron/triangular light seen for seconds a few yards away before it vanished.

I was walking home from work late one night. I was listening to music via headphones and a CD or cassette player. I got as far as the street beside my house and just as I finished crossing the street to my side when, I spotted a huge gold, "glowing" chevron/triangular shaped thing hovering about 20 ft. above the street I'd just crossed near my back gate. It was on my left. As I was so into the music I was listening to, it took me a moment to realize I'd just seen this huge gold thing above my street! (It was almost like you'd see in a Tom & Jerry cartoon where Jerry casually walks right past Tom, whose sleeping and Tom sees Jerry stroll by and just waves at him and goes back to sleep until he realizes what he just saw.) I stopped dead in my tracks. By the time I did, the forsythia bush in the front yard and the crabapple tree behind it was on my left and blocking my view of it so, I took two or three steps backwards to get a better look at it and, by the time I did, it was just GONE!!
A few years ago, I was working in a print shop where a good bit of gold embossing takes place. If you've ever seen gold embossing foil, that's pretty much the same shade of gold this thing was.
It was a very long and very shallow triangular shape with rounded corners. You might even say it was almost a very long, narrow oval shape except that there was a triangular point on it at the bottom, thus, destroying the ovalness. I can draw it, if need be. It's very simple.
I looked all over the sky for it and saw nothing.
I'm sorry but, I have no visual evidence of any of the 3 sightings I had. I have no video recording gear except a DVD/VHS recorded hooked up to the t.v.. As music is my life, all of my recording gear is for audio. At that time, I had nothing portable.
My 3rd sighting took place less than a block from here in a dark alley about 5 years ago. I don't recall what time of night it was. I was just casually strolling through the alley one spring or summer night and I got to the "halfway mark" and noticed how I could see more stars, et., al. in there so, I stopped to look at them for a moment. I noticed that one seemed to be moving VERY slowly from, I guess, the SSW towards the ENE. I wasn't sure if IT was moving or if it just LOOKED like it was moving because I wasn't standing perfectly still. I tried to steady myself and align my vision with the phone wire a few yards above me for more stability. The "star" kept moving! It seemed to be headed straight for another star. A second before it would've collided with that star (if, indeed, it was even physically close enough to it to actually do that), it suddenly SHOT OFF at a right angle to the N!! It was just GONE from view in a nano-second!! It just looked like a white dot in the night sky. I'm guessing it was after 10:00 p.m. and maybe before 1:00 a.m..
My second sighting was in bright daylight one sunny afternoon about 7 or 8 years ago. I was at the local mall with my aunt. I went into Community Market, got what I wanted and came right back out, she stayed inside and spent a good 10:00 or more shopping! While I was outside waiting for her, I was wondering something about the glow of the Sun if I was looking at it with the roof above me (and the sidewalk) blocking the Sun itself. So, I held onto or leaned against one of the metal pillars for stability and made sure not to look AT the Sun but, just its glow next to the roof. While looking at that, I noticed a vast array of squirmy things "swimming" around in the light of the Sun!! It looked like what you see if you look at a microscopic view of sperm swimming around in a petri dish! I stood there looking at these things "playing" in the glow of the Sun for a number of minutes! Some would be swimming towards it while others swam away and then they'd reverse course over and over again. I wondered if they were some kind of birds that were just way up high enough to not look like birds but, from my judgment of their distance Vs. their speed, they COULDN'T have been that close to Earth and birds just don't do that!! When my aunt finally came out she asked what I was looking at. I said, "UFO's." She gave me a disbelieving smile. We got in the car and drove away.
