{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-04-24 18:27:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504012","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54894","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2828,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/012/mufon-5504012.json","updb_database_id":5504012}
{kt}Zoomed in on hawk with camera, discovered UFO cluster above hawk by accident at a later date

I was in Grantsville, MD on an overnight visit to our getaway trailer in the woods, on the mountain with my husband. A very noisy hawk was circling above our traler, so I grabbed my camera and attempted to zoom in on it. The camera was poor quality, so I figured when I got home I would attempt to zoom even closer to the hawk and determine if it was a red-tailed hawk, or not. 

I did not notice, at the time, anything in the sky except the hawk. I noted the cluster of ufos at a much later date, when going through photos on my computer, at home. I noticed the circular shapes and first thought, WOW, that must be a flock of birds WAY up there! But, after I zoomed in on the computer, I saw they were circular shaped, all the same size, and the sun was reflecting from the west (the same on all the ufos). My son had seen a similar formation, while topping a tree, about 100 feet up in the top of a tree, near Wash. D.C.)....we have a tree company.

I did not see any of the ufos till much later, zooming in on the photo, on the computer...just the hawk making crazy squawking noises, as if disturbed.

In the photo, the ufos appeared....or, I sensed, they were travelling East or North-East. Now, that I think about it, how would I know their direction.

We have seen another ufo, at night, there in the same location that appeared to dance around the sky and suddenly approach us, very high up. I have never felt such terror and felt secluded, isolated, and thought I only had a groundhog gun in the trailer to aim at it/them. It was late at night.

Since I did not see the cluster/fleet of ufos, at the time....I did not stay and observe their direction, etc. I did not know about mufon until this past year, in a book. I applied a neon application to my photo to enhance the shape and existence of the ufos on my photo, above the hawk. It is about 3,600 feet above sea level, on top of the mountain up there.
