{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-08-18 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524655","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31170","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2903,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/655/mufon-5524655.json","updb_database_id":5524655}
So huge that it caught my curiosity at first then totally freaked me out after it was gone.

Was coming home after running an errand for a friend in a neighboring village 5 miles to the north of town. Upon reaching the village/city limits I noticed something slowly moving overhead at a creeping rate of speed. Once it was over the north end of town, I had to stop the car because I was struck in awe at the immense size of the craft. Could clearly see the underneath side of it from the street lights of town. 
It looked like it had low rectangular protrusions with antennas on the underneath surface of it. Shadowing outline of the top of the craft made it appear to be hat shaped, but it was clear to see from the underneath side that it was an obtuse triangle in shape, with the long point going forward. I thought I had better flash my headlights on the car at it in hopes that it would recognize me as friendly. There were two lights to each side of it, port & starboard, that identically repeated my signaling back. Then it slowly geared up from its hovering position and was gone in less than 5 seconds. I guessed it to be at least 300yards wide at the rear of the craft(which was facing me) and 500 yards long. For something as big as this was, I was utterly amazed how smoothly and how fast it took off without one bit of sound. What I thought took place in about 10 minutes, was actually about 30 minutes. What really gave me the creeps was that I was not even 200 feet away from a farmers place, nobody appeared to be home, no other traffic came up or passed by. The only living beings that saw anything were peoples dogs in and around town, barking like crazy. Oddly enough, I was at the local cafe the next morning having breakfast and overheard an old man complaining about the dogs raising hell the night before. Nobody ever mentioned seeing what I saw, and I figured people would think I was crazy if I had said anything about it. Tried to tell a good friend about it and she just spoofed at me by telling me I was stoned... I will tell you right now, I DID NOT smoke anything or drink anything or take anything that would have impaired my senses ability to function properly. Needless to say, the sighting amazingly scared me into the Love of Jesus... I didn't scared easily before the incident.
