{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-07 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506655","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52103","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4170,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/655/mufon-5506655.json","updb_database_id":5506655}
{cak} There was a triangle shaped UFO and two military jets following in Close Proximity following

We first observed the UFO flying towards us over Clearlake coming from the south east. Directly behind the triangle shape UFO were two planes following closely behind as if chasing it. They approached from several miles away at a high rate of speed and then seem to do a sharp turn from south easterly direction coming north to a westerly direction headed towards the ocean. At this point the three vehicles were clearly overhead at less than 500 feet. They then proceeded in a U-turn with the first vehicle clearly making very sharp and fast changes of direction and speed. At this point they headed in a south western direction with the front vehicle aka the triangular shaped one clearly making ground and creating a distance between the two following aircraft . At this point I had told a few friends who were also sitting on the porch about the lights and we were all watching, Along with my wife. They all were very interested and were surprised at the quick movements of the front vehicle. At this point I started to tell them I thought it was a dogfight between a UFO and American fighter. They were in disbelief but still Intrigued. The front vehicle then made a sharp westerly turn and created more space between it and the following planes. At this point we thought the front vehicle was clearly going to lose the other two. It was then that we realized the front plane had done a full 1801 turn and was headed directly at the two Chase planes.
 This is when one of my friends became semi-scared and was very worried about the planes feeling as if they might cause a collision in midair. As the planes approached each other the lead plane Went directly between the two and a Noticeable orange yellow flash happened. Then one of the Chase planes lights completely wet out and the other plane was still headed in the same direction as it was originally when the Front vehicle turned the 180. The second chase plane lights look like they fell suddenly and possibly crashed. Then the triangular shaped object quickly headed towards the west towards the Pacific ocean. It flew in that direction for nearly 4 minutes and then seem to hover and stop.
 Everyone who observed this was shocked and scared and was hoping that the pilots in the Chase planes were alright, there was a sense of urgency among us to figure out what was going on. We went as far as to check the Internet Fearing war. Then after the four minutes of movement There was a sudden surge of jet planes  above our lake. We are in the middle of a forest environment with no major airports near us. The friends that were here were surprised and shocked that there were so many jets flying above noted that the only time they did ever seen that many jets was at a blue Angels performance. Unfortunately the planes seemed to not be able to identify the front Triangular shaped craft as it was nearly 100 miles on to the western horizon. But they flew at least 20 jetplanes at the same time circling Northern Californias biggest natural lake. This was very disheartening to my guess and my wife and we are all afraid still. 
 Then with in a few minutes We were still observing the sky and noticed a Nother strange light that flashed only read with no white or green plane markings, this light flashed at a very on regular pace. Then there was a giant meteor shower activity with several white light meteors and one enormous green meteor that seem to land in the exact same area to two Chase planes crashed.
