{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-09-25 21:39:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480655","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79397","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3683,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/655/mufon-5480655.json","updb_database_id":5480655}
{rjl} Observed slow-moving disk with strobing multi-colored lights that changed direction, hovered then headed out over ocean.

I am a MUFON field investigator and I was taking out my trash can at 9:39 PM. I am recording this in case there are other sightings of this type of craft in the area. As I watched my garage door go up, immediately in front of me was a UFO hovering in alignment over the house across the street, but farther behind it. (See House UFO.jpeg which shows my neighbor's house, but in daylight.) My first thought was "OMG a UFO!"It was way too big for a plane. A second later as the lights strobed and reflected off the body I realized the lights were a wrong color(too much blue) for a plane, and it was far too big and too slow to be a plane, slower than even a slow helicopter. My vision is about 20/35 without my glasses, so I ran inside to get my glasses. It was hovering at about 30 degrees in elevation and 10 degrees north.The sky was mostly clear with only a few clouds (cloud base 3100-6500 feet according to the weather report), wind NE at 8 MPH, temperature was 78 degrees and humidity was 78%. It was disc-shaped but had sharp points on the top and bottom. There was a larger oval, very bright white light on the top point that blinked, not strobed. That light was so bright it hurt my eyes. Surrounding the object along its side were strobing multi-colored lights that strobed from white/blue/green/red/ yellow very quickly. They reflected off the body that seemed to be dull gray, but sometimes looked dull amber depending on the color of the lights strobing at the moment. Its speed was quite slow, slower than a slow helicopter. Twice, all of its lights went out at once for about two seconds and then the lights came back on as it hovered in the same place. Initially it hovered for about two minutes over the house, (I counted 110 seconds after I retrieved my glasses) then it headed east for about 10 seconds, stopped for 2-3 seconds, headed back west for about 10 seconds, stopped for 2-3 seconds, and then headed southeast.It had significant sideways movement as described, but its altitude did not change much other than slight wobbling.Once it went inside a cloud, the cloud lit up with the multi-colored lights and then it came out of the cloud, so its elevation was at least 3100 feet, meaning it had to be pretty big to appear penny-size at arms length and 3100 feet up. It moved slowly southeast of me and I lost sight of it when it was behind some woods. From its height and distance it should have been over the Atlantic Ocean at that point. From the direction it moved, it may have been over downtown St. Augustine and/or St. Augustine Beach at some point, so I wonder if MUFON will get more reports. I watched it for a total of approximately 6 minutes. There were no animal or psychological effects and no missing time.
