{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-06-17 13:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290655","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112684","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2338,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/655/mufon-5290655.json","updb_database_id":5290655}
Object was lead gray with triangular shape. It hovered and grass swirled in a circular motion. Smelled like electricity or ozone. Surface was cold.

Actual year was 1967 and I just turned 11. It was a cloudless day and warm. I was in our barn brushing my horse when she began to wide eyed and snorting. She began pawing the dirt. I heard swirling and went outside and when I turned I nearly ran into a triangular, lead grey, edge with roughly a 10 ft wing span. The grass was swirling and I went back inside and hid. I heard it move so I got up and it was "backing" up into the middle of the pasture. It shot up in an oblique move and eventually it began doing twirls and other moves that would destroy any other plane. It went up so high that I lost it in the clouds but twice the sun reflected off of it. 
The very next day my grandfather and I were laying shingles on our house roof. He observed it in the same place. We watched it hover for at least 15 min. It had snuck up on us and we didn't hear a thing. Eventually, it backed up and shot off in the same way and direction.. Both of us tried to figure out how it was powered but we saw no engines. My grandfather told my dad, who worked at General Electric in Evendale, Ohio at the time. Since we were close to Wright Patterson AFB, dad said it could be protocol of a new design. My grandfather was the only other living soul that shared this magnificent craft sighting with me. He had a 3rd grade education but was a master builder and inventor. He told us the only was something could move like that is if the triangle was using the earths own magnetics to push off or pull down. It has been forever embedded in my memory and I still search for it to this day. I'm 63 now, I will keep watching!
