{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-30 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489655","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69955","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4458,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/655/mufon-5489655.json","updb_database_id":5489655}
{dr}7 circular in a V formation to the left of 4 circular in a striaght formation/the 4 made a s formation to a line formation

It was late and I was standing outside in the driveway with my son, Chris. We were both leaning up against my truck, looking at the skyline to the east. I made a comment that it was a strange night, he said I know I saw some strange thing earlier, neither of us commented, but just started looking up into the skyline. Earlier I had seen airplanes to the north (LAX flight path about 15 miles away). We were looking up and saw two sets of crafts flying across out of the clouds from the southeast. It was hard to make the objects out they were translucent (not see thru)just very light almost matching the cloud color. The objects were moving slowly in formation, to the left were 7 round objects with the leading object (in a "V" formation) pointing the tip to the northeast, They would be about the size of a watch battery at arms length. Beside the V were 4 more round objects, same in color and size, flying in a straight line. When the objects were passing directly over head, the 4 on the right in a straight line made a "s" pattern and then resumed into a straight line. They continued to fly past the front of our home and back into the clouds still traveling north west (towards Santa Monica and coast). This was my first up close sighting. I took the "s" pattern as a communication, I said to my adult son, they are saying hello, wave back and we both did. Personally, I have been trained by a paranormal investigation team for 4 years, I know how to internally dissect for information and debunking. My skeptic side of my brain had questioned, "It's a flock of birds", my instinct was to place values of what I observed.
1. Flock of birds: nighttime, no place for light reflection, height above where birds normally fly, objects too large, flight pattern was not irregular.
2. Observed no airplanes or helicopters in area to compare with. This is unusual since we live to the southeast of the LAX flight path. Planes usually fly to the direct northwest out of LAX or in a straight line on the north side, or they follow the coast keeping to the south of our house. This one chose to fly directly over our house.
3. The round flat objects had no lights that were colored, blinking, search lights or patterns of any kind. They stayed one color very light almost blending in with the cloud color. If you didn't stare or were directly looking for them you would not have noticed them. This rules out planes and helicopters. 
4. Goodyear blimp, resides in Carson on the north side of the 405 fwy, I suppose many a drunk person at the Home Depot center would have sworn it was a UFO. The blimp was not out that night, it is large, football shaped, flies very low and has advertisement and multi-colored blinking lights. I have observed the Goodyear blimp for 39 years. It wasn't the blimp.
5. There was no sound, no engines.
In conclusion, I ruled out much of what I could to determine this was not man made for commercial or law enforcement use, as I see multitudes of aircraft in the area for such purposes. At first I thought maybe the government would have use for such aircraft, but I leaned towards it still did not seem a military invention. I also felt the wavy S pattern and the direct path over our house, was in direct communication for both of us. Which would not at all surprise me. I grew up as a experiencer and taught my son from 8 years old what UFO's were and that we keep it between ourselves. I believe it was extraterrestrial and it was meant to be seen by both of us. This was a positive experience. I was in touch with someone by email regarding this but didn't know if I had sent out a report to MUFON, I checked the website and couldn't find a case file for my report previously if it was submitted.
