{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-03 22:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517655","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40134","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2460,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/655/mufon-5517655.json","updb_database_id":5517655}
{ck} short time over tree tops feeling no noise but having a light electric feel in the air

I was comming home from the fire works that the city put on. I did not want to go home right away so I started driving out on the outskirts of town where there is no people living and mostly old abondon houses. I drive a newer car so no problems with the raido. The music started to fade in and out and cut out all together. But before that happen a weird noise came apon my speakers and it sounded like a half of some type of word. It is a sound that will always be in my head. As i glance out my window I saw some lighting as i thought it was more fireworks but the lights were still at first. Then I stopped on the side of the road and saw the lights started to move. They were moving up and down but in a slow moving way. It kind of felt like time was slowing down. I could not belive what i was seeing. I have seen a few UFOs in Mississippi but not this close to me. With in the time i was able to grasp at what i was looking at it started to flot up and into the clouds and disappered like it had a camo of the clouds that were comming in from a storm. This area has open farm lands in this area also. I will keep watch on any news of missing or dead animals. The Ufo itself was hard to see for what shape it was. As i moving around  the shape was not fully oval but more of a triangle with a oval end. The lights on it were a light green with hints of white in them. and it also had a single light that was i redish orange. When i fist saw the UFO it made my heart skip because it was like walking up on a snake. The feeling of a low electric current start comming over my body. I was able to move and pull over my car to step out to get a better look. My judgement the ufo was there some time before i got there and was in the process of leaving when I drove up.
