{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-11-13 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479655","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80427","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3384,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/655/mufon-5479655.json","updb_database_id":5479655}
{cak} Red diamond pulsating brightly. Did a quarter of a circle around me then moved quickly to the north while ascending into high level clouds.

I was taking the trash out at sometime between 7pm and 8pm. I stepped out the back door (North side) and in my peripheral caught the flashing lights to my right. My initial thought was it would be a helicopter as we have a tremendous amount of air traffic in this area from north Dallas and the surrounding areas. But as I turned and looked I immediately saw this was something different. 

It was a large pulsing extremely bright shape. It made no sound what so ever. I think if I had held my thumb up at arms distance it would have just covered it. I did not think to check that at the time. 

I started East of me and moved in a circle like fashion counter clockwise towards the North. (After the fact it very much seemed to me that its intension was for me to see it. It seemed to make me the center point for the arc of its turn.) Once it reached the position north of me it just stopped and hovered pulsing brightly. 

Somewhere in the mix of this I had yelled for my wife to come look, and she had not heard me. While it was hovering I turned my head to yell again. (I remember being afraid that if I looked away from it it might disappear. and I really wanted my wife to see it.) She heard me the second time and came from the front of the house. by the time she got there it had already started moving to the north and as such was a lot smaller in the sky. But as soon as she saw it she recognized that it was something other than the normal craft around there. It moved beyond the branches of our neighbors trees.

When it started to move away it was a bit deceptive as to its speed. I thought that maybe we could jump into the car and catch another good close up glimpse of it, so we took off. I think we went about a mile but it was apparent after that it was moving fast. I disappeared into what I think was high level clouds to the north. 

It was a clear night for the most part we could see planes around every where (commercial airliners that is.) 

Here is a more detailed description as best as I can give.
Pulsating red lights above below and all over. It seemed to be diamond shaped but I could not tell for sure as the light pulsed and changed so rapidly that maybe the shape was just glare in my eyes. It seemed to me that there might have been a horizontal division across the middle of the diamond. like a spot where there were no lights dividing the diamond into a upper and lower half. But it is hard to state definitely. After looking on youtube the closest appearance would be the orbs in Pennsylvania. 

My wife had her phone and attempted to get a picture but it moved away to quickly beyond the tree branches.
