{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-10-10 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488655","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70985","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3692,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/655/mufon-5488655.json","updb_database_id":5488655}
{jpg} I observed a string of lights way off in the distance.one by one one light would break away from the pack. And I witnessed each small craft land - hover on the ground lose to where I lived

I was going to the bathroom at around 3am
I always looke out of a window facing east towards the desert 
I had seen a UFO a few months before and was always looking to see another
And after looking this particular night this row of lights was unmistakable 
I knew I had to watch
First it was one very bright light,and as I watched I could see that there were at least 10 behind it ,like a train
I will try to describe the whole sighting now....
The small town I lived in was asleep with an occasional car coming through 
With this string of lights off in the distance,I noticed over a small mountain range to my left,a very large but bright sphere.when a car would come through town,this sphere would desend down behind the small mountain,when the car would pass it would then rise up to its original altitude. Like a lookout....
After a while when all in town was still,the first of the lights way off in the distance left the pack and descended all the way into town.i watched as it made its way all the way to the ground.it hovered right off the ground.on its way down it cornered towards my location and its lights were extremely bright,it illuminated roof tops as it went over them.Dogs were barking other than that it was dead quiet.
Once it got to the ground it nestled in to a small creek bed with small trees I could see that it was hovering close to the ground,and then it dimmed its lights down real low but I could still see it barely.
Then here comes a car...the big sphere over the mountain to my left hid again and the hovering craft backed even deeper into hiding,when the car left the large sphere rose again and the smaller hovering craft kind of moved back in to position.
This went on for the next hr.plus,with each craft from the train made its way all the way down,and then hovered,hid,and dimmed down so as not to be detected.
I had to go see for myself,dressed and took a walk to see them up close
When I got outside I noticed behind my house,so behind me was another big sphere another lookout. I was scared but pulled to go look...I could now see all 10 small craft  Dimmed,hiding but I could still see them
One was hovering next to a church rooftop high,very still but I could see small hovering movements. I said here goes,I never took my eyes off of this one craft, as I walked towards it
And got nearer to it,50yrds. It dimmed down to where it was invisible 
When I walked past and continued its lights powered back up slightly
I found a place to watch from a short distance and could see all ten.as dawn approached and got lighter they were getting less visible until they were invisible as it became light.
I headed back to my house at 630 am,and as the town started to come alive
I looked across the road in a great ravine and see the two lookout spheres low to the ground and floating away no sound,almost looked like big floating bubbles transparent...
