{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-03-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492866","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66658","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8089,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/866/mufon-5492866.json","updb_database_id":5492866}
{dr}started in willow ca and went all the way up the siskiyou mt loss of 3 plus hrs with scares

My girlfriend and I were driving back to Oregon from southern California when we decided to stop at a rest stop in Willows California. I got out went to the restroom and when I got back Kym looked terrified and she said look over at the car next to us an see if you can see the persons face as I was looking at this person who was looked like he was hiding his face although I couldn't see the face I could see it's head and it was clearly to large to be real. As I was trying to get a look at this persons face I got a real uneasy feeling that I did not want to see what was behind the news paper and at that moment Kym asked if I would take over driving. When Kym ask me to drive I know there was a problem and a big one at that because Kym never let anyone drive here car not even me for as long as we have been together (I'm noting this because it was so far out of character for her) So I hope on the freeway and headed towards Oregon on I-5N I reminder going through Redding Ca and seeing the sign for Shasta Lake the next thing I remember was waking up behind the wheel and the first thing I said was this is the 3rd time we've been around this mountain only to have Kym say we've lost 3 plus hours since seeing the sign for Shasta Lake. This is where things got way out of control Kym started freaking out saying we had been abducted not only that she pointed out a scare that she said she did not have 4 hours prior to this adventure. I searched my body and found a scare down by my right ankle toward the back that was not there hours ago. I continued to drive as I was trying to make sense of what was going on, as Kym starts telling me that we our going to die tonight I've seen it happen. I tried to calm her down telling her there is a rational explanation for what we were experiencing so she goes on to tell me that she can prove it to me as she tell me exactly what vehicle is behind us along with the occupants of the vehicle. She continued to predict with a 100% accuracy every vehicle and person as I continued driving I got off the freeway to get some gas and as I'm driving down this road that was somewhere off north weed exit I pulled up to a shack and out comes a armed guard saying I need to turn around immediately I asked where I was and the reply was your in the wrong place. I finally find the on ramp and headed back north on the I-5N getting off in Yreka to get some gas when I get off the freeway and start driving toward a gas station I noticed there were no cars or people for that matter except one BP gas station. I pull in to the station and there are two guys inside and of course Kym is crying as the two guys watch from inside so i get out and go inside and the first that comes out of there mouth is what is wrong with the lady in the care I explained her father had passed away yesterday and we our driving to the funeral in Portland Oregon. These were the only people I seen in this town and I had a bad feeling inside my gut as this guy was looking at me with these piercing eyes I swear his eyes were all black and all i could think of is getting out of there. I get back on the freeway and as we started up the siskiyou mountain and again Kym was shaken to the core she was sure we were going to die in some crash and not more then 5 minutes later we come around the corner there is a tanker that was jacked knife in the middle of the road blocking all the lanes Kym is screaming at me not to stop so i gun it and squeeze by the tractor and concrete medium as i'm driving away I see all the guys that were working on the truck start to pick everything up as if it was staged and they were waiting for us. At this time I'm on edge now with everything that has happened up to that point just seemed like I was in some SyFy movie or I was dreaming this though that was not the case at all now we our getting close to the top of the mountain just before the last exit before going down the mountain. I was getting ready to pull over on to the side of the road when I noticed that there was bright lights coming from just over the hill so i continued to drive and when we got to the top there is an exit there that will bring you around a tunnel that goes under the freeway and there was all these people in suits like you would see when there is a chemical spill or something along those lines and Kym said turn it around they are cloning people we can't go through the tunnel and at this point I'm believing what she is telling me so what I do I turn the car around and drive down the mountain on the wrong side of the road dodging any vehicles coming up the mountain. I get down the mountain to exit 1 and turn the car around and park it along the road I tell Kym grab the water and blanket were our going to hike up the mountain to hide tell I see day light so we get half way up the hill side and hide behind some bushes to relax and take a break not more then a couple of minutes this truck( I say a truck though I'm not sure what it was It did not look real at all) pulled up and then out comes 8 to 10 people in the suites jump out and start canvassing the area where we were parked Kym was ready to give up her life and at that moment I grabbed her and covered her mouth tell they left witch seemed like for ever. I let go of Kym and she is calmed down a little since the suites took off I look up in the sky and all i could see was what looked like a circle of stars just hovering there you could not see anything else other then the circle of stars and on top of that it was snowing though it really wasn't snow it looked like it as it was falling and yet when you look at it on your skin it felt like ash I thought for of minute maybe there was an eruption or something that would explain some of the things that were going that night. Kym kept on telling me that we were not on the earth we lived on that this was the 7th earth in the circle of life we sat there going over everything that had happened up to that time. I don't remember what time it was though it seemed like we were up in the hills for a long time waiting for light of day to come finally it comes we get back on the road. Now as I'm driving every time a vehicle was approaching I would have to pull off the side of the road an wait tell the truck got passed us before moving on. We get down the mountain in one piece so I pull off to get some gas in ashland and as the guy was pumping some gas I asked if anyone had died on the mountain last night and to my surprise he said yes a couple crashed last night. We finally make it home and at that night before we went to bed there were 3 beings of some sort you could see the outline of all 3 of them the next day Kym an I split up she tells me that I am a constant reminder of what had happen to us. We both remember being in a room on a table that was like metal though it wasn't anything I had ever seen she said she could see them working on my head though she couldn't see what they were doing exactly. I kept what had happened to me for years before telling anyone and on top Of that i tracked Kym down after 15 years asking if she remembered what happen that day and she said I remember everything exactly the way it happened. I missed a few things though this gives you an accurate account of what happened.      

Thanks James 

P.S I member the night has if it happened yesterday it does not go away...
