{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-05-01 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289866","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113486","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2274,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/866/mufon-5289866.json","updb_database_id":5289866}
Star/satellite-like white light in sky - stationary, then moved like a jet, stopped, hovered, blasted in opposite direction faster than shooting star

I had just gone through a break up and was wondering if we would get back together. I went out into the back yard and looked up at the sky and asked for "a sign". The sky was dark and clear and many stars were visible with very low light pollution because the size of the town was small and out in the country.

As I was looking at the stars one of them suddenly started to move. It looked in all respects like a star, bright white, and unflickering, except that it had suddenly started to move. I could not tell how far away it was but I would say at the least it was as far away as a jet would be, and at the most it was as far away as a satellite would be.

At the time I assumed it was a satellite, and watched it, wondering what that would mean as far as "a sign" for my relationship. It moved for maybe about six seconds in a straight line. Then it stopped dead in the sky. It hovered there completely motionless (to my eye - I suppose the reality of that depends on how far away it was), for about three seconds, and then shot off, faster than any comet I've ever seen, and at about a 20 degree angle to the original flight trajectory.

I suddenly felt very unsafe and ran inside and locked all the doors and windows and closed all the curtains and blinds. I had nightmares that night and for about three months after, about every manner of alien craft coming for me, and I neurotically locked all the doors and windows every night at dusk. Eventually as life was uneventful after that, the nightmares faded away.
