{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-06-15 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286866","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116516","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2740,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/866/mufon-5286866.json","updb_database_id":5286866}
thought it was 2 satellites, but then came to a stop, then started doing 90 degree turns. crazy

I was watching satellites go overhead from my back porch like I often do, and I noticed 2 satellites traveling across the sky very close together. I thought, "thats weird, 2 satellites together?" But then I realized I must be seeing the the front and back reflective panels of a single satelllite. Just as I thought this, the twin satellites were directly overhead when they did something I have never seen a satellite do. They rapidly slowed to a stop! It really did feel like my blood went cold! As I stood there dumbfounded, the hovering "satellites" instantly accelerated back to the same speed they had been traveling when I first saw them. They began to fly a pattern of oddly straight lines and instantaneous 90 degree turns. They would travel in a straight line for a second or two, then make an instant 90 degree turn! I mean, literally instant. They appeared to be traveling at the same speed of a satellite yet managed to make a 90 degree turn?? How?? I yelled for my (now ex) wife who came out to watch with me. While she kept her eye on the reflective little dots in the sky, I ran downstairs for my binoculars. I spent several minutes but could not find them. I went back to my wife and we watched these objects do probably 50-100 turns in this manner. Eventually they moved into a different area of the sky over the cascades where we lost sight of them.  I originally didn't report this because I thought people might think I was nuts. I don't care anymore. I'm a skeptic, not a conspiracy theorist, spiritualist, x-files believer, or any of that stuff. But I genuinely believe that what I saw was an intelligently guided craft of some kind, not made on this planet Earth. I cant believe all this stuff is actually real. I feel a little strange. I feel like I know something that everyone around me doesn't. I will never forget that night. I'm really glad there is a group out there like you guys, cataloging these incidents. Hopefully our government will get on the ball and start doing the same thing. Thanks for your hard work MUFON!
