{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-25 19:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519866","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36771","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2818,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/866/mufon-5519866.json","updb_database_id":5519866}
UFOrbs communicate with light

I was outside, under the stars, leaning back in my fold-back chair just waiting for my space-bearing friends to make another appearance. As it is, they visit every night I go out to look for them. Since this was a particularly beautiful night, I knew they would come. Most nights I see at least four or five, although occasionally I only see one. I can always expect to see at least one peer through the clouds as if to say "Hi!, Im just seeing if your still there". Last night was different. As usual I saw the initial Orb. My traditional calling method is a trained 10 second solid laser beam directly overhead. I am always careful NOT to direct my beam at any Aircraft. The first Orb appears and often a chain reaction is started and more appear. On this night, they just kept appearing. I did not keep count but there were over a dozen. They came from all directions with different intensities and distances. One Orb appeared directly overhead and was traversing the sky towards the South. I took my LED flashlight and flashed out a code. Immediately, the Orb began to grow in intensity as if flying towards me at a great speed. Within seconds the defined round light went from the size of a pea held at arms length to penny sized, then to quarter size and finally to about the size of a golf ball. When the object got to the size of a golf ball or greater, fear seized me once again and I could no longer remain in my chair. I made way to the front door and as I turned to look back, realized the object had begun to retreat the same way it had advanced, diminishing in size and intensity. Had I remained in my chair, I have no doubt the object would have continued to advance towards me. I do not know if fear is saving me or if it is keeping me from knowing the truth. Presently and Honestly, I am at an impasse. if I continue to observe these objects, all the while allowing their advancement, will I find their inhabitants to be friendly? or will there presence be more of an malevolent nature. It is said that fear is necessary for survival, however it can also be a detriment to exploration. I know that if these beings intended to pursue or harm me, they could have easily done so by now.
