{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-29 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476866","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83333","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2515,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/866/mufon-5476866.json","updb_database_id":5476866}
2 shimmering orange globes moving east to west flew over house, no sound moving fast

Sitting at the back of my pool enclosure reading, facing north on 12/29/2013. I noticed a glow just above the tree line to the East.My home is within a mile to the local airport so I thought to myself that a helicopter with search light was approaching the airport. Not sure at what point I realized it was not a helicopter but I kept watching as it approached I got up setting my Ipad down and leaving my phone on the table next to where I was sitting I walked out of the enclosure looking up to see the object fly over my home. There were no clouds over head so I had nothing to judge size or altitude but the object flew overhead and slightly north of my home. It looked perfectly round , made no sound, no flashing lights and no wings just shimmering orange glow. I kept watching as it flew towards the setting sun, It was around 6/6:30 and the sun was behind clouds to the west(none overhead)but still very light outside. the object proceeded toward the setting sun and was still bright enough to see until beyond the tree line and clouds to the west. I watched it until it went out of sight and turned around to return to the pool enclosure. I looked up to see another object that looked the same and moving in the same path at the same speed. I watched the second object until it also went out of sight to the west. I have lived at this home close to the small local airport for 26 years and have never seen anything like this. Again it made no sound, no wings, no flashing lights just a two shimmering orange balls moving at high speed east to west. 2 nights later, new years eve we had a small fire in the side yard and was telling my daughter about what i had observed when we both looked up to see an orange light moving erratically overhead not like a shooting star more like up and away this lasted for a second and was gone.
