{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-09-12 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510866","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47522","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4177,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/866/mufon-5510866.json","updb_database_id":5510866}
{nd} Over period of several hours numerous orbs that changed size and color flew around my area.

I am a retired Air Force NCO, and former Russian crypo-linguist and intelligence analyst with a Top Secret SCI (Code word) security clearance. I was not on any drugs or alcohol while these objects were seen, and I have never been arrested or treated for a mental illness.  Yet, I have been hesitant to make this report for many years.  It is my wish to remain anonymous. 

On the night of September 12, 2007, numerous flying objects were noted in the area around my home. They mostly moved about in apparent random fashion, changing in size, color, and intensity, but at times several of them flew in perfect unison with each other. Numerous smaller objects were constantly entering and emerging from the sphere. At times these objects were noted in elevation anywhere from 0 - 10,000 feet. They fluctuated in speed and direction with the agility and power I have never witnessed in any military aircraft - American or Russian.  They turned at 90 degree angles while traveling close to Mach one. They NEVER made any sound, though all the jets and helicopters were quite loud. 

For about 10 minutes numerous objects hovered within 300-500 feet from my home within a small valley that it overlooks.  In a few of the pictures the objects are visible behind a medium size tree in the field across from my home. (By the end of winter that same tree died and fell over.) I am mostly color blind so I cannot say what colors the lights looks, but they were constantly changing.  I know I saw red lights intermixed mixed with greens and/or yellows.

Throughout the night numerous military aircraft (presumably from Wright Patterson AFB) were in the area to include jet interceptors and helicopters. At times the spheres were literally flying circles around the jets.  After the incident a squadron of helicopters flew very close to my home with VERY bright spotlights pointed downward.

Note that the airspace over my home is restricted for military exercises. The ONLY jets that ever fly over my home are military, though small private civilian craft are allowed at lower elevations.

The next morning I called the local sheriff and specifically asked if there were any strange reports during the night. He laughed and said, "Yes, the military was playing war games and were shooting flares."  

I would be happy to speak to your investigators, provided I remain anonymous.  I have about 90 photos of these objects. Please provide an email address for me to mail them all.
