{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-11 21:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513866","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44388","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2641,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/866/mufon-5513866.json","updb_database_id":5513866}
{cak} 3 bright lights observed at tree top level when I glanced out my living room window which faced west

It has taken me a few weeks to tell my story, and thats only because of the backlash people get when they report anything "odd". I was sitting in my chair in the living room on Sunday November 11th, 2012 (watching Once Upon a Time that I had recorded) when I glaned out my front window which faces West and observed 3 BRIGHT lights extremely low in the sky. I turned back to watch my program for a second and with the lights in my mind glanced back out the window and they were gone. I went to bed that night still wondering about those lights. The next morning as I was sitting in my same chair drinking my coffee I looked out that same window when I realized that whatever I had seen the previous night had to be flying just above the treetops and it had to have been HUGE. I thought "maybe it was a plane" as there is an Airport some distance from me located in Flint, MI. But I have lived in this home for over 26 years and in all that time I have never seen a plane flying that low. Grant it, when I am out near the airport planes decend all the time,nd of course on take off they are low, and that would not be unusual. But how could it be gone in a second? and why was it flying that low so far away from the airport heading East when the airport is some miles West from me?

Anyway a few days later my sister happened to mention a UFO siting that was in the newspaper (I don't buy the newspaper). I asked her when was it and what did the article say. I was shocked to learn it was the same night I saw whatever it was I saw. I have no idea what I observed, but if a LARGE plane was flying that low wouldnt I have heard something? I didn't hear a sound. I am reporting this because I just couldnt let it go without saying something and also my sister urged me to report it. I have been searching for an explanation as to what the person reported seeing on Nov. 11th as I heard it was being investigated but have not found anything yet.
