{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-15 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475866","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84404","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3231,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/866/mufon-5475866.json","updb_database_id":5475866}
{cak} While driving home at night i observed this huge flying object traveling towards the freeway. Drivers in front of me and to the side were slowing down to watch it. A few minutes later its lights went out and it seemed to disappear.

I was driving home at night on I-80 in Vallejo and I couldn't help but notice a huge aircraft flying slowly to the right of the freeway. It seemed to be coming towards the freeway. The blinking lights caught my attention at first and I noticed how large it was and that it was flying very low and very slow. At first I thought it was an airplane in trouble and that it was going to try to land (?) on the freeway. But as I watched I noticed that it was much, much larger than an airplane and although I couldn't make out its shape, I could see an outline. It had blinking lights that seemed to be coming towards the freeway. To my knowledge an airplane cannot travel at such a slow speed and that low to the ground without crashing. There was a lot of traffic on the freeway and I could tell others were watching this (?) as well. Drivers were slamming on their breaks to watch. It was almost a panic situation and I thought there was going to be an accident so I decided to get off the freeway. But before I could safely pull over it changed direction and was moving away from me. Now it was traveling east towards the hills. I kept watching it as much as I could, as was everyone on the freeway. Its lights were blinking randomly in no particular order and one side of the aircraft (UFO) was tipped towards the ground. I could see the outline but I couldn't make out the shape. It was just huge and intimidating. It looked as if it was searching for something or trying to land. Moving slowly, all of a sudden the lights blinked off and whatever it was just disappeared. As in vanished! I did see the lights go out and thought it was strange that something that large would/could just shut down in mid air. So, I pulled off the freeway and tried to locate something to indicate that whatever it was, had moved on or landed; but nothing was visible. I found nothing, no lights, no trace that it had been there. I was somehow glad I didn't see a large UFO on the ground. I have no idea what I would do if it was there. I was e and a little afraid so I drove home. It seems like it was not trying to hide. Nothing that big could hide. However, if we do have visitors I would like to know for sure what they are and what they are planning to do. I felt uncomfortable after this experience. I do hope others will find the time to report what they saw and what they think of this situation. We are not alone!
