{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-17 10:47:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500866","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58217","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4277,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/866/mufon-5500866.json","updb_database_id":5500866}
{rjl} Bright Blinking Lights Hovering and Drifting Slowly North Over Tallest Mountain in the North End of the Las Vegas Valley

I have become even more interested in the UFO phenomena following my UFO sighting and video capture on April 16, 2014 in Las Vegas, Nevada. I reported my previous UFO sighting to Mufon along with the video, my testimony and the message another witness gave me along with a map and a photo another witness took. That case (55525 or 55529 1 got two numbers from Mufon) was proven to be an unknown or a UAV after it was investigated by Mufon. 

I have been spending extra time each night monitoring the skies over the Las Vegas Valley since that incident. My home is in Summerlin and my backyard has a wide open view of the Las Vegas Valley and much of North Las Vegas as well. At around 10:47 pm on 7/17/2014 I began filming some flashing lights that were blinking brightly over the mountains in the north part of the valley. I had no idea what they were but I had seen them several times before but had never been able to shoot video of them. I also thought they were airplanes the first time I saw them because they were flying in a line or spaced formation. Each time I have seen them they have always been north of my home and far enough away where I couldn1t tell exactly what they were or hear any noise. They always appeared to be in the north on every occasion and near the mountains. 

On 7/17/2014 I saw them again but this time they were just remaining stationary. They seemed to be slowly drifting to the north. I filmed them for more than five minutes when I finally decided I couldn1t see them through the view finder any longer and stopped the video. The camera was the camera that comes with my Galaxy S4 telephone. It was set on night mode and already zoomed in all the way before I ever shot video because the blinking lights seemed to be so far away. There didn1t seem to be anything fantastic about them until I went inside my home and previewed the video. The lights were baffling. I then came back outside about twenty five minutes later to see if they were still there. To my surprise they were although very faint. I used a good set of binoculars and sure enough they were still in the exact same area but farther away. To shoot the video I propped my arms up on our block wall and kept the camera still the whole time and never needed to change the direction I was pointing the camera. I was tempted to change the direction once or twice because the screen on the phone looked dark but I didn1t because I remembered the lessons I learned from my first video capture.

I also made a map of where I believe the objects were located and finally I used Photoshop to blowup consecutive screen captures I did of the objects. I believe I took about fifteen different screen captures and blew them up side by side so that they would be accurately displayed after being blow up. It appeared to me that there were a minimum of four objects and possibly five. I waited to file this report because I now run a Facebook group that relates to UFO1s in the USA. Many in the group felt they were not airplanes or anything else that could be explained and could be UFO1s. It1s because of the group members that I decided this was worth pursuing and investigating. I have no idea what they were but I1d be very interested to find out.
