{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-28 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508842","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49609","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3402,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/842/mufon-5508842.json","updb_database_id":5508842}
{cak} roundish, dark-grey, hovering in same spot but moving around

I already submitted a report Aug 3rd on this so to many of you it would sound like you read this. BUT the only reason I am rewriting it is because I had typed in that it was spotted in Chicago but no it was spotted in a suburb of Chicago called Clarendon Hills and it bothered me that i wrote Chicago. When filling out the paper i thought they meant basic area. Basically I was on my way home from the town of Hinsdale coming up on the border of Hinsdale and Clarendon Hills. I was on my bike with my MP3 player listening to a album called Hillsong live. I was approaching the Route 83 highway a area where cars and bikes and people can go UNDER the highway which leads to a parking lot for people to park for the train and swimming pool. Its a good short cut a lot of us do. Write before i was about to go under route 83 i saw a thing moving with a light and i thought it was a helicopter going over Route 83 and me but i didn't hear any noise and so i started turning down the volume on my MP3 player. It takes about 12 seconds for a bike to get out from underneath route 83 so that i then lost 12 seconds of seeing the sky. Therefore when i got out from under the street i looked up at the sky again. I normally would of never looked up but because of seeing something before i went under that street i looked straight up after i got out from underneath the street and saw something hovering. It looked 8 stories high the size of a plastic recyclable garbage can. But it looked small because a garbage can at that height looks small. IT was basically roundish but not fully round inbetween round and a egg. It was darkish/greyish. I think there was a red light at the bottom that was dimmed. Since it was red towards the bottom but all basically looked the same color thats why i said it had a hint of red. It was totally staying in the same spot but at the same time moving around a lot like very very fidgety and bouncy. It looked alot more controlled then a toy remote. I read a few days after the incident that small UFOs move around a lot like a boat at dock and it was something like that. I described it as bouncy and i keep those words but the word fidgety is a good word too. I stayed on my bike and just kept looking up at it as i was taking my short cut. I don't know why i didn't get off my bike to get a better look. I didn't feel scared. When i got almost a block away by the houses i glanced back and saw it still in the same spot bouncing around. The thing i saw before i went under route 83 and the thing i saw when i came back out from route 83 looked like two different things BUT i thought it was the same thing or related. The ONLY reason i sent this again is because this was spotted in Clarendon Hills not Chicago.
