{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-08-31 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289842","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113510","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2537,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/842/mufon-5289842.json","updb_database_id":5289842}
Small orb in the daytime sky hovering in the west then moved to the north quickly

I hope that I'm not wasting your time.

A friend and I had an experience many years ago (more than 20) and I'm wondering if anybody has ever reported anything like what we saw.  I guess I've waited so long to report this because I honestly don't have any idea what we saw.
 There was no physical contact and no communication that I can prove, just a very strange feeling that neither of us has ever experienced before or since. I don't have any real evidence that it was extraterrestrial in nature - again, just a weird feeling (an almost electric sensation).

We saw an orb-like object hovering in the sky that seemed to be flashing or shimmering. It was either gold and white or gold and silver in color and seemed to be flashing in a pattern. This was late afternoon, during the summer.

After we both observed it, independently of each other. It moved from from one cardinal direction to another in about 10 seconds (I'm not sure which way we were facing when it started). Then, it started flashing the same sort of pattern, but this time it lasted all night. Sometime around dawn, the next morning, it was gone.

When it moved across the sky (with no vapor nor exhaust) and repositioned itself I finally mentioned it to me friend. As I started asking him, he finished the question. He'd been watching it as well.

I must admit that I did feel a strange 'vibe' from it, but then again we were backpacking in the wilderness with lots of critters around, so maybe I was just edgy. It was an 'electric' feeling and it seemed ominous. My friend swears that the orb was communicating with us.

I have seen glimpses of this same vision two other times, but was unable to track it those times. This was not a balloon; it was not a helicopter nor a plane. 

I'm curious as to whether or not this type of observation has ever been reported by others.
