{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-07-01 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546842","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"20290","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2778,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/842/mufon-5546842.json","updb_database_id":5546842}
30 yards across. twenty ft high. metallic, big square blue,red,yellow lights moving around the exterrior of the craft with total silence

I begin my story with who i share this bizzar incident with.My lovely mother and my 2 great brothers Dennis and Allen, Traveling south bound on canton center road.
 While driving home I noticed several cars parked along the side of the road. What caught my attention was a black man with an afro stairing up into the sky. I immediatley looked up and noticed a strange object. As we were driving tourds this slow craft moving from east to west, where we were no further then a mile away and being a quarter mile high, I told everyone to look up. As im explaining what im looking at, Allen goes from sarcasm to shock. Dennis instantly starts to stutter and my mom replies (omg).
 After driving a mile up, we approach our street and turn right into the sub. At this time the craft is right in front of us moving in the same direction. As our street curves to the left, the craft continous straight over what was then, miles of corn fields. As we pull into our driveway, the craft being 3/4 mile out, we noticed that the entire ufo had turned into a shade of orange.
 scared out of our minds, we quickly close the garage door,went inside and closed the blinds. My mom picked up the phone to call our dad at work. Imposible to get a hold of our father being that he worked on the assembly line at GM, we got a hold of our aunt. My mother told her we're coming over and will explain everything when we get there. 
 After being at the house for twenty min, we started our drive. Along the way the ufo was never insite. 15 min away in westland where our aunt lives we pull into the apartments and park. After getting out of the vehical, my mother and Allen reach the door first. As Dennis and I are dragging our feet along, I kid you not. the most incredible thing happens.
 As we were looking back in the direction we came from. We saw a white ball of light about a 1/4 size of the moon shooting straight up into the sky. I know to this time 2009 that there is nothing on earth that can leave our atmosphere and vanish in a second like this object had done.
