{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-06-19 11:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467842","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92800","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2747,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/842/mufon-5467842.json","updb_database_id":5467842}
{rjl} blimp like object observed in sky above tree line from vehicle

at 11:15am on 6/19/2018 while traveling north on Stracks church rd. in Warren county Mo. My Bussiness partner (driver) and I (passenger) were heading to our shop, when I caught a quick glimpse of a rather large blimp like object, over the tree line to the west-northwest at an estimated distance of about 1.5 miles. I asked aloud if he had seen it, his response was no. upon creating the next hill we slowed to get a better look, again a brief glimpse before near by tree line obstructed view. My Bussiness partner agreed he saw the object as well. we both agreed it appeared to be in the area of the baseball fields to our northwest. Upon agreement to give chase toward ball fields, as our elevation would allow, we maintained brief visuals of the object. It appeared as a dull metalic color,with a rather reflective area in the center to the rear, our estimation of size was very large approx 400-600 ft long and 75-100 tall with a tapering aft. As we pursued we noticed the object had put significant distance between us in a matter of mins. He and I also noticed it now appears more north than west so we assumed it traveled north in that time. when we reached the ball fields our view was now unobstructed. we located the object which was now due west and a considerable distance from us. My Bussiness partner was able to zoom In maximum with his phones camera and get 1 photo just prior to the object pitching to about 40 degrees and disappearing behind the tree line a few hundred yards in out in front of us. The object was never more than slightly above the tree line on the horizon of our view so I have to assume it was less that 500 ft off the ground. also the profile never changed dispute the noticeable changes in direction of travel. at the time of the photo the sky's we're clear and the object was at what we believe to be max visability at the time. the distance it was covering was remarkable. it disappeared from veiw and never returned. the entire event lasted 4-5 mins.
