{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-17 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514842","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43345","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2494,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/842/mufon-5514842.json","updb_database_id":5514842}
(GS) Thunderstorms I noticed a stationary light in he sky that looked like a star

I was on the way home from the store and about to turn onto my street. There where thunderstorms in the area and the sky was completely covered by clouds. I noticed one place in the sky where lightening seemed to be more active so I slowed down to watch.(I love to watch thunderstorms) As I was watching the light show I noticed what looked like a star. I was rather intrigued so I stopped the car to safely get a better look. It looked just like a star, Completely stationary white light with a little flicker to it. I pulled out my phone and tried to get video but it was to dark and the camera isn1t the best. I watched it for a minute or so then decided to go home and try to get a better look from there, I went inside and said to my wife "I saw a light in the sky that doesnt look like a plane. I think it might be a UFO" she said looked at me and said in a calm voice "Interesting." and returned to browsing the net on her computer. So alone I go to the back yard and the light is still there. I was excited and called my mom to share with her what I was seeing. At this point approximately two or three minutes have passed. The light was still there and the overly active patch of clouds had drifted more south east.The light was white and looked like just like a star to me. It was completely stationary. From my perspective it did not appear to be going up or down and it did not appear to be getting closer to me or moving further away from me. I do not know what I saw but I do not believe it was conventional aircraft. When it disappeared it looked like it was covered up by moving clouds. It did not just disappear it slowly got dimmer and brighter for about a minute and then was covered up by clouds. The entire sighting from seeing it in the car to seeing it in my backyard was about twenty minutes.
