{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-23 15:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497842","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61457","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6938,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/842/mufon-5497842.json","updb_database_id":5497842}
{rjl} the entire event took place while I was photographing an eclipse

I was photographing an eclipse on the 23rd of October in the city of Renton in the state of Washington.
During this time period my main focus was on the eclipse and trying to photograph the sun and the moon without any light pollution. Also the cloud cover was very heavy making it difficult to see the sun and shortening the time period I would have to get a good photograph to a few minutes at best. This is why most of the UFOs in the photographs(and whatever one calls a beam of light in the sky) I did not notice during the event itself.
That being said while I was in this process I did notice a few odd things that were noticeable enough for me to look, with scrutiny, at my pictures for any oddities.
Before I continue I want it to be understood and clear that the majority of what I am reporting I did not see or notice until after the event occurred and I was in the process of reviewing my photographs.
Now, as I said it was on 10/23/14 during the eclipse seen in Washington.
The first picture I took was at 3:42 PM and the last picture was taken at 4:08 PM(this is to give you an understanding of the time period in which the event took place, for I do not remember the exact time of starting or stopping to watch the eclipse).
I was on the deck of my apartment facing to the West. The Renton Municipal Airport is less then a mile in the same direction. This is why I also have many pictures of planes and helicopters(as well as birds) during the eclipse. I begin taking pictures of the area in which I believed the sun was hidden, due to heavy rain clouds. At this time I did see lights of different colors flashing in the clouds. 2 were flashing red and 2 were flashing green. All four were in different masses of clouds and were flashing almost as if they were bouncing off one another. I do not know how long this lasted because, though it caught my attention, I assumed they were passenger jets. I figured they were using their lights because it was already a bit dark and would get darker from the eclipse.
I had taken a few sequences of pictures and was trying to get the focus right so that I could catch the circle of the sun and the black of the moon. The next thing I witnessed was while I was looking through my camera. I could see the sky around my camera with my peripheral vision.
I was in the middle of playing with the zoom and focus when I saw a flash, both through the camera and my peripheral vision. It was similar to the way lightning looks, but pinkish. At a few random moments while looking through my camera I would see something off in the distance fly by that was moving much faster then the planes, helicopters, and birds. Again at the time they happened they were enough to get me wondering but not substantial enough for me to stop and focus on whatever they were. Something else that happened, seemingly at random, through out the entire eclipse was the light of the sun looked as if it was pulsating. Another thing I will mention that occurred during the entire event(and I am purely mentioning this for posterity) is that my ears were ringing in a very high pitched tone. In terms of how I felt during the event, apart from a minor headache, I felt as if I were watching a symphony. Apart from what I have already mentioned, I do not believe I need to go into any further detail about the event at this time. I have nearly 200 photographs and many of them contain something that I do not understand. The majority of the pictures are part of sequences of pictures each with a time stamp, allowing one to see the time these things are visible. To be frank I do not know how to proceed because I believe whom ever is to view these pictures also needs to view the pictures that do not have anything unusual in them(At least not that I have seen). I hope MUFON can figure out what these images are off because in one set you can clearly see a plane on one side and on the other some oval like object fly diagonal, then stop, go strait down, then due a 180, then a figure 8, then fly out of view. All while the plane has only moved a few feet. Then in another sequence there is a beam of light shining through the sky that looks like something only God does in old paintings. Another picture shows a metallic object(that is reflecting the sun on one side and casting a shadow on the other) that has a quarter of itself cut away by some black thing in the sky. As if it came out of a black hole. I also have a sequence with lights doing exactly the same this as I saw all over the sky. I am sending my original photos to MUFON. I would like to send them all but I fear if I do the first picture the initial investigator looks at wont have anything(because there are some with just the sky)and they will not be given the proper examination and get dismissed. Also you must zoom in on the pictures I send to see what I am referring to. PLEASE! PLEASE! PLEASE! PLEASE! look at each one and look at each one closely and if you want the rest(because most have something in them), in the chronological order just let me know. I will gladly send them. I can only send a very small amount of what I have, so please take that into consideration. Also please let me know if you find out something.
thank you.
[Name removed/cms/rjl]
