{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-09-17 20:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465768","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94984","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2935,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/768/mufon-5465768.json","updb_database_id":5465768}
{rjl} Observed white star-like object that vanished with no sound. NOT a star, planet or plane.

My daughter and I saw what we believe was a genuine UFO tonight.

I was helping her do a school assignment of mapping the night time sky. We went out just after sunset, at around 8:30 PM EDT, with a perfectly cloudless sky (except for some low haze close on the horizon) and a full view of the southern and western sky.

We quickly spotted Venus low in the southwestern sky, then Jupiter to the west of Venus, then Saturn and Mars, with the half-full Moon just above and to the left of Saturn. I showed her the arm of the Big Dipper, and how you could follow the "arc" of the arm to Arcturus, one of the brightest non-planetary stars in the sky.

But there was an additional bright star in the sky, easily as bright as Jupiter and brighter than Arcturus, below the Big Dipper in what would normally be a section of sky which shouldn't have had any bright objects in it. I knew it wasn't any of the visible planets, and it wasn't a plane or helicopter (no flashing lights, and it was completely stationary). We looked at it a while, and I then turned to my iPhone to find a sky chart for tonight's sky. We both looked up and noticed several commercial jets flying east to west overhead, with clearly visible flashing lights.

But less than five minutes later, when I looked back to make sure of exactly where this mystery object was, it had vanished. I knew where it was, as it sat a good hand-and-a-half above the horizon, in the west-northwest sky, and with Arcturus and Jupiter had formed an almost perfect isosceles triangle, with its longest side at the bottom, parallel to the horizon.

That bright object had just disappeared. It could not have transited the sky to anywhere, it certainly could not have set in less than half an hour, and it clearly wasn't any normal terrestrial object. We studied the sky in that area for some time, and could clearly see other very dim stars in that region, so it could not have been hidden by clouds (the rest of the sky was brightly illuminated by stars and planets).

Funny thing: when we had seen one of the jets going overhead earlier, my daughter looked away, then looked back and said, "Not a UFO. They only go out when you look away."

I guess this one was trying to prove her right.
