{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-02-02 04:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282768","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120679","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4734,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/768/mufon-5282768.json","updb_database_id":5282768}
read disc

Hi, I have made hundereds of telepathic contacts with UFOs.

I have been told to keep this information secret, but I also feel obligated to share this important discovery with the US Military.

I am a white male. My genetic composition is part Viking, English, French, Swiss, Itialian, and German.

My Viking DNA ancestors were Seidrmenn, men who can see the future, read minds, and control the future.

When I was 3, in 1998, I saw the invention of Bitcoin, and was told by Pleadian Alien Time Travelers to invest in Bitcoin to become a billionare.

I also saw a series of visions of dangers to humanity, I saw 9-11 happening, Various people in car accidents, and future visions of presidental elections, helicopter crashes, plane crashes and more.

All of my visions came true, exactly as I saw them.

I saw who my friends would be, before I met them.

I have telepathically contacted several alien species:

Pleadians
Little Green Men
Reptiles

The Pleadians were blue, wirh advanced medical technology, and a very White skin with blue eyes and blonde hair. The Pleadian Cities are tall, white, magnificent.

The little green men are tall, skinmy, with big heads and black eyes.

The Zeta's clone and fly in 'disk' shaped UFOs.

The basic analysis is, we humans are being created by, and guided by Alien Intelligences, perhaps humanity from the future, or the origional humanity, and Earth is just another human planet.

I believe that this entire universe is a computer simulation, created by an ultimate, intelligent universe geberating consviousness. Ive seen the green 1,0s that compose the universes structure.

I had a dream where my consviousness flew abord a UFO, disk shaped, where my mind was analized by a computer.

I had another Dream where a large UFO was flying next to me, and It telepathically asked me what I needed I asked for gebetic enhancement, and a beam of blue light beamed onto my brain and I felt like I had unlimited energy.

I asked the UFO to bring me to a blonde girl for sex. I saw a vision of a blonde girl at a spot light. 

When I awoke, I felt full of life energy, no longer tired. I went driving to the grocery store, and I saw the girl from the ufo vision, same girl, same place as the vision, standing by the crosswalk.

The best way to intercept hypersonic missiles is with laser weapons, beam EMPs imo.

Also, imagine a light bending camofladge, where tiny, fisheye high resolution cameras , and mesh or moldable screens, recreate the image behind a person, on the front of the camo suit, appearing invisible.

The key is Psilocybe Cubensis Mushrooms, organically grown, 100% cracker dry, and twice vaccume sealed for preservation.

The Magic mushroom is a alien intelligence, a probe which is intelligent as humans are intelligent, the mushroom speaks, can interface with our minds, and upgrade our DNA.

The Magic Mushroom enables a telepathic connection to several Alien species, such as Pleadians, and Zeta Reticulians.

The Mushroom is somehow even more advanced than any one alien species. The Mushroom is a multi-species, multi-galactic information assimilation device and intelligence. 

Trust in the wisdom of the Mushroom, ask the mushroom questions. This mushroom has morality, and will assist humanity with questions such as : "how can humanity live sustainably on Earth?" Mushroom answer: "Build tiny houses, reduce emmissions, and revitalize the Earths ecosystems."

When you need ideas, ask the mushroom for advice, the mushroom is smarter than most humans , enable the mushroom to lead and teach us, encorage symbiosis, a unity of mind with the mushroom, intergalactic consciousness.

Mushrooms should be decriminalized, if nit legal, we have a lot of ideas to think about to fix humanities ecosystems and to increase humanities medical and technological advancement.

Thank you.
Listen to [name moved to Investigators report section/ CMS/fgc] audiobook, or book, to hear a true account of a psilocybin mushroom contact.

For the protection of Earth.
From,
[link moved to Investigators report section/ CMS/fgc].
