{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499768","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59364","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3568,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/768/mufon-5499768.json","updb_database_id":5499768}
{jd} Saw a starlike UFO then saw two airplanes follow, one turned around completely after object disappeared

So, I'm not new to MUFON.com at all, and I actually had made a report a couple years ago that affected me enough to want to tell someone and make it official.

The other day, I was out smoking a cigarette on my porch, and had a clear view of the night sky. I noticed what appeared to be a star that was moving in the sky. It moved at a pretty quick pace, equivalent to most airplanes or slightly faster. It was a solid bright light that was not blinking at all like a plane would be.

I questioned to myself, "Is that a UFO or what?", and as I said that to myself, I saw a shooting star right where i was focusing on. Of course, shooting stars are not something that is unexplainable, but the fact one occurred right near the starlike object as I was asking that question to myself seems like more than a coincidence to me, especially since I don't quite believe in them. 

Anyway, back to the starlike object. It kept moving in a North Eastern manner, and I watched it for a good 20 seconds or so before I noticed two air planes with red and white blinking lights moving much faster than most commercial flights do approach from near the tail end of this starlike object. They were not very close, as the starlike object kept flying in the direction it was before it just "faded out" and basically "disappeared".

I watched the two planes, which by the way were flying parallel to each other, and noticed that one of the planes did a full U-Turn in the air and started heading back the direction it came from, and the other plane cut off to the "right" and flew that direction. I am really confused as I have never seen any airplanes do any turns in the sky over Pennsylvania, especially paired with another aircraft that appeared to be the same type. 

These planes were flying quite fast, and the reason I know is because shortly after this UFO disappeared, I saw a third plane that really appeared to be a commercial flight that had different blinking lights and flew much slower than the other two planes, acting as a benchmark for normal plane speeds in my mind at the time.

I have not really stopped searching for UFO related sightings since my last report on MUFON years ago, but this particular event really has sparked my interest in the existence of extra terrestrials even more as of the past couple weeks and I am really hoping we finally get to declassify all the documents and knowledge we really know about the subject as a whole.

My honest intuition feels like those planes were trying to chase down a UFO because they flew pretty much right in the air space and direction it was headed... and have any of you ever seen a plane do a complete U-Turn and fly back the exact way it came, while another air plane flys off to the right? And add in the shooting star........you decide.

Thank you for reading.
1 Step Closer.
