{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-10-31 19:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464768","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96054","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3090,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/768/mufon-5464768.json","updb_database_id":5464768}
{tjd} Appeared triangular due to extremely bright, pulsing lights - two red to red-orange top horizontally and one blue down below at a middle point

It was night time around 7:25 pm PT on 10-31-18. My dining room window blinds were open and I was preparing my evening meal in my kitchen adjacent to my dining room space. I can see directly out the window from the kitchen. Something moving in the night sky caught my attention. I looked up and saw 2 very bright red to red-orange lights and a bright blue light moving about in the sky which I estimate to be 1-2 miles north to northwest of my apartment, which would be over the ocean. The placement of the lights made the object appear triangular, with the two red to red-orange lights horizontally across and the one blue light vertically down between the top lights. I automatically knew that it was not a helicopter or airplane because of it's movements. As I write this, the word hummingbird comes to mind. It hovered, swayed, danced, and dipped from my right to left, would suddenly drop and go straight back up again. I believed it turned on it's side in the dark because I saw the triangular light configuration change to seeing only one red light and the blue light a couple of times, and it just as quickly straightened itself back. The lights were not tiny or pinpoint. They were big, round and extremely bright and seemed to pulsate. I cannot imagine anyone missing this if they were looking in the sky in the direction I was gazing.

I opened my front door and stood on the outside entrance to watch this more closely. I also wondered at this time if the object might have been a drone. As I stood there for a moment, the object simply stopped in the sky and did not move. For heaven's sake, I waved at it, and felt so very curious and elated to be watching this. It stopped for a moment again in the sky, and then continued to move from my left to right, then up and down.

I suddenly noticed what I thought was a bright star high up above the object because it was white and the light was much smaller. It just seemed to appear. I watched it at the same time I was watching the object, and the white light moved to my left and disappeared. A second later, the object suddenly disappeared also. I went back inside and saw the the time on the was about 7:30 pm. Unless this was someone's aerial toy or a drone, I would have to say it was a UFO. Especially, in the vicinity over the ocean. It was all very curious and exciting.
