{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-10-06 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284768","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118646","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3745,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/768/mufon-5284768.json","updb_database_id":5284768}
hovered in small circles staying in synch with one and other, then traveled to the moon

It was sometime in October 2005. I had an argument with my wife, girlfriend at the time, and went to my cousins house to vent a bit. He needed to be in OklahomaCity the next morning so I decided to go with him. We got in his truck and took a drive. We ended up in the Seminole area and parked on a dirt road to talk for a while. I was getting some advice when he stared past me and said 'What the hell is that?' And got out of the truck. I got out also and looked up at 2 identical triangle shaped objects hovering in small tight circles. One looked smaller but I think it was further away and higher. They swayed in perfect synch so I though it may be 1 object with blue lights and each end but I could see stars between them so I knew they were separated. We looked at each other and smiled. He said what do you see? I said there's 2 things floating. What do you see? He said I wanted to make sure you saw them 2. He asked if I saw the fairies? I said 'what? He pointed up and left in the sky and I saw what resembled an angel. It was pink and orange but not solid. It sort of looked like a nebula. It didn't move at all but shimmered. I was more interested in the other objects. I pulled out a cigarette lighter and sparked it like a signal at the objects. They moved a lot closer for a moment and then drew back to the original position. The blue light flickered in lines like electricity but I'm sure it wasn't. The we wave and hollered hello etc... trying to interact. Neither of us were afraid. We were awestruck and felt happy that they let us see them. The next thing I know the sky was starting to brighten with dawn. The objects still hovered but had lit up all in white. Fog was on the ground. It didn't move in, it just was. My cousin looked nervously behind him and I asked what was wrong. He said 'I just thought about the movie Signs and wanted to make sure nothing was behind me. I got a little nervous at that point also and turned back toward the objects. The were starting to rise slowly at first but then sped up and turned toward the moon and moved more quickly. As they shrank in the distance they began to look like large stars or planets. The smaller one went behind the larger and they blended into the moon as they passed in front of it. Later that morning I looked at the moonand swore I saw something skimming the edge as if in orbit but I couldn't be sure. I soon joined the Army as a Combat Medic for nearly 9 years and received a secret clearance but never got anything but laughs when. I brought up the incident. I them joined the Freemasons and was promoted to Master Mason in about 6 month. Then asked some of the brothersandthey also laughed at me. I had told my wife about it after it had happened she just smiled and said that's cool as if humoring me. I never talked about it again until now. I seen the Hangars documentaey on Netflix and found out about Mufon. I'm a truck driver now but haven't had any other experiences
