{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-09-11 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473768","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86611","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2729,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/768/mufon-5473768.json","updb_database_id":5473768}
Blinking lights with 2 beings appearing

I was with my boyfriend sitting at the end of a dead end street with a small forested area around us. The sky was clear and we live in Toronto so it's not unusual to have objects flying in the sky (ie. airplanes, helicopters, drones..) He noticed the lights in the sky first. These lights were flashing, moving sporadically (hovering, moving up and down, right and left) and changing colours (they would be flashing red, blue and white light, then change to one solid white, and then back to the three coloured lights again). It appeared that it was either just inside or just outside our atmosphere (But I'm unsure excatly). We watched the lights for approximately an hour and a half trying to figure out what it was. We realized he had the Sky view app and we could use this to see if it was a satellite. It appeared to be a green orb moving on the screen. It was to the left of the "Crab" constellation. I'm unsure which direction we were facing. We tried clicking the green orb (you can do that with stars and satellites to get info) but it wouldn't work. We spent approximately 10 minutes attempting to click on the orb. I was sitting in the passenger seat and that's when I heard twigs snapping just inside the forest to my right. I looked over and just inside I could see 2 blue eyes (they looked like oval shaped lights) about 6-7ft tall. I began to panic and asked my boyfriend if he saw it. And then I looked at him frantically, and looked back and screamed "DO YOU SEE THAT!?!" as I pointed at it. That's when I saw the outline of the right side of it's face like the moon just giving a light outline. That was enough. That was terrifying. So we drove away quickly and we ended up parking beside a fence about 5 - 10 minutes later. We were only there for a couple moments when I looked beside me and slowing phasing into view was this grey black eyed thing. We drove again. We drove around until the sun came up. I didn't want to stop. It was honestly one of the scariest things I've ever experienced. I just don't know how else to explain it. We spent hours trying to give explainations.
