{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-30 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490768","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68808","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2921,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/768/mufon-5490768.json","updb_database_id":5490768}
{jpg} Thought I was seeing a nearby planet, I was wrong!

Last night (July 30th, 2015) my five year old wanted to go night swimming around 11:10PM. After being outside for about a half hour, stargazing while my daughter swam, I saw a bright (and I mean bright) orange, pulsing light North-East of our home. I looked around at the other stars again and realized that this thing is not like the others. I thought maybe it was a nearby planet that came into view, tonight (July 31st, 2015) being a blue moon and all. I kept a close eye on it, the entire event lasted about 15 minutes. I noticed a plane in the sky flying over us, headed in the opposite direction of where this bright orange unidentified object was hovering. The plane looked as normal, red and blue flashing lights on the bottom with sound traveling just a few seconds behind it. I didn't hear anything from the UFO. I told my daughter to look, she saw it too. Her first words were, "mommy, that's not a plane, what is it?" and of course I told her I thought it might be a planet because I didn't want to jump to conclusions. I lost sight momentarily when I looked at my daughter in the pool. When I looked back up it was no longer there. I asked her if she saw it move and she said she didn't. I continued to frantically try to find this object in the sky and I spotted it again about a minute later, slowly hovering toward the NW. There were NO clouds last night that would have given this object any cover, the stars were bright, the sky was clear, and like I said, we'd been preparing for the blue moon that will occur tonight. I couldn't tell you exactly how far it went before disappearing as I was about a mile away (I assume) but after slowly heading NW, it picked up great speed very quickly and then vanished. I took my daughter into the house as soon as it disappeared and as we were walking through the backyard (which is fairly large, we live in a rural area) we heard what must have been every dog in the area barking. That's what really set it in stone for me that this HAD to have been an alien UFO encounter! My daughter felt scared at first but when she realized how excited I was about this possible encounter, she also became excited. I didn't notice anything after this, the time when we entered the house had to have been around 12 midnight.
