{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-07 14:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497768","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61569","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2724,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/768/mufon-5497768.json","updb_database_id":5497768}
{rjl} 2 daytime objects hovering, changing direction before disappearing behind cloud

I was just getting out of the pool on a sunny afternoon; as I was watching some storm clouds forming in the eastern sky, I saw a white, star-like object come out of the east (above the clouds). It was circular or orb-like and it was not glowing or glinting in the sun. As I watched, the object abruptly stopped in the air and hovered for a few moments. It then took a sharp, 90 degree turn towards my right (south) before it stopped again. It then took another sharp turn and headed back towards the east (stopped again). Once more, it turned sharply and drifted to the north (my left). This time it held this position for several minutes. The clouds were drifting towards the south, south west, but the object was not apparently impacted by the force of the winds (ground level winds 6mph). After a few more minutes time, a second similar-looking object came out of the west and headed east (flew directly over me). This one seemed smaller and possibly had a cyan-colored light on it (it was difficult to discern...it seemed blurred/fuzzy for some reason). This object must have been travelling diagonally upwards because it started below the cloud level and gradually disappeared into the cloud. After the second object disappeared, the first object moved remarkably rapidly (diagonally downward, about a 50 degree angle) towards the second object. They (presumably) met together in the cloud. I did not see the objects depart nor have I seen them since.
Had the objects been on the ground, I estimate they would have been rather large, possibly the size of a mid-size plane considering how well I could see them from the ground. The first object was only moving in a certain quadrant of the sky and I'm not sure if I can accurately gauge the speed at which it was travelling between stops. From the ground, it appeared to move at a similar rate of speed an airplane does. If it helps to determine the height of the storm cloud (which the object hovered over), the temperature was 101 degrees F, dew point 59 degrees F, cumulus with an anvil top.
