{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-24 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505768","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53073","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3004,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/768/mufon-5505768.json","updb_database_id":5505768}
{rjl} 3 large orange lights traveling same speed/height

My son and I were upstairs watching videos xmas eve about 9pm. I was seated in front of the window. When my son turned to talk to me he exclaimed Look out the window mom. What is that? I turned at the urgency of the excitement in his voice. I had view to the south/southeast neighborhood across the street and observed 2 large orange lights moving over the 2 story homes heading what appeared to me southeastern direction. Movement was very synchronized between the 2 lights, traveling same height and speed. I could not tell how far or what height but noticed how large the lights were and how Ive never seen any aircraft that looked similar. I spun around to run downstairs to get a better look as the lights would be out of view from the window frame and I had to see this the best viewing possible. As I ran downstairs my son called out behind me "there are 3 lights now." I reached the front door and stepped out on my front porch and saw 3 lights now. The first 2 lights were closer together from each other then a greater distance between them and the 3rd light. All traveled same height and speed. As I stood watching the first lights seem to change course and took a more southern direction, the 3rd light followed suit. It seemed to me all 3 lights were connected to a larger mass even though it was dark. It moved very stealth like and completely silent. As I watched I tried to absorb as many details as possible. I even had a list of questions for myself such as "Could I be watching flares? how about a jet, balloon, helicopter etc. All my answers were "no." Even the color was quite unlike anything Ive seen. I stared at the 3 orange round lights that seemed to flicker like fire inside a huge glass marble and very orange. Not a solid orange light. It had some kind of life or energy inside the light. I yelled to my son to get my camera so I did get 43 seconds of video but at a distance regretfully. As it started to disappear behind the neighborhood horizon I had the thought to jump in my car and chase for better footage. But I then felt I had no need to which I find strange now. Almost like it wasnt that big a deal. Im kicking myself now. In closing, I would say my experience description matches those exactly of the "Phoenix Lights" observation of 1997.   Sorry, I do not know how to attach video. I am not very computer savvy.
