{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-20 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482768","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77185","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2819,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/768/mufon-5482768.json","updb_database_id":5482768}
{rjl} Fireballs in pairs in sky.

While picking up the back patio as we could tell a storm was approaching we notice two fireballs in the sky that seemed to appear from no where. The sky was quite clear but dark. They seemed to change speeds and directions and stop a few times. We watched in amazement as those two disappeared... moments later 1 or 2 more came from the same direction and the flew the same pattern as if the were following behind the first two. They disappeared at the same location and then 2 more came from the same spot as if the were spit out of that spot in the sky. They flew and behaved the same way as the ones before. We were in shock and crazed by what we just witnessed and stood staring to see if more would come and attempted to see where they went and how. The storm started as we were watching. Lightning and rain but no thunder. The lightning was furious and lasted a long time. After the storm passed there was more lightning in the same area we seen the flying objects appear from for quite some time. We were still in awe of what we witnessed but could not explain as it was unexplainable. We live by an airport and see planes all the time... this was not anything we have ever seen before. I asked on Facebook if anyone else seen any weird flying objects in the area as the storm was approaching or during it... a friend of a friend seems to have similar pictures but just like my videos the quality is minimal and literally does no justice to what we actually witnessed. We were shook up and we are still a bit. I'd like to know what we seen and if anyone else did too. Another odd thing that occurred was our cell phone batteries were both drained to near dead which never happened from taking videos for such a limited amount of time. This all occurred last night and I'm still shook up by the event. I was encouraged to contact this site and I'm hoping to get some sort of answer although I know what we seen and the video's just aren't as clear as what we visually witnessed.
