{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-04-01 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471768","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88690","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2845,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/768/mufon-5471768.json","updb_database_id":5471768}
did not see

I was first of April 2016, I remember the date because at first I thought it was an April fool's. I was on the second floor of my house and was getting ready to go to bed. 
I had just moved towards my curtains which had been open until this point. When I saw an odd light outside, I originally thought it had been because I had my bedroom light on, but I turned the light off and it was still there. My room looked out onto a building site of a nursing home. The light was slightly covered by the corner of the building site which is when the light came round the corner. 
At first I thought it was a pixie or mythical character because I didnt recognise it. It looked rather small from the tall window i was looking through.
The thing was looking around as if it had lost something, and I thought I was dreaming so I knocked on the window, ever so quietly, yet it looked up at me. We stood looking at each other for many moments, with these huge eyes.
I then stepped back from the window, to see if I walked back if it was still there.

I must have stepped back from the window for about a minute, to refresh my mind set when i looked back outside, it wasn't there anymore. So relieved I shut my curtains and turned back to my room and it was on my bed.

My bed was positioned in the middle of the room and my door was shut. I didn't see how it had got into my room but it was standing on my bed. It didn't meet my hips in height but had a very large head and skinny body. 

It was whilst i was starring at it, that it pointed at me and then back to himself/herself. That was when it came over to me but it was walking weirdly as if it had injured itself. 

I was sitting down at this point as i was feeling faint, I dont whether it was the alien's doing or the fact i was seeing something that shouldnt have been real. 

It touched my over my heart, it was so cold i couldnt physically feel the being but I coudl feel the energy, the coldness and then it walked up the wall and through the open window, which had been closed before.
I ran to the window to see two beings walking in the opposite direction than i saw it before, walk through the short hedge and disappear just before crossing the road. Completely disappear into thin area.
