{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-25 02:47:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504768","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54116","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3048,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/768/mufon-5504768.json","updb_database_id":5504768}
{rjl} Large horseshoe crab shape, dull grey with lights and orange fire tail (fuel?) No sound. Stunning 25 seconds 2 observers

I and co-worker/friend, were working late outside on a time sensitive project to meet a deadline. At 2:47 am we decided to stop working and my friend was getting ready to leave. There were no clouds and no breeze at this time. From the south we saw what appeared to be fire in the sky approaching us. We ran 20-30 feet towards the east to see it better as a tree was in the way. Then I saw it was approaching us and felt we were looking at the bottom. It's shape was a horseshoe crab but with the top end shorter than the bottom. White fire was coming out the back with a very long orange fire trail and many streaks of orange objects flying from the fire trail. The trail was 3 to 4 times longer than the object. The object was as big as our hand and approximately 1-3 miles away. We saw the object for 25 seconds clearly and I tried to count the number of lights or illumination of light on the front end which was 80-100. As I then noticed a grid pattern rectangular shape in the center of the object I hollered to "how big is the grid? and how many lights do you see? Is it 200 or more?" My friend was focused on the fire trail and hollered 3 times "It is crashing!" No I hollered "No it is not crashing it is now leaving" and headed east until it disappeared from view in 30 seconds. The altitude never changed. It moved 5 times or more faster than any aircraft known to me and was so much larger. There was no sound emitted but we hollered in our excitement. We were were acting unusually excited for a good hour. Running, looking for more, talking what was that? I could not sleep for a week and was worried for my health and could not focus on my work. My friend felt this changed his whole outlook on mankind and who we are. This was one of the greatest experiences of my life comparing it to my children being born. I can not get this experience out of my mind. The next morning my friend came back to my home and we discussed what we experienced again. My friend originally didn't want to tell anyone until a neighbor stopped by and we shared our experience. She being an artist had me draw a picture of what I saw. Then asked my friend to also draw what he saw-separately. The pictures were the same.
