{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-02-27 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477736","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82413","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2755,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/736/mufon-5477736.json","updb_database_id":5477736}
First hovered over school approx 1000 ft away then very slowly moved west-disappeared behind Mt Tom

I was finished in my home office for the day and began shutting down for the evening. To do this, I always close the room window during which I have to lift the window blinds to lock the window. While the blind was up, I noticed an elliptical, very bright white light through some tree branches in my front yard. I went outside the front door for a better look and to try to determine the location of the light and to listen for any noise that it may have (there was no discernible sound). During this whole period from initial sighting, the light was stationary so I went back inside to get my binoculars for a better look. I could tell that the light was actually some distance away. As near as I could tell it seemed to be hovering over one of the two schools just down the road from our house (about 1000 ft). I braced my arm on one of our cars to steady the image in the binoculars and when I did this I could tell that on the left side of the very bright white light there was a small red light on also continuously. After approximately 3 minutes, the light began VERY slowly moving West away from my location (this was almost imperceptible). I continued watching for at least another 10 minutes when it disappeared behind a mountain which is a little over a mile from my viewpoint. There were no perceptible course changes during this 10 minutes transit.

After considering this for some time, I thought this may be a drone that someone was practicing night flying with but then I think the lights have to be strobe lights and not on continuously! Plus it was fairly large to be a run of the mill hobby drone.

There were no aircraft flying in the vicinity during the time of this sighting but after about another 5 minutes, a small plane flew over with a course from North West to South and after another minute or so, a jet aircraft (type unknown) flew over with a course from South West to North East. No other air traffic before I went inside.
