{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-08-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488736","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70903","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5010,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/736/mufon-5488736.json","updb_database_id":5488736}
Ubelievable 1 hour midnight encounter with 3 eyewitness now ages 50 80 plus. under water surface,responded to our flashlight hovered above us huge craft with no noise,responded with it left light to our flashlight.

Approaching midnight latest August Sunday night at Gull Lake Ontario south of Minden in 1988. Witnessed by 3 very skeptical but shocked Adult witnesses.
Viewed at middle of Lake from private island owned by multimillionaire industrialist. Still owned to current date. As actual and true that this report is I am taking over 25 years to report this.Only talked among us three eyewitnesses over the years and family.

Reputable people. Full time paramedic, Former School English teacher and industrialist wife now over 80.
The three of us were playing a game of Hungarian Kanasta in diningroom of cottage middle of Lake on island.
Industrialist wife noticed 1st some strange flashing white lights 1 mile away at gull rock a landmark rock middle north end of lake occupied with seagulls 100s only. However just lost electrical power in whole area Minden , Lake and south at Moores Falls. We all moved to pantry off kitchen to continue observing lights maybe now minutes past midnight. Was this just a small plane in trouble by Gull Rock.No way.It was also raining mildly with periodic periods of intense flash lightning.Suddenly a brilliant orbe probe of steady circular white light like a mini moon shot up from left and right sides of strange flashing lights by gull rock. Both brilliant mini moons went up 300 feet and began crossing lake up and down sometimes above below or stopping on top of each other. Lasting 5 to ten minutes.Also at same time behind sparlings island was .4 mile long halo of weird white light at that time in swamp land diminished at top of halo but very bright behind island. Also this light halo huge was shifting back and forth slowly. Another one looked like a big shifting halo behind Moores Falls at Moores Lake.Yet no hydro on anywhere a massive outage.
Now I wish this could end here but it does NOT. The three of us two female adults and a male decide to leave pantry and go to end of northside island dock with a single beam flashlight.All huddled together under rain or tarp.
Suddenly our strange lights fantasy turns to frank reality when we saw an amazing undeniable incident occur. I started flashing the mini flashlight off and on at docks end.SUDDENLY without warning at incredible speed travelling one mile in a few seconds a huge dark grey half football shaped 
object raised above gull rock responded to our light and in 2 seconds or less was hovering only 100-200 feet tops in front of us at end of dock.Shocking,impossible but yes only 50 75 feet away.Encompassed majority of front of island a football field in length.No noise no hum nothing but huge. No windows no alien things nothing observed.However something responded to our flashlight and was observing us. What now appeared. Only at the bottom of this half football dark object clearly visible especially after a flash of intense lighting, was turned ON suddenly a series of white,green and red triangular 3 foot rotating sections of bright coloured light spinning slowly.Nothing at top.I continued turning flashlight off while 2 females looked in shock at craft.Then suddenly only left side of craft turned on its mini moon of light and started randomly signaling us for 1 minute.Wife of industrial yelled for me to shut dame flashlight off be we are scared.I shut off flashlight for good. Quickly after left mini moon light shut off the craft within 1 minute went back to gull rock in water within 1 second one mile. No noise , no hum nothing.This object 1n 1988 not from this world. After returning to gull rock right left lights of mini moons appeared went 300 ft up and keep crisscrossing lake for 10 minutes.Suddenly mini moons went back to craft at gull rock turned off.Something at a great speed like a flash went to right side of lake behind sparlings island by shallow swamp.Suddenly mini halo .4 of a mileof energy light diminishes until not visible. A rapid flash of light with a reddish trail shots straight up into atmoshere until no longer visible with naked eyes. Incredible rate of speed with no noise or sounds. Interestngly rain stops and flash lightning clears.Still no electricity on Lake or area.
Next day observation maybe 2-5 seagulls left on gull rock not usual hundreds.
