{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-06-21 01:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467736","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92913","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2764,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/736/mufon-5467736.json","updb_database_id":5467736}
{td] The object moved very fast, it was very bright and many bright light arranged in square shape

At the time I was in my bathroom doing girl thing. All the sudden I saw an object move very fast in just 3 seconds from Southwest heading Northwest. At it was reach to mid West, the object stopped and changed the direction faced to West instead of continue on Northwest and at that movement I saw the back of the object was a large square shape of bight lights. The object then stopped there and looked like it was waiting of looking for something. At that time, I heard the male's voice sound like the voice of the policemen from the police car and it was right in front of my house. The sound was repeated twice but I couldn't understand what was saying. I doubted that sound came from that object, it could be from the police car who was on the patrol that night. 

The brightened and the speed of the object has attracted my attention. I didn't have any special feeling when I first noted the object. I just wanted to watch to see if it would done anything that it should not done. I watched it for 3 minutes from my bathroom window and I didn't see it'd have done anything strange but stood still, so I head back to my bedroom and I lost the sight of it. 

There was something else happened the night before that. On the date of June20,1018, around 9:15pm, California time. Myself and one other person so a very strange star. It was very bright and very big, the size was much larger and brighter than the North star or Big Dipper. There was the strange reflect from that star, one line goes straight up and longer, one line goes straight down and shorter. The strange thing I wanted to mention was the position the star on June20th and the object I saw on June 21st was stop at the same spot.

I didn't capture the picture of the object on June21st but I did capture the picture of the star (?) on June20th. The reflection we saw on the star didn't show in the picture but you still can see the from the distance I took picture.
