{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1984-09-14 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549736","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"2044","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2619,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/736/mufon-5549736.json","updb_database_id":5549736}
six colored llights in a line, rise, hover and cha

As I left a relatives house, alone, at one thirty AM, I stoped at the top of hisdriveway, looking right, then left for traffic on a dark, country road. As Ilooked left, a row of bright, colored lights ascended above trees across theroad and about 150 yards distance. As I watched, the lights stopped just abovethe treetops. The lights flashed brightly, in two pairs of colors, moving leftto right as, red, green white, red, green, white. I rolled down the window ofthe car, but heard nothing, not even the typical night sounds, no crickets orother things. Thinking about what I had read to do if you spot a strange, UFOlike object, I stuck my arm out and held my left index finger against thehovering lights. They were as long as my finger at arms length, and just a tadthinner.For some reason which I still cannot understand, I decided to proceed to my lefton my usual route home, instead of running into the house to notify my relative. So I turned towards the lights, and as I did, they began to move south towardsme. As I drove and got opposite their position, I looked up through mywindshield, at which time I saw them pass right overhead, looking brighter andlarger. I did not look to my left to see where they had gone, and to this dayit is a disturbing thought. Why didn't I look My next recollection is drivingon that road to the next street,about another half mile, where I would make aright turn. I was only what seemed to be a few feet from the location where theoverflight had taken place, but all I could say to myself was, Whats theGoodyear blimp doing out here so late Could that have been the blimp Why did ithover In a few seconds, I was approaching the stop sign at my right turn. Isaw movement above and to my left, discovering the line of lights approachingfrom the left. As I stopped my car at the intersection, the lights stopped andhovered over the road ahead of me, about 100 yards distant. At this point, Ibecame extremely frightened, realising that a UFO was d
