{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-05 14:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290736","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112603","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4037,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/736/mufon-5290736.json","updb_database_id":5290736}
White tubular or cigar shaped craft. No apparent features aside from white color.

Two important facts, I am a commercially rated pilot with ~220 flight hours in small aircraft. I am professionally trained to identify and avoid other aircraft. I was in a commercial airline (A321) going from KCLT to KSEA as a passenger sitting on the right side of the aircraft. The flight was AA2274 https://flightaware.com/live/flight/AAL2274/history/20201205/1655Z/KCLT/KSEA. The approximate location of the UFO based on my pilotage triangulation, our altitude of 34,000ft, and the approximate distance based on my experience was 10NM, and it was at 30,000ft above Enaville, Idaho (I have attached the geographical location on a VFR aeronautical chart as well as pictures of what visual references were used to triangulated the craft. The craft appeared to have a small amount of relative motion from West to East, approximately on a heading on 110 based upon the reading of my magnetic compass. The craft appeared to be moving slowly, I’m not sure if it was moving or stationary. As it is impossible to attain a perfectly accurate distance it is possible that all the perceived motion was the result of a parallax effect causing the background to appear to move relative to the craft. It may have been moving opposite of us though.

It should be noted that there is a distinct possibility that this is another airliner. However, it did not display several of the features I frequently see on airliners. Despite being at a nearly 15 degree angle above it, I could not make out any sort of wing, this was in fact what first made me realize I may not be looking at a normal aircraft. There are no clearly defined airfoils such as the vertical stabilizer, which is normally the second most prominent feature, of the aircraft, and the most prominent if viewed from the side. There were no apparent decals of the aircraft, it may have simply been a mostly white painted airline, as that is the common base color for most commercial aircraft now a days. In fact, I’d say its most prominent feature was its total lack of easily identifying features.

I am not experienced in tracking down aircraft via internet sites, I do however know an easy way which you may be able to rule out an aircraft. All aircraft flying above FL180, aka 18,000ft are legally required to be on an Instrument Flight Rules flight plan and receive ATC clearance prior to ascending into the airspace, they also contain an ADS-B system which automatically reports the aircrafts location, heading, speed, tail #, ect. If you can find a filed flight plan or a Seattle Center radio clearance that can place an aircraft over Idaho at that time, near my flight, it would likely rule out the possibility of a UFO.

Media File 1 Shows the craft/object. The others are locations I used to approximate its location through triangulation. Please feel free to contact me with any additional questions.
