{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-08-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491736","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67821","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2728,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/736/mufon-5491736.json","updb_database_id":5491736}
Vehicle Surrounded by White Pulsating Light - Time Distortion - Object Removed From Ear

On August 29, 1997, I was driving with 2 friends from Kansas City to Chicago to visit a friend. We ate dinner a few miles south of Des Monies. I remember the sun was just about to set as we were walking to the car after dinner to get back on the highway. According to TimeandDate.com, the sunset that night was at 7:52PM. At about 10PM we were just a few miles outside Davenport, Iowa, when a bright pulsating light showed up from out of nowhere. The light was pure white and nearly blinding. The light surrounded the car and pulsated for a few seconds before it disappeared into nothing. We all talked about it for a few minutes and tried to figure out what it could have been, but we couldn't see any other lights for miles in any direction.

When we arrived at our destination, I remember noticing that it was about 3AM, which confused me because, based on when we left, we should have arrived around 1AM. The feeling at that moment was disorientation, and in 38 years, its the only time I have ever felt this way.

A few weeks later, I came down with a cold and went to the doctor. While checking my ears, the doctor noticed something. He took a device with a loop on it and tried to capture what he saw in order to pull it out. All I remember is an intense pain, like someone was trying to rip out my ear drum. Eventually, the pain subsided and the doctor showed me what he had pulled from inside. It was small, but wider than the entrance to my ear canal, and almost perfectly cylindrical, it was covered with blood and tissue, but underneath you could see hints of it being a dull grey metallic color. I have never seen anything like it since.

I have no idea whether any of these events amount to anything, or whether they are all completely isolated incidents that happened coincidently of each other. The only thing I really haven't been able to explain away is the disorientation I felt discovering it was 2 hours later than when we should have arrived. No matter how many times I think about it, I cannot figure out where the time went.
