Case Number: 1665 11092021

Date: September 6, 2021.

Approximate Time: 22:56 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Winter.

Witnesses: J. P. H. M., 33 years old.
Description: The informant reported having inadvertently photographed what he considered an aerial anomaly at 22:56 local time, on September 6, 2021, from the waterfront facing the Strait of Magellan.
city of Punta Arenas, in the Region of Magallanes and Chilean Antarctica.
According to the testimony received, the reported information would be an object “disk-shaped” of color “white yellow with gold or copper tones on the edges”. Its size would be “at a distance of 3 centimeters” and it would be at a distance of “4 kilometers”. (Figure 1)

            Figure 1. A yellow arrow indicates the reported phenomenon.

The witness concluded their report by stating (sic): “I was on the waterfront of the city of Punta Arenas taking photographs of the starry night sky, I took...”
A photograph and an object in the shape of a disk appears, positioned at approximately 250 meters, at the height of the structure of a ship that ran aground on the coastline, called Lord Lonsdale, with a white and yellow color, with dark edges on the left side and yellow-gold edges on the lower right side. It is noteworthy that at the moment of taking the photograph, there were no vehicles that could project a reflection towards the lens, he stated that when taking the photograph, I always kept my view.
"In the direction of the photography area, I did not see any similar flash,
the approximate times I can give clearly because the photo was taken with a
2-second shutter release, 10-second exposure, and a 5-second analysis
time."

The user's location was georeferenced at coordinates 53° 10’ 53’’ South Latitude
and 70° 55’ 25’’ West Longitude (Figure 2). As shown in Figure 3, there is a
clear view to the southeast from there.
Figure 2. Study Location. The white ceiling in the top left corner, near the road sign “9”, is the same as that appearing in Figure 3 near the mark “CA”.

Figure 3. Northwest view from Av. 21 de mayo, also known in Punta Arenas as “Costanera”.

In this figure, two coastal sectors marked as CA and CB are illuminated in the night-time photograph that gave rise to the case.

As backup for his report, the user provided the original photograph and a
edited archive of the same. The study focused on the first of these archives, which was perused through ELA (Error Level Analysis) and CMF (Copy and Motion Forgery) analysis, finding it had not been digitally altered.

An examination of its metadata revealed the photograph was taken at 22:56:53 on the reported date and was captured using a Sony CyberShot DSC-HX350 camera. This device features a Zeiss Vario-Sonnar T lens system capable of apertures from F2.8 (wide angle) to F6.3 and speeds up to
Adjustable shutter speeds from 30 to 1/4000 seconds. The manufacturer does not supply a shade.

As shown in Figure 4, to the right of the camera was a light source, which the photographer partially shaded with his hand as he did not have any protective shade on the lens. This exposed the lower third to this light pollution and made it susceptible to capturing parasitic light. This lighting was powerful enough to reflect off the sea surface.
next (LM). Additionally at the scene, a lit ship is seen in the Strait of Magellan (B) and lights from the coastal sectors CA and CB are shown in Figure 3.

Figure 4

Starting from the time of the photograph, the air traffic scene potentially visible to the southeast of Punta Arenas (red circle) was analyzed. As shown in Figure 5, none were detected.

Additionally, the astronomical (Figure 6) and associated aerospace traffic (Figure 7) scenarios were studied.
Figure 5. 22:57 (HL) on September 6, 2021.

Figure 6. Horizon at 01:56:53 (HL) on 06/09/2021

Upon analyzing aerospace traffic, the presence of an Iridium project satellite was confirmed, capable of reflecting sunlight in its structure and causing a flash. (Figure 7)

Figure 7. Iridium 57 satellite (blue square) in the sky of Figure 6.

This craft appeared on the horizon at 01:55:41 and stopped being illuminated at
At 01:59:01 local time. At the time of the photograph, from the study location, it was at an azimuth of 181.4° and an apparent altitude of 4.7°.

Images: The user provided for the study the file of his original photograph in the DSC1449.jpg archive and an additional image of an edit he made of the original shot.

The edited image arrived in the file IMG_20210821_153244.jpg.

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the testimony and the results of the geographical, forensic, photographic, astronomical, and traffic studies.
It was concluded in the aerospace field that there was a high probability that what was photographed was the overflight of satellite 57 of the Iridium constellation, code NORAD 25273.

Case classified as "Probably Explained."
