{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-10 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292219","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111105","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3327,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/219/mufon-5292219.json","updb_database_id":5292219}
Still there, more then one. The ships hover, but made contact with me, and we have pictures.

The first time Ie saw this I was just getting ready to to pay my handyman, when I had just opened my bedroom window, when a little voice my intuition. Said to look out window. As soon as I looked out I immediately saw this lit, red light move very fast over the tops of the trees on some hills behind my property. It then moved quickly up and then took off to the left, then back to the right. It had then turned lights on which was what looked like glass all around the middle portion. What was weird was that the lights inside were like dimmer then the outside lights, but I could see heads of what looked like aliens and white,or very light grey. I used my tablet to take pictures. I did not have any other cameras and so I watched this ship a long time just moving up, down and left and right. I think the first night I watched them for about 3hours. During this I noticed more of them that lined up in a row. During this time I saw white lights moving down the mountains. Now I was calling my sister back to see this. The pictures show that the lights were of people or aliens, meaning the lights were not from ships, but I was not sure if they were people or aliens. Then I was pretty tired and it ended. But the net evening I wanted to see if they would be still there or if they came back. I just had a feeling. Yes they were still there. And walking down the hill same lights, but I could tell what was walking were not human beings. As the night continued 
I saw when I focused on the ship that was south of the other two I saw Two aliens like float,blip,blip right into the ship. I got so excited and sadly did not get picture as I dropped the tablet. I know this sounds to fantastic, but these ships have not left, and I have pictures of the aliens, and they are in house and they have done not so nice things to me, which I also have pictures. I have so many and what I have shared thus far is only a very sniper of what is going on. There is just so much that I cannot write it all. These pictures not only show you what they look like and what they are doing to us, but and I have never seen anything like this but they evolve like a slide show with in a slide show. They have shown me about aliens in the underground, the people, and how they not only use things and objects to show me stuff, but how they shape shift. They use spirits to shape shift. I never delved into ufo,'s much and I never knew anything on the Reptilian. Another thing happened too among so many more yet to tell you, but I now have the ability to see spirits, them and the energy like in cocoon, before they transform. I could never do that before.
S
