{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-16 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480219","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79846","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2211,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/219/mufon-5480219.json","updb_database_id":5480219}
Bright, almost pure white orb smoothly and quietly traveled at what appeared to be a straight line and low altitude (5000ft maybe) overhead.

I was outside on my deck looking at the horizon when I noticed a very bright, pure white light in the West. It appeared like an orb, or spherical in shape and moved at what appeared to be a constant speed (somewhat similar to a commercial aircraft). At first I thought it was a plane as I have dozens passing over my house and nearby daily, but after a few seconds I realized the light was not flashing, did not have green or red lights and it was much bigger in size (the light) then i'd see on an approaching airplane. As it passed South of my house I noticed it was pretty low (judging from what I saw of other aircraft in the area on take-off and approach) and was maybe 5000ft or lower. It was hard to get a good view of the object as it was night time, but I noticed it made no noise as it passed (I can hear jets or smaller planes easily if they pass within a couple of km of here). I checked flight radar and saw no planes nearby and none heading in that direction. I then went back out with my camera to try and take a picture and it was gone.

The things that stood out to me were the colour (very bright, pure white, but not too strong as to hurt my eyes), the apparent 'smooth' flight path (it just seemed to glide by, for lack of of a better word), the size of the light (much larger then i'd see on a commercial airplane) and the lack of noise. I thought maybe it was a satellite, but i've seen many in the past and this was many magnitudes of size larger and brighter.
