{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479219","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80884","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7054,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/219/mufon-5479219.json","updb_database_id":5479219}
{nd} I photograph these objects almost everyday

I am presently living in Pocatello, Idaho.
I don't know for how long, I have been here since March 2012. I will get to the point, 
I am a UFO photographer, I have taken pictures of everything from Disc's to Triangles to ET.
I can prove all of it, I have been totally fascinated with the amount of activity in the skies here
in Pocatello, actually just about anywhere I go I can get pictures of what I call Micro Machines.
That's what I call them, the skies are infested with them, I have been photographing them pretty steady
for more than 5 years, I will leave a couple pictures in this letter for you. I have been doing my best to 
get the word out about these objects with not much luck, it would seem that most people are asleep
at the switch. During the day I get pictures of many different types of craft some small some bigger,
at night I get a totally different experience, I photograph and video these white light spheres that move
over town very slowly, some less than a thousand feet up, others way up about 10 and 12 miles some of them.
 
Back to the Micro Machines, I call them that because they are not organic, they are some kind of an Ai probe.
Yes, Artificial Intelligence, the only other person I have ever heard mention them in any kind of context is a guy named 
George Adamski back in the 1950's, in 1952 he said that our skies were flooded with these probes that ranged 
in size from a few centimeters to a few meters, I have photographed them all, like I said I will leave a few pictures 
for you. I have always noticed these objects flashing out of the corner of my eye but when I turned to look, they
would be gone, finally I started setting up a tripod with my camera set to high speed continuous shutter and I would 
rip off about 20 frames at a time, I would do about 5 sets like that in different directions, then I would study my
pictures on the computer, I would notice these little objects moving threw the frames at a pretty high rate of
speed, it was no wonder I could not focus on them. I got pretty good at it after a while and I was able to establish
areas where they would be more often than not. Soon I would get better cameras and lenses, then I moved across town
and it was still happening. It got to the point where I am going out 5 and 6 times a day and catching these objects.
 
But what really got my attention is when I would photograph a bird of prey flying and I would notice a bunch of 
these objects around the bird, that's when it kind of struck me that these objects are monitoring the wild life, 
I take short drives out into the farmlands here and take pictures of big birds flying over the fields and there will 
be dozens of these objects flying all around the birds. I have a Facebook page and I do a lot of posting there, and
I make it a habit to only post pictures that I take, it's my way of keeping ufology pure. I have posted a few thousand 
pictures of these objects. I do not alter my pictures, I enlarge them and crop in photoshop, I wouldn't know how to 
enhance them or fake anything. At present I am using a Nikon D800 w/ 50mm f1.4 lens for daytime stuff, and at night
I put on a 300 mm lens. 

 I have learned a lot about these objects from photographing them, I know when they are just looking around, I know
when they are looking at me, sometimes I get people in my pictures and these little craft will be checking them out.
I don't like having people in my pictures, but if the scenario is right I will let the people in the picture but I won't
make them the center of attraction, but that's when the objects will show up. I call them Ai because I am positive 
they are not man made yet they are performing a function. The camera I use now, the file sizes are huge so I usually 
only take 4 frames at a time, in that time I can establish or rule out objects in the picture, at 4 frames per second
I can tell if an object is a bird or an actual craft, a bird will only cover so much ground in a second where these little craft 
can cover 150 yards in one second. I don't take many videos because I don't know how to process them, and I don't
like sifting through hundreds of frames. Doing 4 frames per second is like a mini video. I don't like to speculate about
what I think these craft are doing or who they might be doing it for, but that doesn't mean I don't think about it. As far as
I know I am the only one talking about these objects, I watch a lot of videos of people speaking at the conferences, and
everyone seems to be focused on the larger sightings and ET experiences.

 I tell people that you could not walk out to your car without being seen by at least 5 of these objects, 
I don't say that to scare anyone, I say it because it is true. These little craft are watching everything that is
going on, and I have pictures that will prove that, they are not malicious, they just seem to show up when needed.
OK, so the pictures I will leave, I will leave a few, you will get the idea of what is going on. If you have any questions
please feel free to ask me, I would really like to find a way to get this info out there, like I said, no body is talking about it.

 I guess what I really want to report is a phenomena rather than just a single sighting, I take pictures of them everyday, and that's why I don't fill out reports everyday. I observe these objects high in the sky and cruising in and out of people's yards, over rooftops and trees. Especially during the warmer months I see hundreds of them everyday, Winter months seems to bring on different types like Orbs.
