{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-03-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504219","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54677","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3553,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/219/mufon-5504219.json","updb_database_id":5504219}
{cak} translucent floating orbs in home

When i was a child (under the age of ten) on multiple occasions, something happened to me. My parents used to find me in a daze screaming and crying and unable to speak clearly. I was taken to the doctor and my parents were told that i was having "night terrors"... 
 What i recollect about these event is that i wasnt crying because of a bad dream i was crying because i felt so overwhelmed by my inability to put into words what i felt... now as i think back the way i xan describe it is "frighteningly vast" as if standing next to a topless skyacraper in a bottomless pit.... what i remember are opaque translucent orbs about 8 to 10 inches floating in my room and down the hallway.... i rememeber my ears ringing like a gun had went off next to my head and this weird visual in my mind of like a line with dashes on it sort of like a ruler and the feeling of my awareness jumping skipping a few dashes landing and jumping againg down the line... the orbs had colors to them maybe they pulsed they were lit up in the dark but did not admit any light or brighten the area around them.... these visits would happen when i was sleeping and i always remember straining incredibly hard and fighting to wake up as if something was physically keeping me down. For some reason when this would happen i would wake up To a bare mattras sheets and pillows and blankets all heaped neatly in a pile by my door.. the orbs would be in my room or id see them outside my door in the hallway... the feeling at that age was not one if fear ir terror... it was one of being overwhelmed beyond the capability of my words... I can not say for certain if i ever left my room but on seperate occasions as an adult i have felt myself being slipped into bed and the temperature difference between my cold body and my girlfriends warm body woke us both up... same ringing in ears, same feeling of my cognitive awareness bounding down a line of measurement or something of that nature... same sickeningly overwhelmed feeling of how small we are... when we woke up she was curious as to where id been... because my side of the bed was cold as well as my unclothed body... I didnt have an answer just as when id wake my parents up crying... and tears came as an adult as well... when i went to get a drink of water i noticed the front door at the bottom of the stairs was open woke my girlfriend up fully we checked on her daughter and all the upstairs rooms then went and closed the door and checked the downstairs... where it was very cold so obviously the door had been open for some time... i KNOW for a fact that when we went to sleep the front door was closed and locked both handle and bolt because or neighborhood wasnt the best.... im not sure if this is an abduction or visitation, there is a smell that i always have in my sweat after these events and i cant place it... if this is happening to anyone else please contact me with details...
