{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-07-04 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547219","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"18004","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3787,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/219/mufon-5547219.json","updb_database_id":5547219}
Spotted a orangish red sphere over the tree line that left and returned.

On the 4th of July I was at my mother's house celebrating. We had just let off some fireworks and me and 3 other people were standing in her driveway. The street was full of people and we were not the only ones to see the object. As we were standing there, out of the corner of my eye I caught an object appear to the northeast just above the tree line. From where we were standing the object was approx. a 1/4 mile from us so it was probably 100-200ft. above the trees. At first we thought that it was a firework burning out and falling back to earth. After watching the object for a second we realized that it was holding a steady altitude and direction. The flight path was very controlled and proceeding from my right to left and lasted a minute or two. The object was a sphere that was bright orange color with a hint of red and was flickering slightly. The object seemed to slow for a seconds in its flight path never losing altitude and then curved off to the right heading directly north. We could see the object gaining altitude and speed as it went off into the distance until it disappeared. As you can imagine we were baffled. My mother lives in the flight path to the airport in town and planes fly over everyday but you can here and plainly see them. This object did not make a sound or have any familiar lights on it to signal it was an airplane. That same night about an hour before the sighting a helicopter even flew over at low altitude and we could distinctly hear and see it. The strange thing is the object returned about 10min. later in the same exact spot it appeared the first time I saw it. It held the same flight path that it did the first time and the object looked exactly the same, with no sound as well. The object slowed for a few seconds and then speeded up again to take off in the northern direction it had left the first time. Both sightings were exactly the same only about 10 min. apart. We thought the first sighting was strange but when it came back and how it got back so fast from the direction it left was baffling to us. No airplane or helicopter I have ever seen around here has that kind of shape, color, or ability to fly like the object did. I would say at least 10 people saw the object both times it flew by and nobody could explain what it was and none of us had ever seen anything like it. We were all excited as well as confused by what we had seen that night. The object flew off to the north until it was out of view and we did'nt see it again. This is the first experience I have had like this with a unidentified object in the sky. To my knowledge there are no aircraft that travel the way this one did nor do any look like the object we saw that night. It is possible that it was some kind of debri burning out but the flight path, speed, and the fact that the object returned led me to believe that it was something else in the sky. I was not the only one to see the object and there are several people who saw the same thing I did and were as stunned as I was. I cannot explain what we saw but I do know that it is nothing I have ever seen in the sky before then.
