{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-08-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505219","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53646","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2677,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/219/mufon-5505219.json","updb_database_id":5505219}
{rjl} another person and i witnessed an orb fly past us very close and fast then turn 90 degrees full speed apron 9 years ago.

i was with a group of random kayakers staying at the american canoe association cabins for the weekend at lake sebago in harriman park NY approx 9 years ago during the summer. someone mentioned there was an astronomy event taking place this night at the other end of the lake at sebago beach. about 10 people decided to drive there, one woman that i never met decided to kayak to the beach with me. there were a lot of telescopes set up looking at different points in the sky and we waited for the moon to set. when ever someone wanted to see through someone else's scope the owner would tell you what you were going to be looking at and point up to its location in the sky with a laser pointer. after this we left in our kayaks. this part of the lake was long and not very wide. we traveled about 3/4 of a mile straight and we noticed a yellow light fly up to us from behind very fast and silent about the size of a basketball. it was over our right shoulder and when it reached us it made a right turn without changing speed. the object was within 50 feet of us nomore than 20 feet high above the water and it maintained that space when it turned right and went over the trees at the same 20 feet above the trees. the trees were to the right of us so we seen the ufo below the tree line and when it went over the tree line it followed the contour of the trees up on the hill. this was between 1 and 2 seconds. we lost site of it because it stayed low and once it went over the hill and trees it was gone. when i seen this the woman asked me "what was that?" we were shocked but not extremely nervous. we talked about how nothing flys like that and it was not an animal or a flashlight from the people back at the beach. i sighed the thought that maybe it was some super secret military spy technology but not likely. i think it flew by to see what everyone was doing with their laser pointers and scopes in the sky and then it flew up behind us but did not pass us.
