{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-12 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507219","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51493","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3128,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/219/mufon-5507219.json","updb_database_id":5507219}
{cak} Both approached from North silently. One object darting towards and away from the other one.

Had just left the movies theatre and was in the parking area for the Farmers Market in Cordova,TN. It was right at 15:00 hrs. Was stopped discussing what to do about dinner. We were looking/facing the North when I noticed, a good mile away what I initially though were two parachutists under canopy. I asked my girlfriend if she saw what I was seeing and she did. I continued looking and saw the objects were approaching and not descending. I also saw one of the objects moving into and away from the one/other object. I think this movement was what initially caused me to think of them as parachutists, like if they were doing some canopy relative work. The objects continued to move toward us and it became my impression that they were gradually ascending and that they were spherical in nature and silent. The one object remained on a true and steady course and the other object would maintain like a wingmans distance and then rapidly approach the one object to a very close distance, move left or right, jinx about a bit, and then resume a distance. As they continued to approach I got out of the car to hopefully get a clearer sight of them. At this time they were probably at about a 45-50 degree angle above the horizon to me. I commented that they seemed to have some reflectivity to their greyish/leaden colored surface. The sky was overcast with some light coming through. As they got overhead it was my impression that they were probably approx. 1500 - 2000 ft. up. The one that had been darting about had separated more and disappeared into the overcast. The one that had been steady had by now taken a course to the S.E. and continued to gradually gain altitude and soon disappeared into the overcast, appeared again on its heading and then finally disappeared into the overcast not to be seen again. The entire sighting probably lasted 7 to maybe 10 minutes. When I originally saw them to the North they were approx.20 degrees above the horizon. Through out the sighting I only felt a growing curiosity as I realized I couldnt attribute what I was seeing to any type of aircraft or airfoil, balloon. The rock steady course taken by the one and the "playful" attitude of the other in such very close proximity to the steady one ruled out, for me, windborn objects. 
 If anybody else in this area saw these objects Id sure appreciate an email from you guys. If there is anything else I can do to help feel free to contact me.
