{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-19 21:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491219","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68351","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3511,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/219/mufon-5491219.json","updb_database_id":5491219}
Hyper object sited over NW Quebec near River but over land. Object changed colors and 'danced in one spot' for nearly a half hour before either landing or disappearing under low clouds.

I was sitting in my apartment watching TV when my eye was caught by something in the dark nigh sky at 9:33pm. The object appeared over Quebec in the NW not too high in the sky and appeared to be dancing around but in one area, not moving too far left or right but also up and down as if it was hyper. It was at first an orangy-red color much like the big orange orbs I saw over Quebec a few years back but this object seemed smaller although it was further north than the large orange orbs I saw before.

I watched this object just moving around in one area changing directions really fast but staying within the same spot. As I watched it close to when it seemed to disappear either through the low sitting clouds or it just vanished, not sure which, but in a half hour it was gone. I haven't seen it back yet and it's almost 11pm now.

I viewed it first with the naked eye and binoculars and with the binoculars it still appeared to dance around changing directions from left to right and up and down in a varied pattern but in the one small area. Hyper describes it. Towards the end of the half hour it appeared more white and light grey than red/orange.

I do believe it was changing shape as well but I was too far away to see it and a telescope would have answered that question I'm sure.

There is a small island with a building on it that they use for testing the river on the Ontario side of the river and just before I saw the strange light/objects I saw what looked like some type of signalling light (it was bright and very large) that was shining out into the river but not facing the object in the sky across from the signal. It seemed strange to me as I have never seen this 'signal light' before and then all of a sudden I spotted the object in the sky over Quebec across the river. Just seemed odd. Now they do river rescue and things I believe from that island but usually then you see a search boat maybe go out but nothing happened. Maybe they were just testing their equipment, I don't know. Just seemed odd.

I couldn't really make out a shape of the orange/light grey/white object above but at first it looked starlike but because of all the dancing and sharp turns up and down and sideways it was hard to tell. There also could have been more than one in the same area and my feeling is that there was but I couldn't see for sure because it all seemed to be so random in movement that it was hard to tell if it was one morphing or more than one playing around, couldn't tell.

There was no noise and I was out on my balcony but possibly closer in Quebec there was, couldn't tell from this distance which is way over a mile I would think.

I think that is about it. Hope someone else saw it and will report in.
