{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-02 18:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506219","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52587","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2697,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/219/mufon-5506219.json","updb_database_id":5506219}
{cak} Seen a fire ball up in the sky then after it went up another one appeared out of nowhere and went up and fire went out and was two UFO disks .

I was driving with a friend and noticed a fire ball like object up in the sky. So , I pulled over to observe it as I was watching this fireball object it went straight up in the evening sky right before night time. I seem it very clear so did my friend. As it got higher in the sky the fire seemed to what appeared to be burning out . After the fire was no longer there I could see a perfect black in color disk shaped UFO! Right after I observed this object out of nowhere another fireball object just appeared right in front of my eyes , I was so stunned because , it literally just appeared . That alone was scary for me because , I couldnt explain where it came from! Then it seemed to hover in one place as it too looked like a fire ball. Then it followed in the same path as the other one before it. As it went up up and up it seemed to burn out and you could also see very clearly a black dark disk shaped UFO and it seemed to have a little wobble to it. It was the sane as the other one we both just witnessed ! I know what I seem and I wasnt alone either and my friend seen the sane thing and it was one of the most strangest things weve seen together ! I live in Florida and a lot of UFO have been reported here. In February of 2012 my entire neighborhood seen a very extremely large UFO hovering over a neighbors house across the street and a beam of light shot out an orb looking object and it just descended into the night! Weve seen a lot in this area and still to this day at night we can see these UFOs in our night sky . We all need to start paying attention and look up at our skies because, somethings going on and I personally feel like were NOT alone and I cant help to wonder if we are as safe as we think we are and i feel scared l knowing that there are things up in our skies that are observing us and it feels like we are the ones being watched! Who is it? And what is it? Are we safe? What do they want? Who else is seeing them too?
