{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-11 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528219","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27368","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2534,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/219/mufon-5528219.json","updb_database_id":5528219}
Bright Light Hovering over Portland Intl Airport

I live on the third floor of an apartment that perfectly overlooks Portland, ME airport. I went out on my back porch to have a cigarette, and when i looked up i saw a very clear bright light that resembled a star, but wss clearly not a star in the sky above the airport. I became excited and continued viewing the object, looking for any signs of movement, sound or anything that would resemble a planes movement. The object was going from shining yellow light to a mixture of red light that would fade in and out blending with the yellow. I estimated the object to be hovering at maybe 1000-1500 feet above the airport, and it sat comletely still for around four minutes. Oddly, when i started questioning in my mind what i was seeing andthe validity of the object, it slowly and almost impossibly smoothly started moving from left to right in my view, still shining, At this point i ran inside and attempted to quickly find a phone number for the local news channel. After a minute or two i got the number and ran outside only to find the object was no longer there. I attemped to take a picture with my cellphone but it was just too far away to show up. I ended up calling the news and basically chickening out telling them what i saw due to fear of being possibly ridiculed. I have never in my life seen anyhting i would consider a UFO until now, and i feel the need to report it to this site. I never in my life wish i had some sort of video camera more then i do now, because at the distance i was from the object i would have been able to get incredible footage with any type of zoom whatsoever. What angers me even more is i bought a video camera about a month ago just for the reason of you never know what your going to see. I had brought it back to the store th enext day because i just didn't have the money for it, and figured it would be useless to me anyways. big mistake on my part...
