{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506446","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52353","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3422,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/446/mufon-5506446.json","updb_database_id":5506446}
{rjl} Bright humming tringle flew over my house

My husband called me on my cell phone (about 11 pm)I got out of bed and went outside with my dog. I was standing on my porch looking out and noticed what I thought was a star behind some clouds. It got my attention because it was cloudy and I couldnt figure out why it was the only thing visible in the sky. I mentioned to my husband that I was looking at something and that it was getting brighter and I thought that it was strange. Now, I happened to witness a "February fireball" event in Weatherford Texas a year or so ago and I had that same feeling of awe and fear about this that I had then and the thing was still pretty far off and moving way slower than the fireball I witnessed back then. In the back of my head I imagined this thing might be a huge meteor coming over head and I have to admit, made me a tad nervous. However, as it got brighter and came even closer - Bright White Light, nearly blinding light and there was a tad of yellow or gold in there, but the white lights is what I mainly saw - then a slight hum. I said "its got to be a plane, can you hear it?" to my husband who said "no, I cant hear anything" It seemed strange to me somehow, and I don't know if it was the intense light or the weird hum, but I kept my eyes on this object as it grew even closer - the hum growing slightly louder. Now, I asked my husband again "Do you hear it now? As I began to walk down the step of the porch as this object was pretty close now, flying really low, and I have a large pecan tree in my yard and it was a bit higher than the top of that tree, and Im not sure how much higher, but it seemed too low for a plane, even for a small plane that has been flying for this amount of distance. He finally said "yes, I can hear it now" and then this object is flying overhead, not slow and not fast, just sort of gliding along its path - and I look up and there is this red square, an outline of a square anyways in red light - my first thought was that it looked like an escape hatch or emergency exit type of thing. I looked straight up at this thing and It was shaped like a triangle, but not a pointy long angle triangle - but a blunt, rounded, and stubby triangle. I watched it until it disappeared over the top of my house. I told my husband " I think I just saw a UFO" He sort of giggled, and I said "No, Im serious", and then told him that the thing had no wings like a plane should have and the hum was not the sound of a propeller or even like a helicopter , it was a low... but audible hum that my husband could hear on the other end of the phone. I did walk around the side of my house to see if I could get a view of the object from the rear, but I could only hear the hum for a moment or so longer and no longer saw the lights - then it was gone.
