{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-08-27 04:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463446","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97499","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2665,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/446/mufon-5463446.json","updb_database_id":5463446}
{cak} Human like entity with wings.No face , no eyes,smoke gray in color about 7 feet tall or more.

I was driving on Nevada highway 160 going north at about mile marker 134 / 135 I saw this thing land in front of my car in the street in my travel lane I didn't know what it was when I saw it and I still don't I don't know how to feel about it I have no answers. It was about 0410 a.m. it was a clear sky no wind no clouds on august 27,2018 I was a little behind my schedule so I was going fast 85 miles an hr. I did have my bright lights on this event lasted about 4 or 5 seconds I had just finished a small snack I was listening to some music then suddenly this thing came from up high and landed in my travel lane on the street very tall 7 feet or more very large wings smoke grey in color I couldn't see any eyes no face as it was landing the wings were out to each side of it once it was on the ground it wrapped it's wings around it's self as if it was bracing for an impact. The wings were wrapped around its front it put it's head down slightly and just stood there it would not move as I approached it the only thing I could think is what is that I can not crash my car I can not hit this thing it will destroy my car and put me in the hospital so I said no and turned my wheel slightly to the left I did this four times as I took my foot off the accelerator to slow my speed as I passed the thing I did look in my rear view mirror but it was to dark to see any thing I didn't stop because I didn't know what it was and I didn't want it to come after me I just kept saying out loud what is that what was that what was that over and over were did it come from what is it . Its body was like a human its wings and arms were one unit it was a car in front by about a half a mile and behind me by about a half a mile . I don't know if anyone else saw it or not . I would like to know if anyone else has seen it . I look for it every day and wounder were it came from .
