{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-01 22:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502446","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56555","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5951,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/446/mufon-5502446.json","updb_database_id":5502446}
{rjl} first multiple dreams of ufo induced sleep paralysis, then multiple sightings of a cloaked black triangle zooming over my house at night, once when summoned. still have constant dreams of ufo sightings

I'm here today to share my personal experience with sightings/visitations of UFO related instances. A couple of years ago when I still lived in Humboldt County, northern CA, I randomly had a string of dreams that were all different variations of me looking up in the sky, seeing a black UFO looking object and then I become shocked/overwhelmed with sleep paralysis.(A frozen like state where I'm aware of my surroundings, yet paralyzed without mobility and with total fear.) To say the least, the first time it happened, maybe 2ish in the morning, I looked up saw a black object, shimmering with multiple layers of metallic blackness and Im struck with paralysis, my eyes in the dream become closed, my body is fetal up and I hear a BOOMING jet engine like humming resonating in the backroom. The noise had a metallic sound almost like I was in a different room at this time. All I remember after that moment was pleading to myself, in my head, yelling please don't hurt me, please don't hurt me, please don't hurt me. I then slowly drifted asleep, like you would if you were tranquilized only to wake up in my bed clinching to my girlfriend in fear, waking her frantically telling her my experience. She was so confused that it really didn't impact her much, so I layed scared to go back to sleep. I had 2 different dreams like this one in different variations, I wont go too much into detail so I can carry onto my real-life sightings that all occurred within a 2-3 month period. But the second dream was of a cigar ufo in the distance that ended up flashing 3 consecutive lights, starting from right, middle, then left and then I was again put into paralysis, but that time much slower, not as instantaneous as the first time, and to this day I still have dreams where UFOs are in the sky and they basically haunt me, but moving on. 

Im outside one night taking my dog out to go do his business, and it was right when I got home from work, still wearing shirt and tie and all. As I take him to my side yard, I lean on my trucks front end, lean up and look at the sky. (Im a huge star gazer, I can gaze for hours!) and this night struck me because it was so amazingly clear, a truly crisp night to stare at stars. As I stare in delight because its not overcast for once, I notice something catch my eye, moving from right to left. At first I thought I saw a flock of birds, because they come quite often overhead. So as a take a second glance my eyes focus on a perfect equilateral triangle that was cloaked/almost invisible, with the tip pointing to the left zooming across the sky. And the crazy part about it is that the only reason I noticed the object was because the triangle was blacker than the nights sky. The sky seemed like it was a greyish bluish black tint, and this thing was full on blacked out. I basically saw a black silhouette, with no lights and no sound. (The second time I saw this same exact triangle on a different night maybe a few weeks later, the black triangle, same shape and color, moving in a slightly different direction had 3 lights on each tip of the black triangle. And the third and last time I saw this exact same craft, on a different night soon after, the black triangle had no lights on the tips, but it had a faint but distinguishable light was emanating from within and showed through multiple vents that lined the bottom of the triangle. It was the fist time it wasn't completely cloaked!) These sightings all spooked the hell out of me, but also awakened me to the total awesomeness of the unknown that lurks in our deep space. One other notable sighting I saw, which was my first sighting and it happened maybe months before these black triangle sighting, it was my very first sighting that I couldn't explain. It was basically a star looking object that moved like a satellite, but was much bigger. as it moved across the sky and I gained notice, it blinks, then disappeared, and reappeared more to the right as it stayed in a consistent motion. It blink and disappeared a second time, then the third time it reappeared it flashed a light, that lit of a small blip in the sky, but it was 25-50 times bigger than the initial star like light. My last sighting was where I live now, in the Bay Area in CA. I was out, taking my dog out, again lol, and I looked up and saw 4 stars all in unison, spread out like a boomerang, moving slowly over my apt complex. it moved slow and looked almost cartoony. It makes me gasp in shock and smile in fear every time. I hope it stays positive and doesn't escalate, but so far it been benign and feels like a type of spiritual awakening to the truth.

I do fear the dreams where I now fear looking up because of the paralysis that comes with it, but a part of me thinks that it may be some sort of message or even an invitation to open my brain further. maybe all I'm supposed to do is let go and accept the paralysis. I've read stuff and have practiced astral projections and O.B.E.s. Maybe that's why I'm having these experiences. I don't know. But if anyone else has had similar experiences. please share them with me, I would love to hear your story.
