{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-04-22 22:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511446","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46920","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2503,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/446/mufon-5511446.json","updb_database_id":5511446}
{nd} multiple glowing shapes appeared from north and veered to the west. No strobes or navigation lights. The colours pulsed slowly

Out walking the dog. As I approached the house, several colourful lights appeared from the north at a low altitude in a scattered group, seemingly several miles away. I assumed they were helicopters on a training mission. However, as they came closer I could see no strobes or navigation lights, specifically no green or whites, only red and orange. 

I have a pair of Zeiss binoculars inside the doorway of the house so I quickly grabbed them and focused on the group of spread-out lights as they started to veer westwards, still some distance to the north of where I was. These are good binoculars, and I was able to get a detailed look at the objects.

I saw no white aircraft strobes, nor flashing navigation lights. Each shape appeared to be the same. They consisted of a broad central band of red/orange colour, with what seemed to be an intense paler hat on the band, and a deep red spot of colour underneath. The shapes and colours pulsed slowly, each cycle lasting perhaps two seconds. As I watched they drifted to the west and each light disappeared in turn, perhaps because of some scattered cloud although I thought the objects were below it. I could hear no noise or distinctive aircraft disruption from that area, despite the wind being from that direction. 

At the same time I was able to clearly see light aircraft in the area, and a civilian passenger jet at high altitude. I was able to hear the noise of these aircraft with no problem. It may have been that the objects I was watching were too far away for oral recognition, but I thought they were within 2 - 4 miles range.

The entire event lasted 2 minutes or so. I estimated the objects were probably travelling between 150 and 300 mph. I found it strange that they disappeared out of sight so suddenly.
