{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-09 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527446","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28182","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2644,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/446/mufon-5527446.json","updb_database_id":5527446}
3 objects seen within a 15 minute span.

My girlfriend and I were taking our dog out for a walk, when I noticed an object up in the sky flying from SW to NE. It was star-like and flashing and traveling at a very high rate of speed. There was a plane flying in the opposite direction, and at a much lower altitude. This plane was very slow in comparison to the star-like object. It continued to move at a high rate speed until we lost sight of it. It either disappeared or went behind some high altitude clouds. This happened in the matter of a couple seconds.

About five minutes later, we were just finishing up our walk, when we noticed another star-like object traveling across the sky. This object was moving south to north in the northern sky. This object did not flash, was not quite as bright, and moved at a much slower speed than the first object (from where we perceived it). The object appeared to slightly change direction, but went along a generally strait path. We watched it for about 30 seconds until it faded out in the distance.

Then, about three minutes after that we noticed an orange light traveling in the western sky, from north to south. This object seemed to be at a much lower altitude compared to the other two objects. This object traveled in a generally strait direction but it did appear to slightly change direction at times. It also changed speed, sometimes slowing down then speeding back up. We watched it for about 40 seconds, until it disappeared, possibly behind some clouds.

Yesterday 3/08/10, approx 10:30pm, I saw a red light in the sky traveling north to south in the same general area at the first object we saw today. I saw it for about 2 seconds until it disappeared. I wasn't going to report it, but after the sightings today i felt like it should be noted. 

We both are avid sky watchers. Satellites are not typically visible in our area due to light pollution. We don't think that these were satellites. We wanted to file a report because these were unusual, and the skies seemed to be more active.
