{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-31 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518446","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38723","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2660,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/446/mufon-5518446.json","updb_database_id":5518446}
brighter than venus, red, yellow,white, green light giving appearance of jerky movements, moved about 2

I moved to Elgin Or resently and I heard noises outside like brakes squeaking and wondered if it was an animal. So when I turned out the lights to go to bed I looked out the window and noticed and larger than normal star over the next door neighbors garage. I watched it for a while and noticed it was blinking a lot. Thinking it might be my eyes I just figured it was an airplane and watched it for a while. I began to move up very slowly, much slower than an airplane usually does and it was still blinking a lot. It looked like it had colors of at least red and yellow on it. And then it hovered there. So I thought it might be a helicopter off where I couldnt hear it. But the blinking bothered me, so I got my bird watching binoculars and focused and then the colored blinking became clear. There was blue/white light and yellow, green and red. In the binoculars they looked like orbs or haloed lights but that could have been the refraction in the lenses from the light. But there was definitely colors. I realized that the reason the object looked like it was jerking up and down and side to side slightly was because of the blinking of the lights. It was hard to tell any shape but the lights were giving it an affect of being cross shaped. I watched it for about 45 minutes after I got the binoculars and the object just hovered there and then about 50 minutes from first sighting it began and slow movement back toward where I had first seen it. And then it disappeared behind the garage. I looked later but the clouds had come up and I couldnt see the sky. There was no noise from it. all I could hear was the frogs and crickets. There are no large airports in the area and I suppose Sandpoint ID is the closest military installation. I have not heard aircraft fly over since we arrived 2 weeks ago. Im not given to flights of fancy or imaginations and I was rather surprised to see something like this. I still feel there may be an explanation of what it was.
