{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487446","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72217","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3522,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/446/mufon-5487446.json","updb_database_id":5487446}
{dr}hole in the sky

Hi, okay this is a bit different. I didn't see a UFO, I seen a hole in the sky or something that would make it look like there was a hole in the sky. I know that sounds strange but it's true. 

I was living in Racine and driving my daughter and her friend to a store in Waukegan, IL... It was a gorgeous day, the sky was a beautiful blue yet I was a bit irritated because the sun started to glare off cars and I forgot my favorite sun glasses. So I had to wear the only pair that I had, peach ones that I'd left in the glove box. I never liked them because I have high cheek bones and they cut into my cheeks but I wore them anyway.

So we're on Hwy 31 going about 50 mph just passing Kenosha and getting to the border when I looked up and saw a very large oval shape, it was way up there and within it was a very dark blue background. It looked as if there was a hole in the sky, a perfect hole of oval shape. 

The best way to describe it is how it looks like when you get a hole in your pantyhose and you see the skin. 

I looked away at other parts of the sky which were normal and then looked back and yep, it was still there. It was way up and it must have been huge... I'd say 3 football stadiums across and was actually very scary as it did seem like someone had ripped a hole in the atmosphere and whatever it was was beyond that.

Thinking I might be going crazy I took my glasses off and gave them to my daughter. I asked her to put them on and tell me what she sees... She did and it took a few moments but she finally looked in the direction where I'd seen the strange phenonenom and said, "I see a hole in the sky".

What's really weird is I was thinking about it the other day and tried to find those glasses but now they are gone and I don't know where they went... but still I know it happened... 

I'd never seen it before that and haven't seen it since.  I will admit I've had a couple strange things happen to me... I'm a survivor of some very horrible child abuse and sometimes I think there's someone (or something) who does watch over me. I have pictures of orbs which I could sense in my apartment (which I'm sending to you) and once I had an orb the size of a quarter come right at me and then disappear, leaving me with this amazing feeling of unconditional love. I tried to get into same mindset to have them come to me again but that hasn't happened since either. 

But I have to admit the hole in the sky was about the scariest thing I've ever seen... You can call me and I'll talk to you if you need. Thanks...

[witness name remove/dr/cms]
