{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-23 11:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529446","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26081","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4122,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/446/mufon-5529446.json","updb_database_id":5529446}
Unidentified flying object spotted in daylight over Cumming, GA

On Saturday, October 23, 2010, my wife and I were traveling in our SUV heading down 141W (Peachtree Parkway) at approximately 11:25am EST. We were approximately 3 miles from our destination when my wife, who was sitting in the front passenger seat stated she sees something in the sky that she can't identify. I asked her to describe it and she really couldn't, just that's she's never seen anything like it. I then peer out the window for a glance and notice the object. I take a double and then triple-take. It was silver in color. At times it looked cigar shaped but the more we looked at it, it appeared more of a disk. It's hard to tell exactly how high in the sky it was but I would say it was about the same altitude as a low flying plane. The object was not really moving, it appeared stationary. It was not an airplane, nor helicopter, bi-plane, weather-balloon, flare or anything else of the sort. We were on our way to get our daughter's hair cut for the first time, so we brought our digital camera. My wife got it out quickly and took the first snapshot. The camera focused on her window so it came out blurry. The next time I told her to zoom in as far as she could go and try to take another picture. She did, and the attached picture is the result. My wife looked at the picture she just took and by the time she looked back up at the object (less than 10 seconds had transpired) was completely out of site. We spent the next couple minutes looking out the windows as we were driving to see if we could again spot it but to no avail. It was definitely gone.

About 25 minutes go by and we are finished getting our daughter's hair cut. We drive back on 141 although in the opposite direction. As we neared the location where we originally sited the object, we began to look for it again. Amazingly, we spot it, in the same general vicinity, although this time it's traveling in the opposite direction and moving at a slow but steady speed. I immediately find a parking lot to pull into; it was a church. As I'm about to park the car, the object is in full site, again, moving relatively slow. I take an additional 10 seconds to turn the car 180 degrees into a parking spot. By the time my wife and I get out of the car, the object is now nearly out of sight in the far horizon. I couldn't even spot it anymore and it was my wife (with her better far sight) that spotted it way off in the distance for a couple seconds before it again disappeared.

In sum, my wife is a UFO skeptic. I was amazed that she was so into this object and she only would have been if it was an extreme anomaly. The shape and variable speeds of the object is most perplexing. To note, as we got back on 141 to drive home, we noticed a black helicopter fly directly overhead at a few hundred feet. When you look at the picture, you will notice a phone/electrical line running across. Directly below is the object. When zooming in, you will immediately notice black bands/spots towards either end. I forwarded the picture to my father late last night, who is an engineer and frequently has contracts with NASA and other aeronautical associations, and he too is states that it is unlike anything he's ever seen. Please let me know if you have any further questions and I would appreciate knowing whether anything was reported in the sky by any other agency. Thanks and good luck.
