{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1967-10-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5180426","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"1y8zp0f","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5180426,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Evening, ADT. From early evening until 11:30 pm, numerous independentwitnesses observed unexplained aerial activity. Near Sambro at 9:00 pm,  thecaptain and crew of a fishing boat saw four brilliant red lights in a box formationthat appeared to be on or just above the water. (Ledger and Styles, 2001, pp. 14-17, 21-44.)Category 6

Physical Trace Cases

Directory

Case
Directory
Shag Harbour Crash
October 4, 1967

Don Ledger:

On the night of October 4, 1967, numerous residents of Shag
Harbour, a small fishing village on Nova Scotia's southeast coast,
witnesses a multilighted craft which eventually appeared to 'crash'
into the Sound. The Sound is the western entrance to Shag
Harbour proper. The unidentified flying object was observed drifting
with the current on the Sound by more than a dozen witnesses including
3 RCMP officers. All of the witnesses both in and around Shag Harbour
reported what they thought was an airplane crashing near Shag Harbour.
The three Mounties contacted local boat captains and the
Rescue Coordination Center (RCC) in Halifax, NS. The Mounties initiated
a recovery operation, fully expecting to find bodies and wreckage out
on the water. Initially two fishing boats loaded with volunteers went
out on the water and searched. They were eventually joined by others
and Coast Guard Cutter 101. What is impressive is the amount of
documentation of armed forces teletypes, principally the RCAF's AIRDESK
in the nation's capitol, Ottawa. The newspapers responded to the event
carrying stories about the event and one inch headlines in eastern
Canada's largest, conservative newspaper, the Chronicle Herald. For a
short time the Shag Harbour UFO Incident became a world wide story and
as Case #34 was left unsolved in the Condon Report. The incident is in
two components, the documented case and the subsequent anecdotal case
supplied by retired military personnel from the Canadian army, air
force and navy. During the first two hours of the incident Coast Guard
Cutter 101 joined the search but it also brought news from RCC,
Halifax. No airplanes were reported missing. This left the searchers
and witnesses wondering; what had they seen that evening in the sky and
floating on the waters off Shag Harbour;  a mystery that has
endured to this day. The Royal Canadian Air Force designated it a UFO.
.

The UFO Crash at Shag Harbour -
Don Ledger
Source Unknown
