{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486215","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73501","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2853,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/215/mufon-5486215.json","updb_database_id":5486215}
{dr}I saw two orbs moving in front of me, towards me quickly, but there were fireflies out so I assumed it to be larger fireflies. They got closer moving fast and it sounded like a high pitched

I saw two orbs moving in front of me, towards me quickly, but there were fireflies out so I assumed it to be larger fireflies. They got closer moving fast and it sounded like a high pitched "Wee!" As if they were enjoying riding their flame things...

I was sitting in the window of my truck, I had been playing a SETI app minutes before and was being eaten by mosquitoes so opted a seat on the window instead of the tailgate. I had a perfect view of these things coming in, as if they were doing it on purpose. I froze wanting to get either in or out of my truck. It was happening so fast I knew I didn't have time to decide, whatever was going to happen was going to happen. 

As they were nearly inline with me now as I sat on the window still, they were out the drivers window close to me, it felt like time slowed down. I saw the one closest to me turn his head and look at me. They were so small. They looked the same color as a fire ember. I was so confused. They rode something but it too looked like it was engulfed in fire. It had dark eyes, like empty, like the night was shining thru the back. It had a Cheshire Cat grin. With sharp long teeth. It was a bit like the mouth off the movie "Critters." I had the thought run through my mind that it could have devoured me and not left a bone so I was glad it seemed happy. 

It passed by me and I followed it, watching closely for it to hit the ground running. Still unsure how to react. But as it came within inches of the field road, it was like both of them disappeared. I stumbled out of the window and exited the truck. I looked for any light or sign they were there or had been there, and there was nothing. I could hear the shrill noise in my head yet, it was as if I expected them to come over to me. I even called out to see if they'd do anything. 

I saw no ships. No anything normal to describe. I'm at a loss for words to even describe what I did see. I don't even know what to call them. I have nicknamed them my fairies. But only cuz of the size. I have no idea what else to call them.
