{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-28 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502215","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56799","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2465,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/215/mufon-5502215.json","updb_database_id":5502215}
{dr}an intense blue glow inside a cloud which was approached by a glowing red orb

I was photography lightning outside my home and noticed, after a very intense bolt lit up the interior of a cloud bank, that the blue glow continued for quite some time, I took several pictures which were 8 second exposures that show that the glow remained for quite some time. I thought it odd, and knew it was not ball lightning, as everything I've read on ball lightning says it always moves and flickers softly. As the entire interior of the cloud was lit up continuously, as if from a steady light source, I knew it couldn't be lightning.

Shortly thereafter, probably less than 5 minutes later, a bright red orb flew from the east in my general direction. Being near an airport I am used to seeing aircraft in the vicinity, however this orb did not have any of the strobes nor other lights usually on aircraft. It was simply a steady bright red light. Also, it made no noise as it passed by, at first under the clouds and then up and through the clouds towards the area of the blue glow.

As it was passing under and through the clouds I noticed the glow from the light on the clouds, and could make out no discernible shape. Given the cloud cover was very low (1000 ft) I would have expected to see other lights, a shape and engine noise, but there was none. Also, the object flew directly into a thunderstorm, which aircraft never do.

Eventually the orb was lost in the clouds, and I never saw it again. I expected, if it maintained it's course, that I would see it emerge from the clouds, but it did not.

I attempted to take a picture of the orb, but my camera was set to an 8 second exposure, so all I got was a bright squiggly line in the shot. Before I could reset the camera, the object was passing into the clouds.

I will send the pictures I do have as soon as I can.
