{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-07 04:48:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501215","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57854","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2515,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/215/mufon-5501215.json","updb_database_id":5501215}
{nd} witnessed 3 small star like white lights moving in a straight line path at a fairly fast rate of speed and then all three came to a sudden and complete stop.

I was walking to my truck at approximately 5:48am EST on July 7th. The sky was very clear and as I walk to the truck in the mornings I always kinda look up just to see if I see any airplanes or satellites that might be overhead. On this particular morning, just as I was about to get into my truck, I noticed one starlike light coming out of the southeast at a fairly high rate of speed. I figured it to be a satellite so I stopped to wath it fly by. But to my surprise..as I was watching it approach...I noticed a second starlike light on the same flight path, approaching directly from behind of the first light. I thought this was very strange, as I had never saw 2 satellites at the same time on the same flight path. Just then I noticed a third starlike light flying at approximately a 45 degree angle off the right side of the second starlike light. Well at that time all I could figure out was that it must be 3 Jets flying overhead. But just as I decided thats what it was...the first starlike like comes to a sudden and complete stop!! I was like...what the hell?? Well I looked back to the 2nd and 3rd starlike lights and they were still approaching. So I watched them until they managed to get very close to the first starlike light and then they both came to a sudden and complete stop!! I was totally shocked!! There was no sound...no change of color..they just sat there. I stood for approximately 5 minutes just staring at them, waiting for them to move. They just sat there in somewhat of a triangle shaped pattern. I finally had to get in my truck to leave so not to be late to catch my ride to work. When I left they were still just sitting there. I dont know what it was I was looking at...but I sure would like some help trying to figure it out!!
