{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-08 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496215","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63194","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3840,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/215/mufon-5496215.json","updb_database_id":5496215}
{nd} Three glowing spheres were observed flying in apparent formation, then one-by-one they appeared to soar skyward, reducing in size to a point, then disappearing

It was around 8:00 or 8:30 at night. My neighbor and I had been sitting on my front porch talking. He received a phone call, and went across the street to help the old lady who lives across the street from me. I continued to sit on the porch. 

My attention was drawn by three very bright, large pulsating lights that appeared in a triangular formation pattern about 15 degrees from the ground, ascending and moving northward towards me from due south or SSW (the direction of Tampa), possibly having just arisen from McDill AFB. As a student of aerial phenomena since childhood, I knew that formation flight indicated that they were definitely not civilian aircraft. But what would appear as bright pulsating balls? As I watched, the orbs continued to ascend, moving northward toward me for several seconds (that seemed much longer). I noted that there was a dusting of clouds at a level below the orbs, and wondered if the clouds created the pulsating effect of the light, or the "skipping" or "dipping" effect, as the objects appeared to be moving in a pattern similar to a boat going over waves. They did not move in unison, though keeping in a triangular formation. It did not appear that the changes corresponded to the pattern of clouds. Soon the globes were at least a 45 degree angle in the sky, when one of the globes turned upward and smoothly accelerated until it was a dot among the stars, then disappeared. After maybe 20-30 seconds, another did the same. After what seemed a longer interval, the third executed exactly the same maneuver, streaking into the sky as it shrunk to a point among the stars, continued to shrink to nothing. During the time I watched the "objects", I tried to imagine what they could not be if not advanced craft. Before the ascension, the orbs were most like flares on parachutes... they bobbed around, pulsating brighter and dimmer and possibly changing color slightly several times a second, with the edges of the luminescence seeming sometimes pinkish, sometimes yellowish, sometimes silvery, very similar to viewing burning magnesium. After watching 3 of them appear to shoot up in the sky at what seemed impossible speeds almost directly overhead, I cannot support the supposition they were flares. 

I have always wanted to see a UFO, but it was hard to feel very sure these were not some kind of flare until I very closely watched the 3rd one zoom upwards and disappear, after having observed the other two going through the same process. I was not excited or agitated except that my neighbor didn't come outside quite in time to observe the last orb.  

My father was a fighter pilot in the USAF, and I hold a Private Pilot certificate. I am familiar with aerial phenomena, but in all my years of watching, have never spotted anything as anomalous as this event. On sitting on my front porch, I often see commercial aircraft leaving TPA, and do not experience any confusion about what I am seeing.

I hope you can notify me, at least in general terms if there are any other reports from last night similar to my sighting.
