{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-27 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492215","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67334","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3584,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/215/mufon-5492215.json","updb_database_id":5492215}
{jpg} Observed a bright fast object and shortly after an extraterrestrial being standing right next to me

I was investigating a UFO hot spot with three other investigators and a witness to previous events at her home in Independence, MO near the Missouri river. The location has been the site of an ongoing investigation with photos of unexplained objects, strange sparkles that fell from a UFO and affected vegitation, an ET in the witness' bedroom, low flying craft, and unexplained objects observed by the investigators.We arrived at the home at approximately 8:00 p.m. to set up equipment and visit with the witness. We were hoping to get more evidence since the witness and her husband often see things at this location and our investigative team has also witnessed unexplained events there in the past. We all saw several strange unexplained things in the sky last night such as a bright white object which blinked on, then off, then on and off again, and a bright orange object with another smaller one next to it. AT about 10:35 p.m. we all observed a single large white round object which flew very high at a high rate of speed from NE to E then blinked out. At about 10:40 p.m. I was sitting in a chair and another investigator stood to my right and back a couple of feet when I noticed what I thought was the investigator bending over very low - I saw what I thought was his head in my peripheral vision but when I turned to the right to see what he was doing it was actually an extraterrestrial standing there. He had no hair, tan skin, was approximately 3 1/2' tall, had a thin muscular body, thin mouth, small nose, not extremely large eyes, long face with pointed chin, and a head in proportion to the body or just slightly larger. He was either wearing a tight jumpsuit or no clothing. It shocked me, to say the least. I told everyone what I saw and grabbed my FLIR to check the area and check the ground for a heat signature left by the feet but there was nothing. I was again looking forward, when in my peripheral vision saw what I thought was the investigator moving forward. I looked to my right and there was the ET again. He disappeared as soon as I looked straight at him. I then got the impression that the entity had been there all along and that he was observing us. We then all got our cameras and started taking pictures. A few minutes later I again saw what I thought was the investigator move forward and when I turned my head to look it was the entity, inches from my face, bent over slightly and he turned his head and stared right at me with a look on his face as if he were surprised that I could see him. I got out of the chair, put my hand out where I saw him, then walked through the area where he was standing and actually felt some type of energy go through me. I had the distinct impression that this entity was there to observe us all. I felt that this was important to report as the witness in this case since I was the only one who saw the entity.
