{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-05-21 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462215","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98794","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3965,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/215/mufon-5462215.json","updb_database_id":5462215}
{tjd} My room mate and I had just gotten on highway, route 422 to go home. There is an embankment to the left which is heavily wooded.

My friend and room mate Kathy and I were going home about 11:30 pm after leaving friends of ours for the night. We passed HACC, which is a local community college, if you drive straight past it, you will end up on 422. Kathy was driving, and I was just looking at the woods at the top of the embankment. I saw bright lights coming the woods. I said to my friend, I wonder what that is? She just shrugged and said I don't know. I said pull over which she did. We got out of the car and climbed the embankment to get to the forested area. When we got up there, there was a clearance amid the trees. There was a UFO about four feet off the ground. It was totally silent. It wasn't huge, possibly a scout craft. It looked like it was hermetically sealed. My friend was totally petrified and barely said a word. I was mesmerized. It had red and white running lights around the middle, or widest part of it. I was half expecting something to open and a being come out, but it didn't happen. I walked right up to it. I reached out my arm to touch it, but pulled back before making contact.We stood there for about half an hour. I was chatting away, but Kathy only gave one word answers to my chattiness. I said to her, "this is other worldly". She said, yeah. Back then there were no cell phones. I said to her, "Do you think we should call the air force or something"? She said, I don't know in a trance like fashion. One of us would have to stay while the other looked for a pay phone. Finally I just blurted out, "Nah, they'll just tell us we can't talk about it. We have no recollection of being taken, but just a few years ago, I had an astral dream,(not my first), but I was taken to a space ship. There was a male working on something. He had his back to me. There was someone standing behind me to my left asking if I wanted to kiss this being. I said no!I believe we were telepathically communicating. The being he asked if I wanted to kiss was naked and he had rusty red colored hair down to his ankles. I know he was naked because every now and then as he moved, I could see his buttocks. Once again whoever was standing behind me asked the same question. Finally I said alright, as I was thinking I could leave if I did. He either telepathically told this being I was going to do it, or the being heard it. He turned around and acknowledged me by tipping his head and giving me a half smile. He went to a small room situated to the right, and lay down on a shelf bed. I went in and sat on the edge of it. His eyes were closed. I wasn't sure how much feeling I could put into the kiss. I finally bent down and kissed him. It was actually quite pleasant. Next thing I know, I was in another room with a child. She looked to be about three to four years old. She kept looking at me and I at her. I felt no connection to her. She had my coloring. I am not Asian as my name would indicate, my husband is. I have olive skin and brown hair and eyes. The child did as well. After that, I was back in my bed. The being I kissed had green eyes, and was not light or dark. He had a larger jaw than human men, but other than that, he could have passed as human except for the strange colored hair. I got the feeling that he was a hybrid.
