{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-09-27 07:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549215","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5476","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2361,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/215/mufon-5549215.json","updb_database_id":5549215}
9-27-06 was outside fixing to take my daughter to school, I was admiring the beauty of the blue sky when what looked like chrome object appeared

9-27-06 was outside fixing to take my daughter to school, I was admiring the beauty of the blue sky when what looked like chrome object appeared, it was very high in the sky, is was moving towards the Rivergate, Nashville area. There were no visible wings, no no contrails, like other planes that morning were putting off, it was very cool outside. It looked like it was glowing "chrome". Extremely Bright, No sound. I followed it until I lost view of it due to a hill with trees. When I returned home, aprox. 7:45am I called my aunt and was telling her about it, and I look up, and there were two more... But one was disc shaped, round, about half the size of the Cigar looking one. The other did not appear as thick as the first one I saw this morning. The little disk was moving towards Rivergate area, the Cigar shaped one was moving towards the gallatin area. The two went right by each other and it appeared the small one moved up a little higher in alltiude, well I was yelling at her to go look, she was outside at her house, and she started screaming because she too could see the cigar shaped one. 
Then last night my children and myself were riding with my father back over to his house, when him and I both saw a huge Meteor it was a bright green with white with a medium sized tail that burned out right around Drakes Creek Park, it couldn't have been a telephones length up when it burned out... Well that is my newest experience, Thought I would share.
Also while looking at the pics from yesterday someone from NC had posted, that it excatly what the ones I saw looked like, besides the disk shaped one.
