{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-10-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479215","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80887","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2522,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/215/mufon-5479215.json","updb_database_id":5479215}
{nd} Felt static and smelt a sulfur like smell. I looked up an fit was hovering over me. I watched it to afraid to move

Redondo beach California, north Redondo to be exact. I was spending the night with my cousins and wanted some candy. So i told my aunt I was going to the liquor store MR.Bs market on artesia blvd/ slauson ave. I left her house around 7pmish she lived on Carnegie and slauson Ave just two short blocks from the store I was walking too. Usually would only take me 15 minutes round trip at most. 
 Their was is a small alley behind the liquor store which leads to the store.  Befor I got the the alley I caught a smell of a sulfer like weird odor in the air. And I felt a strange static like almost 
magnetic feeling in the air, very hard to explain!  
 I felt a presents in the air and I looked up above me. Their was a black disc shaped object hovering directly above me. It was just above the power lines and very close. Till this day I can draw an accurate picture of it. It had lights strobing around the bottom edge. Turning on one after another like dominos.  Colors red, green, yellow, white, blue,orange from what I can remember.  I stood their staring at the object. I wanted to run but I was frozen I could even tell for help although I was trying too.  Finally the objects grip one let me go. And I made a B line thru the alley and into the store. I clearly remember telling the store clerk frantically what I saw. He simply told me to calm down that I saw nothing. He did notice I was so afraid to go back outside. Till this day idk what he was thinking. 
I told him that if anyone reports a kid missing that it was me and that the UFO took me. He probably thought o was crazy. 
I ran fast as I could back to my aunts house. She was very mad at me. She told me I was gone almost four hours. Which I didn't think was possible. How could I loose four hours of time ?  Time I can't recount for.
