{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-10-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465215","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95572","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2470,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/215/mufon-5465215.json","updb_database_id":5465215}
Extremely bright beam of light shot straight down out of the sky. Big glowing ball came down in it. Then 5 or 6 small,

I was home at 718 Shoal Creek Road in Canton, Georgia. I was about 20 years old and I had a friend staying with me, and we were the only people there. We fell asleep around midnight on the floor in front of the fireplace. I remember hearing an enormous amount of rain suddenly dumping out of the sky, and this deluge was so loud it awoke me. I stood, and as I did so, I witnessed out of the east picture windows a blindingly white beam of light shoot straight down out of the sky. A large glowing ball descended within this beam and landed across the creek about 200 feet away. As I stared in disbelief (I began to think I was dreaming), these smaller orbs emerged from the bigger one, and sort of "bounce-drifted" a few feet off the ground. They bounced onto the top rail of a cedar fence, and continued together in a line along the top of the fence coming towards me. I can't even explain the feeling of terror that overcame me, and I felt an absolute compulsion to hide. Something inside me warned me that they would come in the house looking for me, so I turned around and slinked out the back door (where they wouldn't see me). I hid in the carport between my mom's car and the wall, where I could peek out and see them. They kept coming in my direction, and then when they got all the way to me, I can't remember what happened next. I awoke later, right in front of the fireplace where I had originally fallen asleep, however, I and my friend were both soaked from head to toe with freezing rainwater. He has never spoken to me about the events of that night, nor I to him. I don't know if he saw anything at all. Years later, I discovered that BOTH of my brothers have had eerily similar experiences with sightings occurring in the exact same landing spot.
