{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-03-01 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282215","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121248","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3160,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/215/mufon-5282215.json","updb_database_id":5282215}
Spider web lightning lit the sky

This was some years back, but I wanted to make this official. I was listening to Astonishing Legends, specifically the the [name removed] episode and realized I should report this, he had given out the way to get this done. I had told friends but they dismiss it and think I have gone mad.

Meat and Potatoes of it: So I am working for a company that had changed my shift to a mid day, and I was returning home around seven PM or thereabouts. I was on I95 somewhere about a mile or two south of the Jupiter exit. There was some wicked spider lightening in the sky west of me and I was always interested in this phenomenon and it was the biggest display I have ever seen this night. The sky lit up and the lightening spread across the sky, then it winked out and there was what I thought to be a UFO but realized it was ball lightening, I was amazed, it moved across the sky. I heard this was rare, then the sky lit up again and another ball, in total it happened three times, and the last one I watched move across the sky away from me. By this time I had slowed down to maybe 20mph and was in the right lane staring with eyes wide open. Then something was pricking at my edge of my thoughts, what if there was a UFO that was black as the sky, could I see it? Then the sky lit up again and I almost locked up my brakes, my eyes were wide open and my jaw dropped. In the sky for that 2 or 3 second period was an object, just sitting there, hovering, then the lightening winked out and flashed again, only to find the object gone. I always pictured what other people had seen and thought, would this be what one would look like if I ever saw one. But it wasn't, this object was by my estimation maybe 35 feet tall and shaped like a 55 gallon drum but with the bottom half pinched in about 1/8 of the width. It was black as night. I was breathing quickly and had let my foot off the gas pedal. I rushed home and told my wife, she of course believed me. I didn't know what to do or who to tell. The next day I told some co-workers and they said I was crazy and that UFO's didn't exist. Since then I have only told a few select people, and have mostly shut down on the subject. I don't mind sharing this story, I do not want to nor expect to gain anything from it. I just want to report it and have someone say "Hey we believe you" I have never gotten that object out of my head. And just so you know, my wife calls me Hawkeye, she says my eyes are amazing and I spot things all the time, not extra terrestrial of course. Thx for listening.
