{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-08 10:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500358","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58750","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2671,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/358/mufon-5500358.json","updb_database_id":5500358}
{nd} See these a lot during the day in Houston. Small, black dots that are not airplanes, helicopters, birds, or bugs. First time the camera I have caught it on video.

On August 08, 2014 between 10 and 10:30 AM I was walking my company parking lot as I do about 5 times a day. I work in an industrial area on the Northwest side of Houston, Texas. I started looking up while I walk about late June, early july this year just to see if I would see any UFO's. I have had 6 or 7 personal sightings since I have started looking up during my daily walks. This is the first time I was able to catch anything on video. I am walking around with a CANON PC1586 12.1 Mega Pixel camera. I see these "Black Dot" UFO's almost every day. This is the first time the camera I use has caught what I saw on video. It was only visible for a few seconds, but I caught it! It is very small and in the upper, left side of the frame flying under the white cloud. I am not saying it is ET, but I do believe it is a real unidentified flying object. I have shot video of planes and birds for comparison and I know that this was no plane or bird, as it made no sound, and would have been easily identified if it was a plane or bird. I am only giving you the video of the UFO because my video of planes and birds was shot separately from the UFO and I don't want to confuse any viewers or waste your site's memory space on an obvious object that can be identified. I see these types of UFO's on many other videos, so I do not think anyone out there knows what they are or who made them. Who ever does won't tell us what it is anyway or people would not be sharing them as UFO sightings because they would be identified at that point. Sorry if I talk too much. This is my first documented sighting, and my first public posting regarding UFO's. I am skeptical, but I have always believed we are not alone, and that we have been visited by life from other planets. For what it is worth, there ya go!
