{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-04-02 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5461358","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"99742","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5279,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/358/mufon-5461358.json","updb_database_id":5461358}
{cak} Very close observation of craft, slowly at tree top level

See PDF A BIG REGRET
I imagine most of us have regrets of different magnitude; a path not taken, education, work, a lost love… This is a true story which happens to be of a UFO sighting and one of, if not my biggest regrets.
Early spring, April of 1969. I’m driving south on a country road outside of Isanti Minnesota, towards the Bar L country club with my good friends Larry “Anthony” Wicklund in the middle of the front seat and Gary “Base” Johnson riding shotgun (cars at that time had this thing called a “bench” seat which allowed three adults to sit comfortably in the front. What a concept.). Anthony was home on leave from Viet Nam/Army and we were going to walk around the golf course at night ‘cause that was something to do.
I should mention that although it was the late ‘60s and we were all around 21 years old, that we had not ingested anything to that point which would have affected our perceptions, not even a beer.
It was a clear, dark, moonless night, probably around 8 or 9 PM. We were about 500 feet from the corner to turn left when Anthony leaned forward while looking up out of the windshield and said “huh?” followed by a louder “whaaat?”. I looked up and immediately slammed on the brakes and jumped out of the car. My initial glance showed a large diameter green light that was just ahead and above the car. When I jumped out, the light continued moving slowly ahead. It is impossible to accurately estimate sizes with no reference points but the light seemed to be about 5’ in diameter and about 30’ to 40’ in the air. It seems that there were other lights around the object but since they were not pointed at us they didn’t really register. What was unique about the light, and something that I have never heard or read of, was that the light didn’t shine out like a beacon or spotlight but instead it was like looking up a green smoke filled tube, it had depth but no spot that was brighter than another, very uniform.
The night was so dark that we couldn’t make out a shape of the “craft”. It continued slowly moving ahead over the road. Seemed to take thirty seconds to a minute to get to the corner ahead and then took the ninety degree left turn but the light stayed pointed north! The craft altered course without turning. It slowly moved east, still over the road for about 100 feet and then stopped for about a minute. It then continued in the same direction for another 100 yards or so and took another ninety degree turn to the left, also without turning.
It was now paralleling the road, coming back north, at about tree top level. As it got close to even with us it started to rise higher. As it did, and this is also something that I haven’t heard or read of, waves of distortion started to emanate from the craft, completely surrounding it: even though it was dark I could see the “energy waves” build which were transparent but had a green edge to the waves, if that makes sense… then all of a sudden it took off at an incredible speed, arcing up and away, a bright point of light which rose up and disappeared in less time than it takes to read this.
I got back in the car and started driving as we tried to start to talk about what we just saw. Before we got to the corner one of the guys said that they wondered why it had stopped over the road we were about to turn on, I said “maybe they dropped someone off”…
We turned the corner and there, illuminated by the headlights, was a woman walking towards the Bar L. Our jaws dropped to our chests, we didn’t say a word as we slowly drove past her. She appeared to be in her 40’s to 50’s, stocky, and was dressed in a navy skirt with jacket and dress shoes. She was carrying shopping bags. In any other situation I would have presumed that she had been shopping in the “cities” and had taken the bus back to Isanti and then was walking home. The problem with that is that we were 2 miles from town with half of the distance on gravel roads; it just didn’t seem to fit. We turned into the club/golf course. If she continued walking straight ahead, there was (and is) a housing development along the Rum River that she must have been going to.
The “big regret” is, of course, that we didn’t stop. We either would have had a solid citizen to corroborate our story or maybe have been offered a ride! Guess we’ll never know.
None of us have told the story other than to friends on occasion, I imagine. This is the first “report” of this incident.
