{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-12-23 18:21:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456358","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105238","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5247,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/358/mufon-5456358.json","updb_database_id":5456358}
{rjl} I saw an unknown number of ufos(over 100) that looked like stars to the naked eye,moving in a straight line for over 5 minutes

I was outside playing with my dogs in my yard and I felt like my boyfriends little terrier wanted to go inside so I opened the door and we took one step inside and I was overcome with a feeling like I needed to go back outside(yes the pup followed me). It was a beautiful evening, clear skies for the most part, just a little misty around the edges, I was admiring the stars and constellations looking straight overhead and I thought to myself ‘I love how dark it is out here you can see so many stars...hmm seems like an awful lot of stars out..and how come there’s so many in a row?’ I’m asking myself ’what the hell constellation is that? All in a perfectly spaced line that’s... really long... and MOVING!!! I looked at my dogs and looked back up and waited for my eyes to adjust and focus and what I saw was phenomenal-they looked like bluish white stars moving in formation evenly spaced in a perfect row across the entire sky from southwest to northeast, appearing from as far as I could see low in the sky just moving along following each other and then disappearing slightly lower than overhead...and they just kept on coming one after another after another I thought to myself ‘There must be hundreds of them! They’re beautiful!!!’ And 'I have to get my boyfriend out here!’ And where’s my damn phone. I think I must’ve been watching for 1-2 minutes.. it was a while before I could really say yeah this is weird and yeah I have time to get someone else to see what I’m seeing, you know make sure it’s real. So I ran to the door and told my boyfriend, Justin and his son Maison “ You guys wanna see something cool?!? Come outside right now and look up!!! I mean NOW!! “ so they both dropped what they were doing and followed me out looked up and saw the same amazing sight but this time Justin pointed out some ufos that were ‘like scouts’ moving alongside the row and sometimes two or three would move close together and move in a circle then separate and zip out of sight all of them in the same direction. We were all in awe. This was an incredible once in a lifetime if you’re lucky experience. By now I think 4-5 minutes had gone by, and I could hardly speak because they were still appearing and still all in a row and more and more.. I had to run and get my boyfriends parents! They gotta see this! I was so energized and exhilarated I had to take a breath to calm myself before I knocked on the door. They live next door so it might’ve taken me 60-90 seconds to get them and get to where we could see the sky clearly.. they were seeing the same thing. We watched for another minute or so and then I ran inside to get my phone. I believe my first photo is at 6:25pm and video is at 6:27. Please note that I watched then ran and got my boyfriend then we watched and I ran and got parents then we watched and THEN I went to get my phone and after some difficulties because my hands were shaking with excitement and I couldn’t seem to capture an image according to my phone screen. My phone which is a new iPhone 8plus was acting strange,delayed response and screen showing all black even when aimed at the Christmas lights. Upon review of the video you can clearly see the Christmas lights. I haven’t been able to see the video on a bigger screen to see if any crafts were captured on video. When they were disappearing from view they appeared to look blue to blue green and even though they seemed further away they looked more bubble like to me. We were all just awestruck and nervous yet there was something calming and mesmerizing about the way they moved. When I walked my boyfriends parents back into their house I noticed they were both quite off balance, like their equilibrium was more off than usual. It was then that I looked at the time, I was shocked to see it was only 6:30, I thought it was much later, maybe 8:30. Strange. Hesitantly Justin, his son and I went inside our house and discussed what the heck we had just witnessed for a moment.. I got a warmer coat and went back out hoping to see more, sure enough one cute little straggler zipped and darted and then fizzled into a dark blue dot. I felt very lucky to have been able to see such an incredible sight. To have looked up at that moment... it was a moving experience I’ll never forget and is a reminder for us all to take the time to stop and look at the stars.
