{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-02 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528358","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27226","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3824,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/358/mufon-5528358.json","updb_database_id":5528358}
Oval light ring with red light on top and bottom. Blimp with no advertisement??

I stepped out back to have a smoke and noticed light through the trees of the apartments behind my home. I first thought it was fireworks, but as I stepped off my back porch I could see it was an oval of light. The craft was heading west very low, silent and moving slowly. It had an odd glow to it so, I thought it looked like it could of been projected onto the could cover. I decided that I have read too many conspiracy theories about chemtrails and dismissed the idea of a it being a projection. Just a bit after 7:00 pm. What I saw was an elliptical circle of solid white light with two large red lights centered on top and on bottom of the craft. It was rather big. I would say if you held a fist at arms length it was be as long as the widest part of your fist. The light was bright but seemed softened and glowing against the cloud cover. The craft was less than 1/2 a mile away and as low as a helicopter or lower. It looked to be just east of the I17 freeway and about a mile south of the interchange to the 101 freeway. My view was intermittently blocked by the large trees behind our home. I had seen a blimp a couple of days beforehand. Thinking that it could be a blimp, I ran through the house telling my children and husband to come quick and look. We all went out and my husband saw a gimps of it. Of course, he decided it was a blimp. He lifted our son onto his shoulders and the boy was able to get a good look at it. Unfortunately my other child couldn't see it, as it was too far west and was then being blocked by buildings. The sighting lasted less than 5 min.

 I have never seen a blimp lit up this way. I have seen plenty of blimps at night and they always are lit in the center and displaying some sort of advertisement. If a blimp were to display a solid ring of light on it's side around the add space...well the size and shape would match. This had no light in the middle of the ring and no adds. I just saw the MetLife blimp this morning as it passed close by. The size, shape, speed and altitude were similar to what I saw last night. I also noticed that even in the daytime I could see the green positioning light and also the white strobe on the bottom of the cabin. I saw no FAA required lights on the craft last night. As I looked at the blimp today I could envision how the ring of light would fit on the side of it but the large red light on top and bottom would be almost as big as the cabin underneath. I don't know how they could of had such a large red light on the top of the blimp. The craft last night was very obvious and looked stereotypically like an old Hollywood saucer.
 So, was there a blimp in north Phoenix last night just after seven and do they ever fly at night lit up like a flying saucer with no advertisement display? There were quite a few small planes in the air at the time we saw the oval of light. I called Deer Valley Airport today and they only suggested I call back when the operator that was on last night is there tonight. I searched the web to see if anyone else saw a ufo or blimp in the area, but found nothing. I also tried looking for pictures of blimps at night and got nowhere.
