{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-06 01:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489358","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70268","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4268,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/358/mufon-5489358.json","updb_database_id":5489358}
{nd} bright metalic white light in sky that would separate into smaller merigold colored lights that would make shapes in sky & join back into one orb & desend into trees & move through trees changing directions then asend back into sky to make shapes

A friend and I were camping 8 miles NW of Kingman,KS in a section of trees that my dad owns. I stayed in a hammock out by where our fire had been before it burned out, while my friend was sleeping in the passenger seat of my pickup. I was awoken from a deep sleep already looking in the direction of a bright silvery-white colored orb in the sky which proceeded to break off into more lights that were smaller and marigold in color and began making a semi-vertical line in the sky. I do not know what made me wake up to the lights, but I found out the next morning that my friend woke up already looking at the lights as well and he recalled not knowing what made him wake up either. The lights continued to make shapes in the sky, (circle, triangle, more vertical lines) and periodically the marigold orbs would collect back into the single bright, bigger, and silvery-white colored orb which would descend into the trees and move up and down and horizontal in the trees all while hovering around 4-5 feet off the ground. Then would rapidly ascend back into the sky splitting back into smaller marigold colored orbs that would return to making shapes. I continued to watch this for roughly 30 min or so and fell back asleep. I was awoken a second time from a deep sleep roughly 2 hours later already already facing the direction of the same lights in the sky in the smaller marigold colored orbs in a vertical line in the sky. They made a few more shapes that I could roughly make out through the trees when the smaller orbs collected once more into the bigger, brighter orb which would descend into the trees move around and ascend back into the sky to make shapes again. This time I watched the orb light show for roughly 45 min or so when the orb one last time descended into the trees but this time meandered through coming closer to our camp and eventually stopped around 80-100 yards at the end of the old path near the log splitter and hovered (slightly wobbling in place with a glowing white aura) around 4-5 feet off the ground. It was close enough that the trees next to my hammock were flickering with light. The orb continued to hover in this location for a few more min when it shot like a bullet back to where it had previously been earlier in the trees, moved around a bit and ascended back into the sky rapidly split off into smaller marigold colored orbs and began making the same shapes in the sky. I continued to watch this till I fell asleep a second time. I was awoken a third time to a pack of coyotes which sounded to be in the general area of where the orb had been. The coyotes were howling when they got very aggressive sounding and I heard an animal sound which I have never heard in my life. It sounded close to a scream/howl but unlike any human or animal. I am an avid outdoorsman and have never heard any animal like this (especially in Kansas). Almost instantly after the scream/howl I heard a few of the coyotes started to whimper like a wounded dog would. After a second scream from the unknown animal there were only yelps of pain from the coyotes, a few seconds later pure silence. That was the end to any orbs or strange sounds I heard that night. Once I fell back asleep I was not awoken again till the morning. My friend later confirmed seeing everything I saw that previous night. He did not hear the scream from strange animal or the yelping hurt coyotes but he did sleep inside the truck.
