{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-01 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496358","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63042","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2667,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/358/mufon-5496358.json","updb_database_id":5496358}
Like a chevron with one wing 1/2 or 2/3 shorter than the other

It happened on January 1 after returning from my brother in-law's house after spending the holidays there, we went to park the car in the garage four blocks from our house.

The garage is a large open sky lot located in Camino Maldonado (Big Avenue) esq. Roma next to the Police Caminera (highway patrol).

After parking the car, we were walking towards the exit and asked my wife if she had grabbed the house keys, she returned to the car to look for the key's as she had forgotten, I stay with my 7 month old daughter on her stroller standing in the middle of the lot.

The sky was clear and there were three small cloud's with a strange elongated shape and that seemed to be very low. 

As I admired them I notice motion from my right (I was looking Camino Maldonado to the south). 

At first I thought it was a formation of birds flying because there was no noise.

He got behind the first cloud when he was back in sight I thought it was a plane but notice some white spots in a V-shaped pattern and thought again it's just birds.

Then he passed behind the second cloud and when it came out I was already following with my eyes to the east where the moon shone and the sky was really clear.

So when it came out I could clearly see the silhouette of the object, the color was black or charcoal gray opaque with light absorbing coat like a B2, had a V-shape but with a wing half or a third length of the other in a very distinctive way.

It had five white diffuse circles beneath, one on the tip, two on the long wing and one on the short. They seemed like lights but didn't glow; they brightened the area contrasting on the dark surface but the edges where diffuse.

Then he went straight on his flight path and i lose sight of him over the opposite wall of the garage. 

The height of the object seemed low, just above these low strange clouds the whole sighting lasted about 10 or 12 seconds.

Call my wife several times as I watched but she did not hear me, was busy looking for the keys.
