{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-30 20:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469358","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91174","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2979,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/358/mufon-5469358.json","updb_database_id":5469358}
Taking pics of moon/clouds. Discovered strange lights. One in sky. One diving into sea. And an orb type circular object on far left of picture.

On Friday 30.3.2018 I was out with my family. We stopped at a restaurant for something to eat. It was almost 9pm and we were hungry. We were in Sliema which is on the east coast of the island. I decided to take a couple of pictures of the night sky because it looked so beautiful with the moon behind some unusual cloud formations. The first picture I took was from a spot across the road from the bay (facing the sea eastwards). I took the picture but noticed there was an electricity pole which ruined the frame. So I crossed the road and took another picture without the electricity pole. Maybe 10-15 seconds lapsed between taking the first picture (with electricity pole) and the second picture (after crossing the road). 

Once we sat down in the restaurant and ordered our food I decided to look at my sky pictures in order to post one on Facebook (so beautiful). That's when I noticed the oddities in the first shot (with electricity pole).

The first thing I saw was the bright light object in the sky. Then I noticed another light sort of diving into the horizon. At to the left of these lights there's a dim pale white circular orb thing, like a distant moon.

I checked the next picture which I had taken of the same view but from across the road (the one I took 10-15 seconds later) but there are no odd lights in that. The cloud formations are still exactly the same as the previous photo.

The pictures were taken with my Samsung s8 phone. When I checked my settings I noticed the 'motion photo' feature of my camera was on. My son thinks that is how I managed to capture these lights.

They don't look like reflections and the oblong light is definitely way above the horizon. The 'diving light' is tipped very close to the horizon.

There were some fishing boats out and if you zoom in you can see their tiny lights.
