Case No. 1792 22062022

Date: 31 August 2021.

Approximate Time: 18:39 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Winter.

Witnesses: W. A. T. T., 50 years old.

Description: The informant reported filming what he considered two
aerial anomalies at 18:39 on 31 August 2021 from the vicinity of the
Soprole industrial plant in the commune of San Bernardo, in the Santiago
Metropolitan Region.

What was reported was described as the shape of a cigarette or cigar,
white in color.
with an estimated size of 2 to 5 meters. This would have been visible for 6 to 10
seconds, always to the northeast of three witnesses.

The user then indicated that (sic): “I was recording a flock of gulls passing over the plant where I was working at the time, there were many circling, that caught my attention, then when reviewing the video on the phone, I see more than two bright figures advancing very quickly and
turning rapidly in the sky, the appearance direction is from north to south and the
Other ones come from south to north and return quickly. Now, by reviewing the phone and transferring the images to the television, the bright objects can be appreciated in detail, the period is not very long, about 8 seconds. I am interested in having them analyzed.
"The images to assess if there is a similar sighting or if it corresponds to an unidentified object."

The user was located at coordinates 33° 33' 06" South Latitude and 70° 41' 55" West Longitude.
West Longitude; location approximately 1.4 kilometers from the runway.
Air Force Base El Bosque (SCBQ) of the Chilean Air Force. (Figure 1)

The analysis of the information present in the file of the studied footage confirmed the indicated date and did not show signs of digital alterations of the visual content, so each of its 241 frames was extracted and studied.

Figure 1

The following Figure 2 shows what is visible in two frames from the beginning and end of the recording. The one in frame 70 corresponds to a luminous object.
It appears to have moved from left to right, and the one in frame 132 would have done so in the opposite direction.

Figure 2. Phenomena reported as they appear in frames 70 and 132 of the case's footage.

The geometric analysis of the frames determined that what was reported as possible UFOs were parasitic reflections caused by the incidence of light from the various lights present at the site.

Images: This case was backed up by a recording contained in a
Archive in MP4 format sent by the informant.

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the report and the results of the geographic, forensic, and photographic studies, it was concluded that what was reported were parasitic reflections or "flares" caused when filming into the light sources present at the location from a backlit angle. These optical aberrations only existed within the optical system of the cell phone used, so they were not directly seen by the reporter or by others.
Therefore, the case was closed and classified as "Explained".
