{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488950","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70686","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3146,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/950/mufon-5488950.json","updb_database_id":5488950}
{rjl} During sleep my cable box in my bedroom started flashing a green light. At the same time I felt assulted with audible sounds varrying from a sharp screach to an animalistic bark.

One the night of Sept. 18th, 2015 at approx. 2-3 am I awoke to my cable box blinking a green light below my television directly in front of my bed. At the same time this disturbed me I noticed a strong annoyance/ attack of sounds similar to a high pitched dog. I heard a high pitched "bat" like screech followed by a series of "barks". It disturbed me a great deal and I was frightened to the point of hiding under my blanket and asking my husband next to me "why is the light blinking?". I believe I said other things to my husband but do not remember exactly. At the end of the annoying sounds came a clear message "green infrared light" which was not audible to my husband and leads me to believe that it was a telecommunication. I did repeat this message to myself but not aloud and continued to try to go back to sleep. At the same time, my husband got up and placed a picture frame in front of the cable box so that I would not be further disturbed and could go back to sleep. I did go back to sleep after gripping my husband from under the covers and woke up the next day with an inclination to research this information. I have no scientific experience so it remains mysterious to me at this point. Also all wireless devices in my household had to be reset to obtain a wireless connection the next morning. 

The evening of Sept. 20th, 2015 at 1 am was notable to me as well but no actual emergence of anything occurred. I mention this because of being woken up several times during the night on a "hunch" or extremely heightened awareness of a change in the environment. I heard the phone ring (downstairs)and awoke my husband- he did not hear the phone ring. To explain it simply- I felt electrically charged in all areas of awareness psychologically. All hearing and vision "highly tuned in" and alert for no visual reason. I reported to my husband the sound of one strange bark. He said he did not hear it and I tried to explain it as " a bark- but not a dog". The event ended with me repeatedly trying to sleep and repeatedly being awoken- again seeing nothing visually. My husband being awoken went downstairs and shut some open windows in an effort to investigate on my behalf, found nothing and quickly went back to sleep. Today, after looking at the phone caller ID- I see no listed phone numbers for a call being placed at or around 1 am.
