{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-10 22:36:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517950","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39735","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7455,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/950/mufon-5517950.json","updb_database_id":5517950}
Trick in to meeting them. Ship cased off buy planes etc but returned later. I later saw them after landing.

I saw an Alien ship on Sunday 10th June at Darwen Tower, Lancashire, Uk @ 10:36pm GMT. I saw flashes of Sequenced light from the ship but the rest of it was invisible. The best I can describe the ships shape from the way the lights were organized is similar to a small version of a Minbari Battle Cruiser from the old Babylon 5 series. They were chased off by Aircraft and Helicopters but returned a number of times with out success as they were chased off many times. They eventually returned back fully cloaked to avoid detection a few hours later at around Monday 11th June @ 4:10am after things had settled down. There purpose was to meet me. They had tricked me in to meeting them and pretended to be a friendly race but I found out different. When they landed I saw a flash of light from the clocked ship when the door opened. At all times before, throughout and after the encounter they were in contact with me through psychic means and are still in contact with me even no as their equipment in malfunctioning and they can't shut it off. When the craft landed which at no time made a noise I was told three of the crew had come out of the ship however, one of the crew didn't have their clocking device calibrated right so I could see them. Their appearance is very similar to the usual gray's appearance although they claim to be another variation of the species i.e. a hybrid species with an other. I was not taken into the ship or an thing like that. They just wanted me to say sat were I was all through out the encounter and do nothing. I later found out that they have developed a new type of implant which they can place in your aura but it still requires them to have a physical presence to do so. They tricked me into meeting them so they can monitor me because they have tricked me in to developing and spreading a dangerous contagion in to the population through psychic means. I still have the implants in me but they are malfunctioning. As they can see and here what I think and do, I can hear what they think and say so I have managed to greatly hinder their efforts. They also tried to trick me in to producing an other contagion which they also need but I found out what they were doing and stopped it. However, they may try to find some one else to complete their mission. As it stands I have f**ked up their mission which they don't want to reveal to their superiors. There is much, much more to what I am telling you but I need to speak to some one who can help me in person. The contagion is spread through physical contact and does not matter if it is the clothing you touch as it is an aura contagion not a regular biological contagion. Unfortunately I have already contaminated many people before I found out what they were doing. I need some one who can provided me with contacts so I can figure out the cure. I have a good idea of how their technology works and have a few ideas on how to stop it but I need access to labs and equipment as they had to provide me with some of their knowledge in order to get me to create the contagion in the first place. I will reveal all about the contagion and what it does when I talk to some one. I recommend that who ever meets me types the conversion as there is a lot to discuss. I will also note that we are in the middle of a time war and that many species have deliberately tried to hinder the progress of humanity as according to them, humans are a mung one of the leading older species in the universe. One of the main areas they have tried to hinder science is in auras that we consider as mumble jumble such as Astrology, Alchemy, Numerology and witch craft etc. There is an actual science to all behind all this lot and they have used various techniques such as religion to suppress it. I will also note they consider God to be very real but more like what we consider mother nature and have a very strong hatred against God. They also say that God is some thing we have can not yet comprehend but is effectively is the Universe itself. I have also found out that Hell is also a real place. According to my information, Hell is the remains of a Supper Giant Star located some where near the center of the Galaxy in the Scorpio constellation. This faction of aliens work for an 11th dimensional race of beings who created Hell to gather negative souls from across the universe to use as a power source. I have a lot of information on how Hell works and the life forms on the planet/burnt out star. The aura plague they have contaminated me with involves blocking the Earth and Base Chakras so when we die we will detach from from this planet and the device in the chakra located 36 inc above your head will transfer your soul over to Hell. This is the method they are trying to use to increase the process of getting us to go to Hell. They have been using other techniques such as memes to try and spread other contagions such as anger and jealousy etc. However, this has been too slow for them. They were trying to also con me in to creating a really powerful meme (see Richard Dawkins) through witch craft science in order to create the right characteristics which they desire us to have for when we go to Hell. However, because I discovered this plan it has cocked things up for them. I also discovered that the life on Hell excrete certain compounds which dramatically increases negative energy. When they hit a peak with this compound they intend to do some thing which I'm not too sure what but it will involve absorbing the energy of souls them self and eventually will lead to the complete destruction of the souls who live on Hell. I also know they are not far from completing this. I also suspect that this plan to accelerate the gathering of souls to power up Hell is because there is another race that threatens them. I have also learned about other groups who create black holes. Back in 2007 there was a change in the Suns pattens. You can find articles on this subject such as New Scientists etc. Apparently an other race did some thing to the Sun which will turn it in to a Black Hole but I am getting various dates from the aliens but it seams to be within the next few hundred years. Another race is heavily interest in cloning and wants our DNA etc. According to the aliens they use clones of other species like batteries and is some what like a seen from matrix. I suspect they may have tried to mislead me on some of the information but a mung it will be the truth. I have gathered much information from them including about who they working with on Earth. If any body knows of any one who can assist me in locating and removing these implants in me then you can contact me at [email redacted/cms/tg]. Any idiots will be ignored as this this an email just set up for this.
