{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530950","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24509","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3644,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/950/mufon-5530950.json","updb_database_id":5530950}
1st was a solid white/orange ball of light, the rest were very odd flickering/erratic lights sometimes appeared circular, then triangular.

This was an event that I can not simply explain away as "normal". At approximatly 10:00 p.m. my partner and I were sitting in tha back yard of a friends home here in Kokomo Indiana. Our friend spoke up and said "WOW look over there, what is that?" What the three of us saw was a bright white/orange ball flying across the sky. It was to slow and low to be a shooting star. We watched it for about two minutes and then it vanished suddenly. Of course we were filled with interest and just kept repeating "what was that?". Little did we know this was just the beginning.

We went inside the house for approx. 30-40 minutes and then came back outside. When we walked out I looked to the west and saw what I would naturally think was an airplane. It had flashing lights and was moving rather quickly so we just watched it. Our friends son came to the door so she went inside to turn on a show for him. While she was inside we continued to watch this "airplane" fly toward us. The flashing was very erratic. Red, Orange, White, Yellow flickering lights. As it got overhead we noticed that it appeard to be triangular in shape and was completely silent. Then as it got to the tree line it STOPPED. This aircraft stopped in dead air and did a full reverse. At this point there appeard two more of these aircrafts. They flew right past each other and VERY close to one another. The craft that did the full reverse seemed to be just sitting there in mid air. At this point it appeard to be round and the flickering became more erattic. Then we realized this aircraft was not just sitting there it was actually ascending upward slowly. The other two were now gone but this one was slowing rising upward. It took a moment to realize what we were seeing. At first it was as if our eyes were playing tricks on us, but no it was rising. It eventually rose so far up that we could no longer see it. There was no sound. They were completely silent. 

At this point we were just in pure shock and amazement. I ran in and got our friend to tell her what we had just seen and she came back outside. When we got back out we saw yet another appear. It flew across the sky at a pace an airplane would. Then more appeared and continued across the sky. They all had the same erratic blinking and were NOT in a normal flight pattern. This continued for the next few hours. All together we saw anywhere from 15-20 of these before we went indoors.

We would have thought these were airplanes with a lot of flikering lights if we had not seen the one craft stop and do a reverse and then ascend straight up. It was difficult to discern the shape. It appeared to be a triangle yet when it rose up became circular, maybe it was even the flickering light pattern that changed to appear circular, I just don't know. Even today as I sit here and type this there is a loss for words. 

There is not a rational explanation in our opinion.
