{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-23 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492950","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66570","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2684,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/950/mufon-5492950.json","updb_database_id":5492950}
{cak} Supplemental information to Case 65946, 80 UFOs in 2 hours

Admin, please add this additional file to the witness submission data for case 65946, Waterford, MI

This is a video that contains a slow motion view of one of the objects flying over my house. It is illuminated at the end of an IR laser beam. If it was a bug or bird, it would be partially up the beam. If it was a satellite, it would be past the end of the beam and illumination from such a small device would be impossible. Furthermore, it is inconceivable that there was a 'train' of 78+ birds and/or bugs following each other only a few seconds apart, all along the same path.
The speed of a satellite can be compared at the end of the newly attached video. I included 3 satellites (actually 4 - the 3rd contains one of the few pairs of satellites that is currently in orbit.) As can be seen in the video, all satellites appear to be travelling at roughly the same speed. The objects in the initial video traverse the visible sky at least 20 times faster - which by itself, excludes satellites from the list of standard possibilities.
One thing that always comes to mind when I hear someone asking for a 'reasonable explanation.' 'Reasonable' has come to mean "from this particular box of accepted explanations." If your only goal is to dismiss everything regardless of the truth, then that 'box' is where all of your answers lie. If you are willing to accept the truth, as long as it is really the truth, sometimes lies outside that box and does in fact, include the reality that some of what we see did not originate from this world. (Yes, I did say "fact!" Also, the 'fact' that not every scientist in the world has agreed, does not make it not a fact. It just means the scientific community has a lot of catching up to do) They are out there, and the truth is coming out. Like it or not, nobody will be able to cover that up for much longer. The time of threats and ridicule has passed.
