{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-15 22:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287950","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115422","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2573,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/950/mufon-5287950.json","updb_database_id":5287950}
Balls of Light (Orbs) Connected in a Straight Line

I was about to walk my dog on a clear, crisp night and stepped outside to check on how cool it was. It was a clear, starry night and so I looked up to take in the stars. 
I saw what appeared to be an amber colored streak far off in the sky...I thought it was a meteorite that was streaking across the sky. So I yelled to my wife to come out...she immediately went to get the binoculars. As I observed it I noticed that it was a physical object about 400ft up and about 1/2 mile away. I videotaped it at first and still only saw what appear to be one solid light, but the when peering through the binoculars I could see it was definitive, separate lights/orbs, connected together. It moved similar to when you see balloons floating...but there was a dark, cylindrical void behind the lights. Similar to a cigar with lights on its underside. 
They appeared what looked like globes with lights inside of them. Perfectly symmetrical and architecturally defined. 
I dismissed it all at first because It did appear to be, at first, something just "floating by"...but after seeing it through the binoculars, it was definitely a craft of some sort with orbs or lights underneath.
We heard nothing. 
After viewing the video...our terrible video...(sorry, I gave my phone to my wife and she could retrieve the object steadily)...anyhow, after viewing the video I noticed it appears as if the lights were strobing, or, in the very least; creating coloration back and forth. That is not what I witnessed through the binoculars. It was the type of light that I have never seen before; very bright but only at it's surface...the light didn't necessarily emanate outward. Difficult to explain.
The feeling it gave me was dreadful...not; "hey guys, a bunch of drones or balloons are floating by"...it truly felt like something ominous.
