{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-08-18 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548409","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"10546","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3055,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/409/mufon-5548409.json","updb_database_id":5548409}
Pink and Green sky a huge dark mass behind the clouds then a fireball came out as if to scout then returned exactly where it came out

I had just gotten dropped off by my mom at my apartment. 3 minutes later she calls me and tells me to look at the sky. The sky was pink and green in away that I had never seen before or after. There was a HUGE central cloud that was totally dark in the center which looked to me like some huge mothership was behind it. While on the phone with my mom I noticed that there was this stuff in front off my face everywhere. It is almost impossible to describe. I describe it as some sort of enery waves of electrical charges that looked like half a dime sized bubbles. They were everywhere and when I waved my hand in front off my face the stuff remained and to me it seemed that it blended with the air like atoms or something. At that time I asked my mom if she saw the stuff in front of her face and she said yes and that it was an irradescent color. The color of the bubbles/sparks to me seemed light blue. My dad was at work and I gave him a call. He too saw the stuff in front of his face though he says it was a greenish color. My mom was about a mile away from me and my dad about 10 miles yet we all saw the bubbles. During this time I had noticed that Planes were fyling over my apartment complex way closer than I had ever seen. Throughout the time I was standing outside I also noticed that close to 200 birds were flying the opposite way of they clouds. At his work,my dad also saw all the birds flying away from the clouds. Then the strangest thing occured. Coming out from the central cloud was a fireball/amber light/golden sequin moving at an incredibly impoosible rate just zig zagging throughout the sky with such speed and such ease and moving in a way that I had never seen. To me it almost seemed like it was a scouting. After about a minute of the strange fireball darting around the sky in then dissapeared behind the cloud in the EXACT same place it had first appeared out of. I know it was Extraterrestrial because of the speed and angles of which this ship demonstrated. But the thing that got me the most was the stuff in front of my face. I've watched alot of UFO shows since this event but have never heard anyone say anything about the bubbles I saw. For this reason I wanted to put my story out there and if anyone has seen that stuff in front there face or has any ideas of what it was please let me know.
