{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-30 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496409","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62987","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3205,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/409/mufon-5496409.json","updb_database_id":5496409}
{cak} The star like object would be stationary, then moved quickly right, left, up, down, no pattern but definite movement in a triangle sort of configuration

My wife and I were outside smoking a cigarette and noticed a round cloud-like ring around the moon just like we saw last night.  While looking at that this star like bright object that looked like a star, it moved, right, center, left, center, up, down in a triangle shape most of the time. Mostly moved left to right and back, then up, down, still in a triangle fashion. We both observed it long enough to make sure we agreed on what we saw. I watched it approximately ten minutes, came inside and contacted this website. As far as I know it is still visible. We are certain it moved, no blinking lights like an airplane, helicopter, jet, etc. No sound. Looked like a star but was definitely moving quickly at times, then slowly in a triangular fashion. I have never seen anything like this before and this is my first, what I believe to be a sighting. Starlike moving quickly as described above. I am going back outside to see if I observe it again. My wife came in before me, then I came in about five minutes after and asked her if she had seen what I had and she agreed. It looked exactly like a distant star, bright,no flashing lights,just a constant starlike appearance that moved quickly in the directions that I described before. I am not under the influence of any medication, alcohol, etc. I am certain I saw it and my wife was certain she saw it. It did not scare us and we had no fear. Just sighted this and wanted to report it. We never lostsight of the object. Thought it was a regular star until it started moving in the directions as I described above. I know I am repeating myself but want to give the best description I can. Would like to know if anyone else reported this just as I am reporting it. My wife and I just went back outside to see if it was still there and we both definitely saw the object again. Still starlike but moving somewhat more quickly, no distinct pattern but moved significantly more that before. My wife thinks she saw a red light flash but I did not observe that. The time right now is 9:34 pm CST. Will continue to go back outside and observe but its been approximately 30 minutes since we first noticed it and it is in the same place,moving quickly up, then down, right to left as I said before. I cannot seem to describe it any better than I already have. My stepson went outside with my wife and he observed its movement also. He thinks maybe a satilite but agreed that the starlike object did in fact move.
