{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-03-01 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515409","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42746","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2665,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/409/mufon-5515409.json","updb_database_id":5515409}
Child is startled to find UFO

This happened when I was 8 or 9 years old. I had come home from school and I was laying on my sister's bed reading Little House on the Prairie (my sister and I shared a room, but her bed got better natural light for reading than mine did). It was around 5pm and the light outside was fading. I saw bright lights come into the room and I thought to myself 'Dad is home' because his headlights would shine in the window when he drove down our long dirt driveway. I sat up and looked outside expecting to see his van, but instead I saw a ship hovering outside my window. It was silvery-grey and disc shaped (the middle was thicker, with the thickness tapering towards the ship's edges). Around the "rim" of the ship were bright yellow and orange lights. The ship seemed about 30-40 feet across and and looked to be about 20 feet up (basically as high as the peak of our roof) and it was no more than 20 feet from the window. The ship was angled down on one side about 45 degrees, and I had the curious feeling that the whole ship was inspecting me (just the way I would've peered at a bug on a sidewalk). I was completely dumbstruck. Not scared, just shocked. I just stared at the ship, trying to process what was happening, and by the time I realized that the only thing it could be was a UFO, it righted itself and took off by first heading straight up 10 or 15 feet, then taking off in a south eastern trajectory over the roof of the house. I don't know what possessed me, but I leapt off my bed and ran through the house, hoping that I could catch it flying away from the house and out over the water...but it was gone. The second I realized it was gone, I became terrified and ran as fast as I could down the stairs to where my Mom and siblings were. My brother and sister were playing ball hockey on the basement's unfinished cement floor, and my Mom was sitting on the landing at the bottom of the stairs, wearing her grey bathrobe and watching them play. I sat down next to my Mom and didn't utter a word about what I had just seen.
