{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-24 22:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502409","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56591","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7137,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/409/mufon-5502409.json","updb_database_id":5502409}
Tandem white or grey objects move across the sky rapidly. No lights. No sound. Two witnesses.

I'm what you would class as an open-minded skeptic when it comes to aerial phenomenon, but tonight's experience was just too bizarre. I have absolutely no way to explain it. Thankfully, my girlfriend saw the whole thing at the same time, so I don't have to sound like a nutcase alone...

Here's what we saw:

My girlfriend and I walk our dogs at the local blind school track in Brantford almost nightly.

The incident took place at some time between 10:33 and 10:37 p.m. on Saturday, May 25, 2014. It took us a few minutes of amazement, rapid discussion and swearing to even think of looking at the time.

The track is adjacent to the westerly wing of the blind school, and we like to go there to walk our dogs because very few people go there at night and it's down a deep embankment so our dogs stay inside the boundaries of the park and can't stray onto the surrounding roads. We usually let them off their leashes and let them run free for about a half hour then go home.

As we walk, we talk and usually look upwards to check for shooting stars. It's very dark at the track so it's a great location to star gaze.

Tonight was like any other except that we were possibly expecting to see a meteor or two because we heard Comet 209P/LINEAR's trail possibly hit the Earth at midnight last night. Maybe we would see some stragglers?

So we're looking up and we noticed at almost 90-degrees straight up what we thought was a satellite. The usual type of affair: a small bright dot moving extremely quickly then slowly fading from view... only this time it flashed slightly, so I commented that sunlight must have caught the fuselage. I'd never seen a satellite flash like that before. It was pretty cool. My girlfriend did not see the flash. It was very brief.

Those words JUST left my lips when movement caught my eye to the left of where we were both watching:

Two objects, one in front of the other (almost like one was leading or they were tethered together) flew 1 from what we later learned to be the South from my iPhone app 1 straight over our heads in a perfect straight line towards the NNW. Not directly over our heads, but on a trajectory slightly to the right of us, but well above our heads and the trajectory was a perfect straight line.

We both saw it at the exact same time and we both watched it sail over and past us.

We see commercial airplanes from Hamilton airport (about 30 minutes away from Brantford) nightly, but these objects had absolutely no lights or illumination of any kind.

My girlfriend thinks they were both a definite shape - either a hexagon or a shape with multiple facets. She has much better eyesight than me. I saw it as two ovals, but shaped like compressed rugby balls with the points dulled. Not as pointy as a rugby ball. 

I can't tell if the objects were circular and appeared as ovals from the angle of our viewpoint, but after I thought about the shape as a rugby ball shape and thought it was curious that the shape would be the opposite orientation (north-south) to what I would think a circular object would look like from our vantage point (compressed east-west).

They moved at extremely high speed, I would say they moved from a 40 to 45 degree angle where we both noticed them in the sky over our heads and past the trees to the NNW of our position in less than 3 seconds.

They were completely silent, no engine noise or sounds of any kind.

They were a dull white or grey matt finish. It's hard to say whether they were white, high up and the darkness made them appear grey, or they were grey and closer to us. Regardless, I'm a graphic designer by trade and I would estimate the tonal range to be around about 60-70% black, if you were to estimate the darkness of the grey against the black background of the sky.

We wondered between ourselves later as to whether the objects were part of a larger structure above it that we could not see and was possibly darker in hue - we wondered this because the lead object and the trailing or following object didn't deviate from the same path from left to right and the distance between them was fixed at all times, almost like they were solidly connected.

The height or distance from the ground neither of us could guess at. There was absolutely no point of reference that we could use to ascertain the height of the objects, but it did fly over the trees to the NNW of our location and they are over 50 feet tall I would imagine.

That said, I got the impression that they were quite a distance above us (maybe a couple of hundred feet), but that's more of a hunch than anything I can estimate with physical evidence. Who knows?

The size of the objects I would place at about a centimeter in diameter in the sky. They stayed the same size throughout the flight path, so I assume they didn't ascend or descend any discernible amount.

The first thing we tried to do was debunk the experience - was it an aircraft? No lights. No sounds. High rate of speed. Absolutely not. Was it a bird? Maybe a couple of herons or a crane from the river a few miles away? Not flying that fast, and not in the straight, unwavering, almost robotic motion that they moved in.
Was it a couple of low-flying party balloons caught in the wind? I highly doubt it because there wasn't a breath of wind tonight in the park. I know we were likely sheltered in the park's hilly terrain, but the speed that they were moving in and the shape of the objects would suggest something that wasn't a couple of balloons.

We wondered about a glider. We have a small airport to the south of Brantford, but why was it flying at night? Why did it not have any lights and to fly THAT fast it would need to be extremely low to the ground and on a collision course for the houses above the hill.

Nothing makes sense. 

All we do know is what we saw was EXTREMELY unusual. Unusual for both of us to think that this was something extraordinary and it needed documenting.

That's all we can remember. The event was so fast, none of us had an opportunity to even think about pulling out a camera phone and documenting it firsthand. We stood around at the top of the hill (where we can see more of the surrounding skies for another half hour before heading home. We saw nothing else.

I thought of maybe drawing what we saw, but all it would look like would be two ovals on a black background. If you want, I can try and submit it later.
