{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511409","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46959","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3915,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/409/mufon-5511409.json","updb_database_id":5511409}
{nd} Rectangular with jewel like red and white lights giving it a rectangular shape,

I was coming home from town traveling east on Hwy 182. Upon arrival at the 4 way stop that I would turn right at to go home I noticed this huge light pattern about 1/4 mile ahead, on the south side of the hiway. It was stationary. The lights looked too clear and vivid to be real and its ruby redness captivated me while confusing me greatly. My first thought was that a new cell phone tower had been put up, but I felt mentally confused as if I couldnt think clearly. I turned right onto the road that I live on and then turned into a convenience store parking lot to get a better look at what I was seeing. There was a car there with a couple teens standing outside their car and I thought initially that they were looking at the object. I am not sure if they were or not because the clarity and the gem like quality of those lights made me quickly forget to look to see if they were also staring at the object. But what is strange about this experience is my state of mind which had changed into something like being under the influence of some drug, almost a dream like state that affected me as I watched this object with its beautiful lights. I think there was probably 8 lights outlining the rectangular object that looked as tall as a two story house and as long as a very large house. And no more than 1/4 mile in the distance, over the trees, perhaps around a hundred feet up in the air above the trees. I sit and watched the beautiful red and white lights and noticed that it was moving very slowly, a creep towards the south. In fact its movement was so slow that you could hardly tell it was moving at all, but it was. I sit there perhaps for 5 minutes watching it move like the hands on a clock to the south until it moved out of my sight, still over the woods that stretch southward from this hiway. It made no noise. 

I have never seen something like this that would be termed a UFO. And I am 62 years old. There is no explanation for this, being too large to be a copter and silent to boot. Generally I am the type of guy that is curious and normally would have driven towards it to get in closer, yet I had no urge to do that, which is weird. Upon arrival at home I would have generally told everyone about what I saw, but I didn't. And I don't know why. It wss only when I began to think about it today that I felt I should report this as it needs to be documented. I am not a UFO nut. Yet I saw something here that cannot be explained by earthly things. I saw something that was just like a ruby with an internal light source, brilliant and so beautiful to look at. I have never seen earthly lights that looked close to this. These were just too vivid, too clear, with the lights being about the size of a pea if you held the pea up at arms length. In the shape of a huge two story house, longer than it was high. I could not see an object behind the lights, but they were on something, outlining it. I am more bothered by the change in my consciousness at that moment than the object itself. It affected my behavior when I was observing it. And I cannot explain exactly how it affected my behavior, except that I didn't get closer which I certainly would have done if my mind had been working the way I am used to.
