{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-10 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514409","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43814","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2184,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/409/mufon-5514409.json","updb_database_id":5514409}
i have seen many over 30 year span.

I have seen many ufos in my life. i was in the navy on an aircraft carrier after high school. i know most every military aircraft during day and night. i have traveled alot and i have seen the same sightings everywhere i went. i have seen triangles, orbs, spheres, and cones. the way they moved would kill a pilot. hands down the most i have seen is in upper michigan. the more water the more sightings. i think they hide in water. if they can fly in space they can fly in water. the ones that bother me the most are the multi-colored orbs. their lights seem like a type of camouflage. when looked at through optics they are blurry and and difficult to describe. i call them sentries. as in guarding or watching. i see them all the time. multiple are visible as if they are covering a grid. are they the hologram machines for project blue beam? yes. maybe. as i stated, these bother me the most because they don't go anywhere or move as stars do when we rotate. they are always there. everywhere. all you have to do is go outside at night and look up and around. 3-4am is almost guaranteed. i would like to think they are here for good but that is doubtful. our communities and leaders don't care about us why would these things. gold is an inert super conductor and is a major part of every culture. is that what they want? for us to harvest it so they can easily take it. are they alien beings or it is humans trying to form the new world order, peace and harmony, one religion, one leader, one race. all of us slaves? i hope it is all for the better but i doubt it.
