{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-28 23:48:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526409","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29281","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5537,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/409/mufon-5526409.json","updb_database_id":5526409}
A red light moving across sky, NOT flickering like a plane and also BIGGER than the lights of a plane

Walking up hill after going to get some 'midnight' snacks (11.48pm was the time of the sighting), I was alerted to the UFO because whilst eating and walking up the hill I began to feel sick which was strange as we normally eat whilst walking up hill so anyway we stopped at the side of the footpath to take a break. I had my back towards town and was facing up hill, my boyfriend who I was walking with at the time was facing me so looking down towards town when suddenly he exclaimed "OMG WHAT IS THAT!!" 

Upon turning around to look towards town to see what he was talking about I saw a red light. At the location we were in you can see out to the hills and over the water. Above the quarry where there are always two white lights on at night time, there was a red light which was larger than the two white lights, maybe twice the size. The red light was moving in a fashion similar to a sine wave (but with a very small amplitude - so it was as if it was doing small zig zags almost but smoothly and roundly not sharp jagged movements) as well as this movement, it appeared to move further down in the sky --> so whilst moving downwards slightly it was sine wave like but only moving downwards at a tiny angle to parallel. 

I thought it was an asteroid at first as it looked like it was dropping down in the first instance that I saw it, but after a split second I noticed that it was moving as stated above in a sine wave like pattern across the sky. It appeared to move from the position it started in from around the area above signal hill right over the harbour out towards South Dunedin. It was making a very strange noise for an object its size, I say it was odd because there was NO noise, it was dead silent! my location was behind the shopping centre in the middle of town which is near the hospital so that was the second thought, is it a helicopter as there are often helicopters flying into the hospital. but NO it DID NOT make any noise, also the light was significantly larger than what you would expect from a helicopter and larger than the light of a plane(the flight path is different also, planes do not fly over that area AND the light did not stop at the hospital but continued out past it) ALSO the light was NOT flickering like plane lights do, it was red the whole time. 

After about 2mins of watching the light move across the sky, it started to decrease in size slowely (whilst still remaining lit in red light the whole time) then suddenly it appeared to pop out of the sky, disappearing quickly.It was there one minute and then completely gone the next.

For the first time my boyfriend had forgotten to bring his celephone which has an amazing camera in it, we tried to use my cellphone camera to take a pic or video BUT it is only 2Mega pixels so did not pick up anything (it was interesting to note that the lights from houses on the hill were able to be seen and the large red light / UFO was not)

I felt like I had to try and explain the event off to myself, I went through a checklist in my head, is it a plane, NO too big of a light, its not flickering and is moving at a different rate than a plane would and planes DO NOT take that flight path as the airport is not in that direction. Was it an asteroid, NO it was not dropping in the sky and was moving a lot slower than an asteroid would. Was it a helicopter, NO it was not making any noise, for an object that size it should have made a noise THERE WAS NO NOISE. Was it a laser, NO, a laser would not be able to make that size light in the sky. Was it my imagination NO boyfriend could see it too. Was it erie YES IT WAS!!! I had to pinch myself to make sure that I was not dreaming!

-After sighting the light we walked further up the hill to try and spot if we would see it from higher up. We could not. There was a fear that the light may come back closer to us so we quickly went home.

As soon as we got home, we looked it up on the web and there appears to be no other sighting of this from today,as a side note, whilst walking down the same hill, on another occasion around 2months ago at a similar time (closer to 11.20 maybe) I saw a very similar red light, it appeared above the two white lights that I described above and bobbed up and down 4-5 times and then again popped out of sight but did not diminish in size like the red light that I witnessed today (At the time I thought it must have been a person shooting flares at the quary, I went back during the day to stand at the same position on the hill and noticed that the quary was far to the right of where I had seen the light so it definitely was not flares

We had not consumed any drugs or alcohol (we were studying and took a break to get some food, event occurred whilst walking home) - Both my boyfriend and I saw the red light / UFO and thought it was very strange!!
