{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-04-25 09:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546409","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"22978","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3938,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/409/mufon-5546409.json","updb_database_id":5546409}
Un-noticed object captioned in photo

On Friday April 23 2010,my boyfriend and I took a three day mini -vacation away from the big city of Jacksonville Florida for a little piece and quiet down in Alachua County Florida.
Along the sides of the paved road were big beautiful oak trees, which were covered in swaying spanish moss, which dangled down upon each individual branch. A variety of livestock could be seen grazing the small hills of green pastures, landscaped by a stretch of wild flowers along side the road as we traveled to our destination. We did make a few occasional stops to take a few photos, being that both of us enjoyed the hobby of photography.
We stayed at at the Secret River Lodge at The Yearling Restaurant,14531 East County Road 325,in Hawthorne,Fl which is just down the road where Marjorie Kinan Rawlings home which is in Cross Creek.Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings wrote a book called "The Yearling" which was a American classic and winner of the Pulitzer Prize in 1939.
On Saturday morning we planned out our day, which consisted of traveling to a few small towns, which were only, minutes away. We traveled to Ft.Mccoy, Eureka, Mcintosh and Salt Springs.Along the way we stopped for a few yard sells, art shows and exhibits which seemed to be numerous for that weekend. Saturday night we walked across from our cabin and ate dinner at The Yearling Restaurant, which consisted of two sides, catfish, frog legs, soft-shelled crab and hush puppies. Then we settled back to our cabin for a good night1s rest. 
Sunday morning we awoke around 8:00 am, we made ourselves some coffee and then we took our cups of caffeine down to the creek, which were only a few yards away from our cabin. We sat down upon a bench, sipping our coffee as we listened to a variety of birds sing their own melody and watching the dragon flies dance across the tops of the water. It was a nice morning, it was breezy and overall an overcast day. I sat my coffee down upon the bench and started snapping photos of my surroundings. I then began to walk under the cross creek bridge, which was to the right of where the bench was and snapped a picture of a mirrored reflection of some cypress trees in the water. Then went back to our cabin, packed up our things, went into Micanopy shops and then headed back to Jacksonville, Fl.
We arrived back to Jacksonville, Fl around 4 pm and I was anxious to view the photos of which we had taken during our trip. I had taken a total of 298 photos and my boyfriend had taken a total of 136 photos. After uploading the photos, we began watching a slideshow of our trip on my computer. I remember making comment to him about how pretty the reflection was in the water and then he questioned me " what1s that1? And then he pointed to an object on my monitor screen towards the tops of the trees. To be honest at first I thought maybe it might have been a bird but the closer we looked, it convinced us both differently. When I took this photo I was drawn by the reflection in the water of the trees, so I really didn1t notice anything else that was captured in the picture until I uploaded it to my computer. This photo was the only shot out of all the 298 photos I took that shows anything abnormal.
