{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-02-15 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452843","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108793","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3193,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/843/mufon-5452843.json","updb_database_id":5452843}
Look at a flying plate very closely when I was about 9 years old

In a small town in Ecuador (South America) called La Libertad, in the Kennedy neighborhood, it was almost 7 o'clock at night and it was getting dark, I was about 9 years old and I was waiting next to my dad's truck that parked in a house where he visited some friends. 
While I was waiting for my dad outside, I was watching some kids playing football, when they suddenly stopped the game and pointed their hand up, some rushed to call their parents who lived around. 
I saw that from above to the distance came slowly lowering a small light variable in colors, as when a plane is going to land in the distance, suddenly I saw that it was slowly approaching the makeshift football runway where we were; the children got scared and ran out to their homes to warn their parents.  
I rushed out and climbed into the top of my dad's truck, where he kept his tools, I was about to hide, when suddenly I saw it was a flying dish, he came over us and was suspended about 30 meters and for a time about 2 minutes, as if he was just arriving from a long journey , then he headed very slowly eastward, from where we were, like when a helicopter goes taking a video, very gently, then I no longer saw him. This action in total lasted about 5 minutes.  
As for the physical characteristics of the unidentified object it was plate-shaped, metallic as aluminum, had a dome, which had glass-like windows that changed red to green and yellow like a traffic light; at the bottom of the flying plate, all over the edge were round metal-encrusted lids and in the center of the base it had like a bullet-shaped exhaust pipe lying about 1 meter long, with at least 3 or 4 tubings coming out of the flat part of that object backwards, giving the impression that this accessory addressed the flying plate , this device emitted a soft sound as turbine gas emission. The Plate when it arrived was suspended for a moment, towards a movement as when a boat floats in seawater, of non-static motion, no species was seen, only arrived, stopped and advanced in a straight line towards the east of us. 
I always wanted to tell this story but I couldn't find the medium or the way, if anyone wants to make a documentary I'll be happy to attend to it, I can draw the device and do any tests for them to believe me. (Also as an adult I saw a huge cylinder that I used to collect water from the sea, but I will count shortly in another session). Thank you and greetings.
