{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-07-15 05:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518843","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38144","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2371,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/843/mufon-5518843.json","updb_database_id":5518843}
Followed by bright white round light that stayed exactly above and off to the drivers side of my car.

I was driving home from Huntington Lake off highway 168 in California. It was about five am and I was headed home from a camping trip. I got to the saw mill in Auberry around 5:00 am and noticed all the lights. As I turned around the many bends in the road I continued to see a light that I thought was pretty bright to be coming from the saw mill, especially so since Id passed the saw mill about a half an hour before I noticed this one light. I kept looking out my side window to see if it was still there and it was. This light stayed exactly where it was except I continued to see it for a good 20 minutes beyond where I could have seen any lights from the mill. Not long after I realized I was way too far past the mill for this thing to be one of the mills lights I realized it was a UFO. I started talking to it because I did not want to be abducted. I then started to yell inside my car, "I know what you are! I know you want to kidnap me! If I feel any change in the air, or the car, or the wheels, Ill drive right off the cliff and kill myself!! Back off!" And I started speeding up and driving recklessly to show them I meant business. After only about five minutes of doing that the light was suddenly gone. Just gone. I did not see it leave or flare out, it just vanished. I didn't have any missing time and no after effects except for being scared and grateful that they left. This was in July 1990. I was 35 years old, was not drunk and don't have any history of being abducted in that past. I have had one other sighting that was significant but no abductions. No one from my family has been abducted either. This sighting seemed to me to be a chance encounter.
