{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1964-11-01 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503843","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55070","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4091,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/843/mufon-5503843.json","updb_database_id":5503843}
{dr}(3 events, cfi) E1: 1964 meteor like object, stopped, hovered.

1964 late, or early 1965. No leaves on trees. Cold. Owosso, MI Coming back from laundromat (lived in northern Owosso, SE of hospital, I think.) Looked up at clear sky(evening) to see if it looked like rain so I could hang out clothes in the morning. Saw a falling star just about straight up. Came from Way Up from the stars, looked like.  Fell fast, then instantly Stopped about 500 ? ft up above the trees. Sat there. It was a round ball of white fuzziness with a hint of colors but not clear. At that point it looked like the size of a small plane. No noise. I was facing north, it was almost directly overhead. Then it started Slowly to come down at an angle kind of westerly or northwesterly.  I got So curious, I got back into the car and followed it all the way to the hospital and it came down in the swampy area behind it. I did see another car's lights over that way coming toward town. As soon as it disappeared into the trees, I got so scared I headed home and didn't even tell my (first) husband about it for three weeks or so. I also didn't report it even though my landlord was a city cop! I was afraid "whatever" it was might come and get me! We moved to Lansing that next year. Several years after that I heard that a couple of young guys saw it and made a report and were ridiculed. It was probably in the paper but we didn't get the newspaper back then. 
I had a totally different kind of sighting years later up near Eastport, MI
A few miles east of Eastport, my daughter and I saw a silver "airplane" no wings, not a blimp, as big as an airliner but more streamlined, solid silver, hanging over a barn about 500-1000 ft away.
Maybe 300 ft up? It sat there. I stopped the car. It started to move slowly. I got out to watch it. When it got about a quarter mile away. It just "disappeared." (I had a feeling like it was a load of tourists just watching us.) That would have been April 1987 (a tornado had hit there at that time.) I wasn't so scared this time. Didn't report it but did talk about it to people.
 My current husband saw one after we moved down here to Florida. On New Years morning about 9:3-9:30 AM, maybe 2005 or 2006. He was on the porch looking at a "funny cloud" southeast of him. He said it was "round," unlike the others. Then it shot straight up and out of sight within a second or few. Scared him so bad he came in shaking and didn't get over it for a long time. 
 So, now we see "reports" on TV and figure there Are aliens of some kind, but not much we can do about it, so pretty much don't get bothered. Only, while one of my sightings and Bob sound like the same thing, the other one that just blinked out? I don't think that was the same kind at all!
 I have been aware of Mufon and may have tried to file a report way back then about the first one but I can't remember. I do remember I sent one to that Project Bluebook when they were closing out. So, there are records of it somewhere.
 Why wouldn't they let us know who they are? Well, when we get into beehives do we ask permission or talk to the bees at all? Probably the same thing.  
 It has given me a more open mind, though. 
But I still don't want them landing in my back yard! At 71, I'd probably have a heart attack..
(By requiring me to fill in formation I no longer remember-exact dates and times, you want me to lie? This information I have written is the Right info. You need to rework the questionaire.)
