{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-27 01:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516843","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41266","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2991,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/843/mufon-5516843.json","updb_database_id":5516843}
{dr}caught on ir security cam

approx 6 yrs ago it was an foggy according to the local weatherman. i went outside and for approx 10 mins observed two white light just above the low fog, chasing each other in a figure 8 pattern. All of a sudden a third object broke away from the original two and made several very large orbits, outa view the returning to the original two. Since that time i have seen these objects 5 times to date, always on a cloudy or foggy night.
Approx 2 years after my first sighting in october we were coming home at dusk when i looked up and say a triangle arrowhead very large, gold color. not reflecting sun light because thesun was behind it out of view over the horizion. The point of the triangle was facing down and it was just sitting there. I also saw a commercial airliner headinng right in its direction just to the right. I know they had to have seen it, because it was twice their size. We arrived home and i ran inside to get my camera, but when i got backout it was gone, the airliner was still in view. All this brings me toe the early morning of the 27th of july 2012. My wife and dogs were asleep as i sometimes stay up late. im retired. At the first part of the week i went out on my back deck which faces due west along I70 when i looked up and thought what a bright star that was. Then i noticed it was moving and nothing else was. I have a 1 million candle power light so i went and got it, trying to get any response. to my supprise I did! I flashed a short version of the fubinachi number sequence and it responded by fluttering like a leaf. This went on wed, thur, and friday nights. We had sone cloud cover coming in and i saw the three friends "as i call them" way off in the distance. my house has a full security system and east/west cameras. On the west side of the house is an IR cam with a 200 range. i pointed the camera up where the bottom of the screen was almost above the the tree tops. allowing for a reference point. shut and locked the doors, set the alarm and went to bed.
the next morn about 7am my dogs needed outside. one went to the back door and hit up against with her paws and the door flew open. this got my attention as i know i locked the doors and set the alarm system. Need more room! i have IR video still in the security system of the ufo changing shape this video is untouched still in the machine. much more to tell.
