{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-26 05:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521843","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34366","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3168,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/843/mufon-5521843.json","updb_database_id":5521843}
Bright light that look like car head lights in the sky.

I read an article on the internet about "Strange Lights over Carson California" and have seen something like what was reported. I live in Carson near Wilmington near 220th street. I lived in Carson for 11 years now and just recently (the last 2 years) I have had a couple of UFO sightings in Carson. One time a 1 1/2 years ago while pumping gas at Arco across from the Sheriff station I saw a red glowing pulsating object high in the sky. It looked like a sighting I saw in Culver City in the early 80s, it was a bright white object that moved like a fire fly high in the night sky. But what concerns me is the recent sightings, which seems to be too close to home. At night (actually morning) about 1am - 5:30am (off and on) there is a strange light that (which source has to be coming from the north) only eliminating in a certain section of my bedroom. What is really eerie, it makes my ceiling fan glow a faint light. When I started looking for the light source I saw this brilliant light in the sky through my window (that resembled 2 car head in the sky) between 2 roof tops. The next day I started to look for possible light source (e.g. street lights, neighborhood light, and power lines) but I could not find a legitimate light source. 

This has been happening intermittently throughout the month. So this morning (12/26/2011 at 5am) when I saw this strange light shining on my wall I grabbed my cell phone and recorded the event about 3 times. Then I found my Cannon camera and recorded better video footage. So all together I recorded the event 6 times. To make sure I wasnt dreaming I woke up my daughter and she looked out my window and she saw the same thing. 

Note: I did what I could to record this event, but the footage is not the best quality because I was recording inferior equipment (i.e., LG cell phone, and Cannon digital camera), plus I recorded the event through my bedroom window which is dirty with finger prints, plus I was trying to record through some aluminum blinds, so there was a lot of jerky movement. I would have gone outside in backyard, but quite frankly I was scared. 

I would like to talk to someone about this before this is published (if it is published) to the public
