{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-20 20:51:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491671","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67890","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4546,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/671/mufon-5491671.json","updb_database_id":5491671}
{dr}Object over Manassas City Virginia- May 20 2015

on the night of May 20th I was traveling home from dinner going to the City of Manassas via the Prince William Parkway. It had rained slightly a little but had pretty much stopped. There were some light thin clouds out but nothing heavy. The traffic was very light. As I approached the city I noticed 2 or 3 airplanes traveling from the west toward the NE probably to Dulles airport some distance away. It was easy to see them as it was dusk out and the sun had almost gone down but it was not dark yet. I noticed the moon rising to my left from the tree line and also the north star above the moon popped out. As I drove on I notice a glinting motion in the sky sort of flittering back and forth from the NE toward the NW. The glinting motion was kind of broken up or seemed patchy. It wasn't real fast but fast enough to notice. It sort of looked like just more stars showing up in the sky. After 2 or 3 minutes the glinting light seemed to show more of a shape and stopped a couple times between motions. That is what really caught my attention to the point it looked very odd and out of place. I pulled over to the side of the road and stopped to see it better. It continued to move sporadically and stopped in front of the moon where I could clearly see a shape. There were no real lights that I could see on the shape but it seemed to shine on one side, almost like a reflection but I could not see anything that would shine light on it. I watched for about 5 minutes and then continued to drive but couldn't stop watching the shape as it moved around and past in front of the moon. I tried to take a few picture on my phone but it was difficult while driving so I pulled over again and watched the shape. I continued to take pictures while I was parked. I believe I was watching for total of about 20 minutes or so total. There was no sound at all but I could never really gauge how far away the object was or exactly how high in the sky. Throughout my time watching the object a number of planes passed from the west moving to the NE toward Dulles airport. A small plane also traveled through the area for SE to NW maybe toward the Manassas Regional Airport. It was very obvious that they were planes as I could see the lights as they approached and the sound of engines grow as they came close and subsided as they moved away. After about 20 minutes it became harder to follow the shape as it moved away from the moon and I started to lose the shape in the dark sky. After losing the shape and not seeing it for a couple minutes I continued to drive the remainder of the way home. The whole way I looked around to try to find it again but could not see it again. When I arrived home I called the non emergency phone number for the Manassas Police Department and asked if anyone had reported strange or odd lights in the area. The woman on the phone said no she had not receive any reports but asked if I wanted a different number to call to report it and I think she said it was a MUFON number. I didn't write it down as I started to feel stupid as if maybe my imagination just got carried away. I scrolled through the pictures on my phone but didn't notice anything except the moon and north stars so I thought it was just my imagination so I went to bed. The next day I could not stop thinking about it again so I looked at the pictures on my phone again and noticed in one picture I did actually get an object that is clearly not a plane, a star or the moon. The object is disc shaped moving right to left and showing the reflective light on one side. The moon is clearly below it in the picture. The object was not in the picture before or after, just this one shot. I have debated about filing a report since the day I saw the image in the picture and have finally decided to tell what I saw.
