{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489671","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69939","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2742,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/671/mufon-5489671.json","updb_database_id":5489671}
{dr}Saw a bright light out west moving east. We got out of car and crouched down. The UFO flew over us very quietly and continued on its way east.

My husband and I were coming home to my parents house, where we temporarily lived, and it was later at night between 11:00 p.m. to 12:00 a.m. We had been over visiting my in-laws and were returning home. We could see as we were pulling up to the house and parking in the driveway a bright light in the west. The light seemed unusually bright to us. As we parked the car in the driveway, we noticed this light/air "craft" was close to us and we crouched down beside the car because we were scared because we didn't know what it was. The light was coming out in front of the UFO, almost like a headlight, which made us originally feel it was maybe a helicopter coming or airplane, but it was very low in the sky which is what made us confused about its identity at first. 

As we crouched by the car, the UFO passed over top of us. It was in a diamond/chevron shape, but the strange thing about it was it made absolutely no noise whatsoever. We thought how strange it was that such a HUGE thing could make NO NOISE at all and make no noise traveling at the speed that it did as it covered A LOT of ground. We saw it in the distance and in the time it took us to pull into the driveway and park, it was basically almost on top of us. It traveled in a straight line never wavering. 

Anyway, it passed over us and continued on its way east. We watched it until it was no longer in sight. It was a moonlit night, so I remember distinctly seeing the outline of the craft as well as it being blacker than anything I have seen before. I believe I could see huge window "shapes" on the side that we saw. We went into the house and explained what we saw to my parents, but never saw anything like it ever again. I was actually afraid to go to sleep that night and the next few nights because I was afraid whatever was in that thing must have seen us. 

My mother had told me that a few years later, she had witnessed a UFO. It was during the daytime and much, much higher in the sky than what we had seen.
