{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510671","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47723","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5598,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/671/mufon-5510671.json","updb_database_id":5510671}
{dr}Ball of light

Okay first I would like to say I have no idea what this was. I can only go by my memory of the event. But the event is still very vivid in my memory. I have never told anyone else about this but my wife. There was only 1 other witness to this phenomenon and unfortunately she passed away in 1999. I only asked her about it one time in my life about this indecent and that was in 1998 I think it was in Sept/Oct of that year. For many years I thought that what I experienced was a dream until me and her talked. She was my cousin and she also experienced what happened. This happened I think it was in 1989 or 1990 I cant be sure. But me and my cousin her name was Aleshia was at a playground that was down the hill and behind her home in a place called the West End housing community. Where the playground stood there is now a home. The entire Housing project was tore down and rebuilt in 2004. It was a warm Summer day and it was approximately 8pm. Me and my cousin were sitting on a set of swings just talking and swinging back and forth. There was a basketball court about 30 feet from the playground. A couple of older kids that lived 4 houses down from my cousin were setting up a ramp made with 2x4s and a concrete cinder-block. They were riding a dirt bike and jumping the ramp. There was 3 of them. I didn't know them personally or know their names. I also have no idea if they experienced what me and my cousin experienced or not. As I was swinging I leaned my head back and thats when I first noticed it. In the distance across the railroad yard was a ball of light and it was rapidly changing colors. It looked to be at a good distance away but within about 5 seconds it was directly in front of us. The glowing ball was about the size of a basketball maybe a little bigger. Me and my cousin both stopped swinging immediately and began to gaze at this object. For some reason she said nothing to me and I said nothing to her. We both were not afraid. I asked her in 1998. Honestly I cant tell you what I was feeling because I felt nothing different then I normally did. As this ball of light hovered about 2 feet off the ground it slowly moved closer to us. I could have reached out and touched it if I wanted to thats how close it was. It was changing colors the entire time. I couldnt tell you all the colors it flashed because there was so many. The ball proceeded to circle in between us and around us 2 times. As this was happening we both didn't move or say a word. It wasnt because we couldnt. I don't know how to explain it. It was like we just didn't seem to care. We didn't follow it with our eyes or anything. The object came back in front of us and suddenly there was a flash of light like a flash of a camera. Then it was gone. For some strange reason neither one of us didn't even acknowledge what just happened. I did notice that right before the flash the sun was just starting to set. Now it was almost dark. We both looked at each other and said our goodbyes and started our way home. My house was only 1 minute away. When I reached my home I seen the clock said 9:12. I remember when I left my house it was right before 8pm. The playground was only a minute away. So i figured about 45 minutes had passed since we seen the ball of light. Me and her had no recollection of where those minutes had went. The guys riding the dirt-bike had packed up there ramp and was gone. Neither of us remember seeing them leave. Back in 1998 was the first time I ever mentioned it to her and even before I could finish my question she finished it for me. She looked at me with big eyes and said I thought that was a dream I had. Well thats what i tried to convince myself all these years,but it wasnt once we compared notes we were both stunned. She was in the process of leaving to go get her daughter during this discussion. She told me we would talk about it at another time because she said she was now scared. Well we really didn't see each other that much and before I got to talk to her about it she died in a car accident. Now over the years I have never mentioned this no anyone. I just thought people would call me crazy. I don't have any memories of anything that happened during our lost time. But as a child before this incident I use to have some crazy night experiences. One thing that I remember was I use to hear knocking in the corner of my house on the roof. I thought maybe it was just my imagination,but this also happened at my grandmothers house also. The knocking was very loud and clear and the last time I remembered it happening was in 1997 at my grandmothers. Well about 8 months ago I told my wife about all of this. And I swear on my child about 2 or 3 days later we heard very distinct knocking in the corner of our bedroom at her parents house where we live. There is more stuff that had happened to me when I was a child but I really couldnt type it all. So thats mt story do what you want with ti but its the truth and I aint crazy or lying.
