{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-24 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484671","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75146","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4747,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/671/mufon-5484671.json","updb_database_id":5484671}
{nd} I was at a campground in N.W. Nevada, sun was down maybe 2 hours ,I was sitting by my camp fire & saw something flashing out the corner of my eye. Looked over to the west & saw bright yellow object flying ,got my phone & got a few seconds of video

I arrived a little after dark at a campground in N.W Nevada. I set up my tent and started a fire ,and did a few other things to set up camp. It was a clear night ,plenty of stars out . After I got everything set up I was sitting by the campfire maybe 20 minutes when something flashing out the corner of my eye made me turn my head ,looking to the west. I could kind of see an outline of some hills/mountains to the west as I looked to where the flashes drew my attention, 2 bright yellow arcs appeared over the top of the hill/mountain . (At first I thought it was 2 objects,I think now it was just 1 ,moving so fast it left a trail ,it made 2 arcs flying above the hill/mountain then diving down then back up I guess) It was a bright yellow object ,NO flames/jets ,the object itself was glowing yellow,strangest yellow ..kind of like a spark shooting up out of a fire,the spark is burning and leaving a trail as it shoots up .I had never seen anything like this, I went to my truck and got my phone and turned on the video to record,I grabbed my chair and was moving it away from the fire to try and sit and get some video if it flew out from behind the hills/mountains ,I wanted to be ready to catch it on video. As I was moving the chair and keeping an eye to the sky I saw a bright orange sphere,it was also to my west,more to the south of the 1st object,I held up the phone to get video of the orange sphere ,and may have gotten a second or 2 of it on video before it disappeared and but as soon as it disappeared a strange white streak appeared and was gone in a second ,I couldn't tell if the white streak was the orange sphere moving incredibly fast or if it was something else .But as the white streak faded the 1st object came out from behind the hill/mountain heading south kind of towards where the orange sphere was ,the bright yellow object did not leave a trail this time ,it was solid yelow from what I could see with my eyes) it appeared to skip ,but after looking at the video a thousand times ,it was actually zig zagging ,but from my point of view it headed south past where the orange object was and then appeared to flash many times and fade from sight .(on video you can see an obect flying into or out of the bright yellow object ,but it's moving so fast I can't tell which way it's going ,I'm only able to catch it on 1 frame ) (After watching the video I was able to see that after it went south past where the orange sphere was then it actually went west away from me fading out of sight . I kept the video going a few minutes after everything was out of sight in case something else appeared . After all of them were out of sight my knees actually buckled and I finally started to breathe again. I sat with my phone in hand in the chair watching the sky for maybe an hour before trying to sleep. 
WHO.. OR WHAT WERE THEY ? WHAT WERE THEY DOING ?
