{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-02-08 06:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455604","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106005","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3891,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/604/mufon-5455604.json","updb_database_id":5455604}
First big giant ball curved across sky above me, then two red pulsating diamond showed up

Ok so it’s been almost a year to the date that I have decided to put my ufo story. This is the SECOND time in my life I have seen multiple ufos at a single time...anyways...I still remember it all clearly I just can’t remember if the date was the 8th or the 15th of February 2019... it has haunted me to this day still I can’t stop thinking about it and now I’m a firm believer that what I’ve seen must be either a UFO or like a UFO dropped off some drones to take samples or something having to do with the river since it hovered over the river then just took off again. I worked alone on night shift for over a year in a train yard doing work on rail cars before they leave the yard. So I remember right after I’d seen this the exact time was 650 am on the truck radio and I get off shift at 8 am and it was still black outside no sun yet had come up...the night was winter time cold maybe around-15ish and clear sky I could see all the stars out. Being on where I was working it’s very dimly lit out so you can see the sky very clear...so I was driving heading east of the yard towards the bridge that crosses the river and out from the S side to coming SE a big white ball came across the sky curving right over me and then disappeared into thin air to my left. It was so fast maybe covered like 20 square kms in a matter of 3 seconds...so after I seen that I thought to myself ok that’s weird, and then I looked up again because something flashy caught my eye I had seen this diamond like pulsating so fast too like 300 times a minute red UFO come horizontally across the same path this white ball UFO just came from...well it was so smooth skimming horizontally across the sky right in front of me I just had to get out the truck and take a look make sure this is really happening...just seconds after I see this another identical red diamond like one shows up the exact same flight path...so I’m watching these two things and they just stop, no noise nothing! They stopped right above the river and just hovered pulsating rapidly for like 2 minutes then they left the way they came from...the last one to show up left first and then the first one left last in the exact same path it had come from!! They left and soon after they went over the river bank I couldn’t no longer see anything...I got back in my work truck and told two other workers if they had seen it but they said no because they were actually watching a train roll into the yard during that time. So now I feel like nobody believes me and trust me I know what I saw. I see these things in my dreams all the time. We are not allowed to have cell phones or anything like that while we r working so I never had the chance to take a picture of it all but I did my best to draw it what I had seen. I just hope there is anybody out there who seen what I have seen to come forward. Validation would be nice so people don’t think I’ve lost my mind. Only my bf partially believes me and everyone else just laughed. It kinda taken a toll on me mentally too. Anyways here’s my pictures.
