{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-10 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504604","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54283","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2811,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/604/mufon-5504604.json","updb_database_id":5504604}
{kt}Light grouping of three moves southward, pivots to change directions and eventially disappears

I live in Louisville, KY and one night in 2010 my wife and I were sitting outside, enjoying the warm summer temperatures (at this point we lived off of Hurstbourne- now we live in the Bowman Field area). We were looking at the sky and witnessed a grouping of three, perfectly spaced lights which were initially still, then began traveling south. The speed varied, as it was slow in the beginning, barely moving, then they sped up. At one point there was a directional change as though they simply pivoted in the sky. That was when we realized we were looking at something entirely different than we've seen before. The pivot then had them facing more of an east-west direction. They just simply stopped and smoothly did a turn from the stand-still. They didn't travel far after their directional change but, while we were watching, one the light on the right simply went dim and the light on the left moved toward the light in the center until they were presumably "one". We didn't make any assumptions as to what these lights were as we watched the now, brighter light fade into the night. It's hard to say, but to paraphrase, I think the flight pattern was this: 3 lights moving Southward, the pivot happened, three lights moving East (toward us, slightly, though not close to us by any means). The right one faded, the left joined the middle, then the joined pair traveled Southwest. It was pretty incredible and we were both in awe for a moment. To this day we speak casually about the "UFO" we saw that night- the fact of the matter is that we weren't hurt. We were filled with a sense of wonder and somehow, it was very peaceful. I believe the stories of those who have witnessed strange lights in Louisville, and I hope that people still look to the sky at night. Louisville's a beautiful city and there's nothing for us to fear.

*I should note that I now live next to a small airport (I did not at the time of the sighting), however I have seen nothing since then that remotely resembles what was in the sky that night. I'm used to seeing aircraft and it is my true belief that what we saw was not man-made.
