{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-10-23 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492604","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66927","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6115,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/604/mufon-5492604.json","updb_database_id":5492604}
{rjl} Three oval shaped disc each the size of a passenger jet, noiseless, up close,detail,in classic fighter formation.

Here is how it started. I was in my backyard enjoying a cool crisp evening sitting in a lawn chair and smoking a cigarette. It was a perfectly clear night and around 50 degrees F. I sat back in the chair and stretched arms out and my head back looking straight up. I spotted a bright star like object moving from north to south and at first I thought it was a satellite. It appeared to be in space then it stops on a dime and then it blinks out to totally dark. I kept looking at that spot and about 10 seconds later it reappeared then it resumed it's path. Satellites don't stop. I went in the house and grabbed my 25 y/o stepson to come outside in the backyard to help me look for more of the same or better. I asked him to look at the western and northern sky and I would watch the southern and eastern sky. He said okay but if we don't see anything in ten minutes I'm out of here. I said okay that's fair so we started scanning the sky. Five seconds later I hear him shout "look man,LOOK". For a couple seconds I thought he was just messing with me but there seemed to be an urgency in his voice. I look over and he is pointing back toward the west. I had to look down his arm to spot them but there they were 3 of them flying single file one closely behind the other. I told him I see them. As they got closer about 5 seconds later they went from single file to a triangular fighter formation so fast if you would have blinked you would have missed it. Now they are almost directly overhead and I would estimate their altitude as 500 to 1000 ft. and their airspeed at 400 mph. We could see the underside of each craft. There was an oval hole in the middle of each oval saucer or disc and outward from that there were slots very similar to looking at a hunter ceiling fan motor housing with the slots to let the heat out. They then made a graceful elbow type turn while flying just inches apart. It was as if one mind was controlling all three disc. As they continued north we were losing sight of the belly of the craft. They each had an erie orange type glow about them. I would surmise about 24 hours later the glow was a reflection off of their craft from the Amber colored sodium street lights on Danieldale blvd. As they got further away they just looked like 3 bright stars then the most incredible thing happened. The craft in the back left position broke formation with a path that looked like a C then stopped at the top of the C and immediately re traced it's path back down the C and back into fighter formation. It gained about 3000 ft. in altitude and came back in about 4 seconds while also traveling forward at about 400 mph. It was the most awesome acrobatic maneuver I have ever seen. I don't think there is any way a human being could have withstood that kind of a G force. We now lose sight of them and look at each other and I said to my stepson "Do you know what we just saw"? He said yeah we just saw 3 extraterrestrial space ships. A couple of seconds later we both hit the deck because an FA-18 Hornet flys right over the top of us heading east. The engine noise from those 2 engines shook the ground. Then we see another jet coming from the southwest then a third Hornet from the west. They join up and start flying south. My stepson and I both said in stereo "hey you are going the wrong way then suddenly they all 3 turn North and light their afterburners. The fire coming out of those engines were longer than the jets themselves. They motor scootered out of there very fast and we lost sight but about 10 seconds later there was a huge explosion that bowed my window glass inward about an inch and it flexed back without breaking. You could also feel this explosion on your feet. I knew right away they had gone supersonic and broke the sound barrier trying to catch these saucers. They hardly ever do that over populated areas. We decided to go back in and watch the 10 pm news to see if anyone else may have reported seeing the same thing we saw. We were watching channel 4 (fox)news and at about 10:22 or so the anchor Clarice Tinsley says they have had hundreds of calls about a large explosion in Southwest Dallas County. She said a live truck is on scene and Jeff Crilley will give us a report after we come back from commercial break. They come back and Jeff is standing in front of a wrought iron gate that said something munitions plant. He says we think there has been an underground explosion here at the plant but we can't get anyone to comment on this developing story. Then Clarice Tinsley says well that's it for this broadcast and if it warrants we will interrupt regular programming to give an up date. Nothing more was reported on that night and there was absolutely nothing about this in the newspaper the next morning. Hensley Field (Grand Prairie Naval Base) was still operational at that time and we think that is where the FA-18 Hornets came from. It's been a little more than twenty years since this happened and it still blows me away. For weeks after this happened it was like a movie reel playing over and over again. It was hard to focus on anythng and finally I said hey you have to let this go or you will go mad. So I deal with it an go about my life knowing without a doubt they is extraterrestrial life out there and if I had to guess how much farther ahead of our technology they are I would say hundreds of thousands of years if not more.
