{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-04-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464604","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96232","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2840,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/604/mufon-5464604.json","updb_database_id":5464604}
{jpg} ufo hovering next to radio tower

My wife and I were going home from the graocery store. There are radio towers close to where we live on top of the knobs in the Ohio River Valley. We were stopped at a stop light facing east, turning north on highway 150 towards greenville, indiana. as i was turning, i looked towards one particular radio tower because i saw something dark in the sky. i looked closer, and it WAS a UFO. i didn't take my eyes off of it until the trees in the foreground started obstructing my view. then i was trying to process this as i drove towards home. we live 3 miles up the road. there is another stoplight 1/2 mile away from the first. i was kind of dumbfounded. i didn't say a word to my wife this whole time. so, when we got to the next light, i did a -u-turn and she said what did you see, or something to that nature. i told her a UFO. i was looking in that direction all the way back to the previous stop light. I could see nothing but tree tops and the radio towers. it was gone. i didn't know anything about when it left, which direction, or if i was crazy. i have never seen a UFO (in the daytime), before or since. i have however seen one at night. i won't go in to that now. 
      I'm not sure exactly when this happened. It was this year and it was late spring, because there were leaves on the trees. So, it could have been late april thru june. I hope someone else seen it so it will corroborate my sighting.
      So, since then, there has been semi-disclosure with the government papers released stating the truth about us reverse engineering alien space ships, or anti-gravity spaceships/aircraft. This ufo had panels, like a man made ufo, it wasn't smooth and streamlined like an alien ufo would be to get through the atmosphere, or travel through space. But I have seen similar ufos. it was circular, with a lot of panels appearing to have been attached together to make a circular aircraft. like rivets i could tell this because of different shades of gray, or metallic. It was just hovering close to the radio tower, from old TV/Radio stations.
    Feel free to contact me anytime. I would like to know if anyone else reported anything. I will look for a picture that is similar to what I saw.
