{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-03-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527604","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28019","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2649,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/604/mufon-5527604.json","updb_database_id":5527604}
I was contacted by the Pleaidiens

March16,2006 I WAS IN MY ROOM, THERE WAS AN ELECTRICAL STORM OUTSIDE, OUT OF NOWHERE THIS INTENSE ENERGY PERMEATED MY ROOM, I was standing at the time watching television,I heard and felt this low humming sound, I was literaly knocked on my ass, everything in my room was alive with light and overwhelming energy,suddenly the television screen changed, there I was me on t.v. then words started forming, You are a dragon, monkey! Again out of nowhere like watching a movie superimposed over my own reality I was literaly shown the creation of life on our planet, a fish crawling out of the water and all the ofshoots of the species, the tree of life.I have never felt such fear in my life! I can only explain this next scenario as thought tranferance. Words started coming in my brain, like a computer being downloaded with information,they said to me, do not fear little one, You are God, we live in you as you! For the next 3 weeks I was in Lucide state of awarness, being shown the secrets of the cosmos. After that my battle for life had begun. I have lost all my hair and have scars like burns all over my body. They conveyed to me that they are testing something on me they called nanomolecular technology. They are here waking us up one by one! The colective event December 21, 2012. when all knowledge of the tree of life will be revealed. What is really crazy is that I was raised Catholic, you have no idea of how difficult this was and is for me, this went against everything I was taught. I suffer silently. Who will help me? I know there is something inside of me. I feel like molten metal, I can literally see the light inside of me, I was imbued with the power of a vemana! I have so much information, please help me, I am on the edge. I am willing to undergo any testing so the truth can be told. I have seen amazing things, so much more than I can state here. Please help me,so I can help others with this new paradigm. I am on the edge. please, please, help me! A child of the light. *(Wit's name deleted--CMS/sg).
