{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-01-29 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548604","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"9346","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3180,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/604/mufon-5548604.json","updb_database_id":5548604}
solid white/green lights arranged horizontally and two then a solid red light vertacally

Ok, well I was on my way to the gas station about 3 miles south of where I live, and I noticed something to the east. I live about 30 miles west of Orlando so there is always air traffic and flashing towers on the horizon. Then as I looked more to the east I realized that what I saw was not an airplane(as there were visible aircraft in the distance) and was not was not a cell phone tower. What I saw at first were two green/white lights aligned horizontally. That appeared to change from green to white, and two red lights aligned vertacally that flashed at first in a regular pattern top to bottom. Well I decided to pull over, and watch from the side of the road. I was there for about fifteen minutes. while I watched the lights seem to move slowly to the north, then slowly to the south. The whole time I had two cell towers and what looked like regular air traffic from Orland International Airport in my view. While the towers are covered in flashing lights, and about 10 miles away, the airport is about 30 miles away. So I had some point of reference to judge the distance of the lights. At first they seemed maybe, 20-25 miles aways as I continued to watch though they seemed much further. After the first 15 mintutes or so I got back in my truck and continued to the gas station. The whole time I could not get a clear view of the east. I filled up and drove back north about a mile, and parked alongside Old Hwy 50 adjacent to the Florida Turnpike. I looked towards the East again and still saw the lights, yet they were a little bit further south. Then once aqain they started towards the north, when they turned they seemed to change. They went from four easily discernable lights to, a solid green horizontal light, and a slolid vertical red flashing pattern. Sometimes the vertical red light was flashing in one complete flash, and then it would flash top to bottom and bottom to top. I do not know what I saw, I do know that I have lived her 24 years and have never seen anything like this. It seem towards the last ten minutes or so to be moving further east, and when I saw an obvious strobe of an air craft it seemed to move away. Every time from the North and the South. Not fast, but not slow either. Like I have stated it moved from North to South, And South to North, over and over again, But went much further South than North. It almost seemed to react with the air traffic around it. I just honestly want to know what I saw. Thank you for reading this and hope to hear from you.
