{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-27 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524604","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31231","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3565,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/604/mufon-5524604.json","updb_database_id":5524604}
Very slow moving edge-on disc shaped object very high in sky- saw 2 extremely bright and 1 less bright slow white pulses

I'm a police detective and have been an officer for over 17 years so I guess you could consider me a 'trained observer'. I'm also a backyard astronomer and was in the process of setting up my telescope when I happened to notice high in the east sky at about 70 degrees what appeared to be a circular edge-on disc shaped object moving very slowly to the north. The sky was completely cloud free and the moon was not out. Very few stars were visible since there was still slight residual daylight and I live in a large city with lots of light pollution. A few seconds after I notice the object it brightened to extremely bright before completely disappearing. When I say extremely bright I mean significantly brighter than Venus when it's out. When the object dimmed out it did so in how an incandescent light bulb goes out, with a lingering fade out. There were absolutely no other aircraft type lights (or other aircraft for that matter) visible. As the object dimmed out I could clearly see that it had a physical shape of a circle or edge-on disc. The object was about the apparent size of maybe a small pea held at arm's length. A few seconds later the object repeated the brightening and fading one more time. The second time I saw it the object had moved maybe the distance between two or three open hands held up to the sky. I opened the back door and called to my wife that I just saw something that I couldn't explain and she came outside. My wife is also a police detective with 10 years of experience and is not really into astronomy. Just as she stepped onto the patio I pointed to where I saw the object and we looked up. A few seconds later we both saw the object again brighten, but this time it was much less bright than the first two times I saw it. I would describe the intensity as just like a 'normal' bright star. The object was further to the north in what appeared to be a linear trajectory from where I had originally observed it. After this third sighting we did not see the object again (and I kept looking). I cannot explain what we observed.
I am familiar with satellite and ISS passes and this did not look like any I have seen in the past. When the object dimmed, it completely disappeared. I then thought it might have been an iridium flare (although it didn't look like any that I have seen in the past) so I checked the Internet for any visible iridium or ISS passes but there were NONE for this evening at about 2100 hrs. The size of the object was significantly larger than a visible satellite or even the recent ISS/shuttle passes. This object was large enough to actually resolve a circular edge-on disc shape and it appeared to be extremely high in altitude. I've never reported anything like this before but it was so completely unexplainable that I felt compelled to do an Internet search on how to report a "UFO".
