{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-02-20 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289604","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113751","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3323,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/604/mufon-5289604.json","updb_database_id":5289604}
Foucity nd Unknown Markings in the snow, that wasn't previously there

We rec'd about 6 inches of snow and ice over the past week, and after 5 days the snow is still on the ground. I worked all week to transport our Nurses to my hospital I work for. Today is Saturday and this was the 1st day I've had a chance to clean off the driveway so my wife could get her car out of the garage. The snow had not been disturbed all week. No tracks or anything in the driveway before today besides my truck tracks. This is very unusual as I have lived here all my life and have never seen snow stay this long.  Most of our water is out throughout the city, but we are one of the few that still has it. So some friends came over to shower and visit. After the husband showered and our wives talked, we went outside to my shop. After a few minutes, I heard some crunching as if someone was walking in the snow. I looked up to see who it was but no one was there, I then looked around at his truck and noticed a distortion as I looked at his truck. But I didn't think anything about it as I just thought it was the heat coming off the truck hood. I said to him I think your wife may have just came out and got something from your truck but I didn't see her. So we then walked inside and talked to both our wives. After they left, I walked to the mailbox and as I walked up the driveway in the snow, I saw a square in the snow, that I thought was very odd, I then took a step and saw a triangle but the snow was not disturbed. I took a few more steps back and noticed many more squares and triangles in the snow very lightly imprinted in the snow as if something very light was placed on it. I called my wife to come out and see, as I couldn't understand what I was seeing. As we stepped back, we noticed it was a perfect half circle, the other part of the circle would have been where my friends truck was. The half circle imprint that was in the snow was in perfect, with triangles, squares, and rectangles that made it up. Our house is only 1 yr old and this occurred over my concrete driveway. The imprint was in a perfect orientation from East to West and North to South. Multiple pictures taken.
