{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-03-27 11:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282068","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121401","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3270,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/068/mufon-5282068.json","updb_database_id":5282068}
Cloud like object in a blue sky. Cigar shaped object flies into it disappears. Sparkles appear around edge of cloud. Then disappears

At 11:30 Sunday morning March 27th I just sat down at my front porch chair to drink coffee. Winds were gusty at 15 to 25. Sky was hazy blue with hazy area to the Southwest near the Newport Beach I noticed the cloud above me at about 70° and circular in shape with a hazy center but a pronounced peninsula within the circle. It appeared to be several thousand feet in altitude.The sun was as straight overhead as it gets probably 20° to the northwest of the cloud Often in the late morning the Marine layer blows in in it usually dissipates above my street. There was no other cloud in the sky. This cloud was stationary. The wind was quite strong and should have dissipated it within 15 to 30 seconds. But it was stationary above me for several minutes. It seemed to swirl somewhat internally but almost like it was oscillating a similar pattern. Above the edge of my eaves an object appeared traveling north to south that flashed bright silver. I assumed it was a private jet and it only flew for several seconds between the eve of my house and to the cloud in my field of vision. My instant thought was" well this will be interesting as if it disappears behind that cloud there must be something there." As I saw the object fly into/above the cloud I realized there were no wings. It appeared to be silver cigar-shaped/edge disc and flashed as it entered the cloud. This occurred over only 5 seconds. As I waited several seconds for the object to appear behind the cloud or on the other side, it did not. Within 5 seconds sparkles started manifesting on the outside edge of the cloud rather like some fireworks that you might see that sparkle and make hard turns in short bursts for several seconds. Then the cloud dissipated within 5 seconds. I like to emphasize that the wind was very strong at the surface. It's hard to tell how high the objects were. Immediately South is the John Wayne airport flight path. . I see aircraft taking off for a fast climb at 700 ft and fly over my area at 2/ 3,000 ft aircraft flying in both directions ,depending on the wind, constantly. I sit on this porch almost every morning for 25 years. I've never seen anything close to this. I do have some private flight (helicopter)experience..
I interpret this to be a cloaked ship from 300ftto 1000k across .The silver object to be private jet size to airliner size.. Our police helicopters appear to fly at 1k feet and this seemed to be twice that height but it could have been 2 to 3 times that height.. Upon reflection I think it was higher altitude .
