{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-11-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478068","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82075","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3092,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/068/mufon-5478068.json","updb_database_id":5478068}
in livingroom,  round white ball, fist sized, pushed thru the blinds at picture window ?took 2 pictures 2 clicking noises,,with its eyes or lens that blinked

This happened extremely quickly.... We were sitting in my livingroom in Bathurst one evening with my 3 teens and pre teen daughter; watching tv;. something,,,, hmmmm,,,it seemed mechanical,,, a small round white ball, fist sized, with black ?eyes, ?lens, moved the old plastic vertical blinds we had in those days.. in 2 locations; this made a clacking noise that both he and I heard;,first on the left of the window then directly in front of where William and I were sitting on the couch, moving the hard plastic slats twice at the front picture window, slipping into the room; and seemed to maybe take a picture of us; we heard a clicking noise,, and it seemed to have eyes or lens that opened and closed.. both William and I saw it come through the closed window and closed window shade slats; and move the blind;; but the kids did not see it or hear it.. he and I immediately turned to each other with huge eyes and said,,, Did you see that... but the kids laughed at us, as all 4 of them were just watching tv on the floor. what ever could it have been.  We jumped up and asked the kids,,, they laughed as he and I went to see if the window was open and neither of the 2 side windows, maybe sliders on the bottom? don1t remember, were open , there was nothing outside and the blinds had hardly moved when this object seemed to come thru them to take a look at us. WE went out the front door next to the window and still did not see anything to give us a clue as to what had happened. I guess we are just special. My sister in Saint John has seen 2 small aliens in a craft watching her in her window, yes,,, they were wearing pink stretchy suits and something on their heads, and she had a best friend who is dead now who was taken aboard a craft many times, instructed by aliens and told something was going to happen and was given a contact number for him to let them know and he would be picked up1 he died a couple yrs ago; before she told me this and perhaps the document he wrote in Greek are gone now,, those were both in the 60s. I will ask the Greek priest who buried him if he still has any documents and will submit them if they are found... I will get her to write you the info on her alien siteing,, my brother and his girlfriend also saw a alien saucer in the Oromocto area, I will ask him to submit their siteing as well.
