{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1972-08-20 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288068","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115301","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2809,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/068/mufon-5288068.json","updb_database_id":5288068}
A flying saucer chased us home. Like in slow motion, but everyone saw it.

We went out to drink beer, drive around and try and cool off. It was hot out. we stopped to visit my horse in a nearby pasture on a hill. It wasn't dark yet when we started but early evening.
The sun went down fast and as we turned to leave the pasture. We looked up the small hill the car was on and it was just there
we couldn't see it at first because the light was in our eyes. My brother flashed his powerful light at it as a joke, flashing it twice.
As we headed for the car it flashed back twice at the same time and way, It stopped us all in our tracks and as the other stood there looking up at it I walked quickly around to the car's other side to see it from the back. When I was out of its light I could see it was tilted down where they stood with a cone shape on the top. It was totally silent no reflections or lights other than the one it had on us
It was like a giant sombrero? Only dark matte metal looking. we got in and drove off it followed us just over the top of the car off to the left
of the driver's side. we tuned into our housing projects apartment and it stayed right across from us. All the neighbors saw it, and it hovered for a long time right over the top of the tennis court. Everyone headed in, Mom came to the door, a neighbor said "Oh my God and went in slamming her door. My brother was in serious shock but call the cops, who never responded. I got curious and decided to follow it. I followed it across the sports field where it stopped and hovered. it then started to jump up and down like a ball and flash green lights beneath it. A could of some mist or dirt?? Rose up around it, it bounced three-time and zapped straight upward in a flash. It was then gone. So quick. i grumbled and wanted it back. I went home and in the house, all were silent, no one would talk they all went to bed. I wanted to talk. I wrote a story about it which is attached and have no more in the line of evidence to give. No one would verify what happened that Nite. Almost all are either not talking or they are deceased.
