{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-29 19:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286068","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117324","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2592,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/068/mufon-5286068.json","updb_database_id":5286068}
Object looked like a submarine flying

I was outside in my back yard and it was still really bright out. I just happened to look up and seen this object that looked like a submarine flying, and it was the shinniest silver I have ever seen in my life. As it was going through the air, an airplane went right by it, like it wasn't even there. At this point I didn't have my phone with me to take a picture and as it was going by the tree in my backyard it was blocking my view of it. So in my head , I said, geee I wish I could see that again. So I'm looking and waiting for it to pass the tree and come to the other side so I can see it again but it never did. When I looked back to where I had orginally began seeing it, it was there. It was like instant replay I was floored. So I yelled for my son to bring me my phone before it reached the tree again. By the time he got the phone to me and I got it pointed upward it had reach the tree. I so wanted a picture or video of this so I'm waiting again for the object to pass in back of the tree, and again it didn't.  I looked back over again and there it was, starting again where I orginally seen it.  All I kept thinking was, this is not happening? how can this happen? I was able to get a video from the beginning, it passed in back of the tree this time and I watched it fly away. There was absolutely positively no sound what so ever. It was so shinny, no plane is that shinny. And the fact that a plane went by it, and I heard that, but the plane acted like it wasn't even there. It was long and had something coming up from the middle of it but had no wings. The videos look like 2 white ovals and something in the middle of them but it was actually a very shinny silver. ONE OF THE CRAZIEST THINGS I HAVE EVER SEEN. TOTALLY AWESOME
