{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-07-01 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503068","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55895","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3958,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/068/mufon-5503068.json","updb_database_id":5503068}
{kt}Claypool Disc Landing

It was summer and me and some other family had just finished playing a game called "ghost in the graveyard". I was about 10 years old and my cousin (the other witness) was about 14. My aunt had called the others inside and me and my cousin were on the opposite end of the cemetery from the mobile home still walking back. He was about 20 to 30 feet from me. I had stopped and was waiting on him as he walked toward me. I was facing south. Suddenly he put his hand up pointing at the sky and said "what's that, look !" I turned around to look north in the direction of his point and saw a large circular disc coming toward us and it went almost over our heads. It was about 100 feet of the ground and about 25 to 50 feet in diameter. It was a light gray color and had the letters "USAF" on the bottom of it on one side and an alpha numeric (letters and numbers) on the other side. At the time it happened I did not know what these letters meant (I was only around 10 years old). I said "it's a flying saucer". After it flew by us it stopped in mid air, hovered for a few seconds and descended to land on the other side of wooded area south of the cemetery. It made an electric humming noise with a slow pulse and a air rushing noise. Not like a heavy jet noise but, it may have hade jet air. After it landed me and my cousin ran over to the fence of the woods and stopped. We could see 2 dark silhouettes get out of it and then saw a red light. One of them appeared to be holding a red light. My cousin went over the fence and thru the woods. I stayed put. He came back, covered in mud, and said it was 2 men in "jump suits". They didn't see him. We went inside and told my aunt and she said we was crazy. She didn't think it possible. I wrote the letters "USAF" on a piece of paper and said that was written on it. She still did not believe it. She would not let us go back and look. We then got her to let us go to my grandmother's house just up the long driveway from there. My father, uncle and some older cousins were playing a late night card game with the TV on in the next room. We told them about it and they didn't believe it. Then, after about a half hour maybe we heard a loud sound outside. We said "that must be it" and one of them ran outside. He came back in and said it's just a helicopter. Early the next morning we ran outside of the trailer to go see if it was still there. In front of the cemetery gate was the town marshal blocking the entrance and two Air Force trucks in the cemetery. At the end of the cemetery was a Air Force helicopter. The marshal told us that the helicopter had engine trouble and had to be repaired. The thing is that the craft we saw was not a helicopter. It was circular planeform disc and had the letters "USAF" in big bold black letters on it's bottom. The helicopter was Air Force blue with the letters "U.S. Air Force" on it's side. Obviously, not the same craft. I know now what the letters mean and this sighting caused me to join the Air Force when I was 18. It is my opinion that this was connected to something like project silverbug or maybe even was silverbug being relocated. I believe it landed and needed a repair and that the helicopter came from Grissom AFB to fix it and the pilots may have seen us and that's why they kept the helicopter there as a cover story.
