Case No. 1505 29032021

Date: March 28, 2021.

Approximate Time: 19:14 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Spring (Northern Hemisphere).

Witnesses: J. F. M., 41 years old.

Description: The informant reported the presence of what he considered an abnormal phenomenon in four photos of a full moon taken in one minute on March 28, 2021, from the city of Bogotá, Colombia.

He described the reported sighting as a white sphere, at a distance he could not gauge, with movements in the sequence of photos.
He ended his testimony indicating that (sic): “Take photos of the full moon without realizing that something was in the sky, I saw it when I looked at the photos.”

The user's location was georeferenced at coordinates 4°
44' 24 N and 74° 03' 19'' W, which corresponds to a residential neighborhood in the northeast of the city Bogotá District Capital, Republic of Colombia. (Figure 1)

                               Figure 1
This defined that the case would fall outside the scope of work of the CEFAA, as it was a report originating outside the borders.
Nationals of Chile.

A preliminary review of the photographs sent as support for the
case allowed the hypothesis to be generated that what was reported
could be of optical origin, which was only verified in the first image.
received. Figure 2 shows that the image has central symmetry and that the reported phenomenon originates from the Moon.

Figure 2

The phenomenon was a parasitic optical artifact caused by
photographing backlit. The incident light traveled through the optical system of
The photographic camera and reached the image sensor. As it was not a
physical object foreign to the camera, it was not seen directly by the
photographer because it never existed in front of him.

Images: The user sent four photographs contained in
files in jpg format. The fourth image is presented below:

Conclusion: According to the case background, what was reported
was a parasitic reflection or "flare". The investigation folder was closed
considering Chapter 1 and Chapter 2, numeral 2b.
(Study of cases occurred or registered in national territory).

Case classified as "Foreign".
