{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1962-08-16 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527879","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27730","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4355,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/879/mufon-5527879.json","updb_database_id":5527879}
2 Silver Discs seen in broad daylight - 1962

Two Silver Disks observed in broad daylight.

The following event took place nearly 49 years ago. I was nine years old at the time of the event. It happened in mid Summer, and in broad daylight. There were two witnesses to the sighting, myself, and a friend that I will refer to as Willy.

At the time, I lived very near one of the largest hills in Haverhill, Mass. We called the hill, Tilton's Tower, because at one time there had stood a large, brick viewing tower atop the hill. The tower was long gone by 1962, and in its place was a large (200 ft. +/-) radio transmission tower, which was used to broadcast our local AM radio station. If it was used for anything else, I know not. The entire hill was otherwise devoid of any houses or buildings. It was a great place for us neighborhood kids to play and explore.

On a bright, sunny, August day, my friend Willy and me decided to hike up to the top of the hill. We had made our own bows and arrows, by bending a branch for a bow, and using the straightest sticks we could find, as arrows. "Come on, let's go to the top of Tilton's Tower," I said, "Maybe we can shoot a rabbit." Willy and I climbed to the top where the grass was nearly waist high. We walked through the tall grass hoping to flush out a rabbit, but alas, the only thing jumping were grasshoppers.

So that we might make some use of our bows and arrows, I got the idea that we could shoot our arrows straight up into the sky, and see whose arrow would go the farthest.

"Okay!", said Willy, "I'll bet mine'll go higher than yours!" We both drew back on our bows and pointing our arrows straight up. "Reday", I said, "Aim... Fire!" "They went about the same height", Willy said. "Okay, let's try it again", I said. So, again we pulled back as hard as we could on our bow strings, pointed our arrows up toward the sky and.... "Hey!" I yelled, "What's that?" I lowered my bow, but kept my gaze straight up, for there in the bright blue sky, was a silvery, shiny disk darting this way and that. "Hey! Do you see that?" "Yes", Willie replied.

The disk was bright silver, perfectly round, and moving in a zig zag pattern, that gave me the impression of the movement of a gyroscope, or the wobble of a top. It tipped slightly, banked, moved forward and side to side. The speed was rapid in its zig zag movements, and it was totally noiseless. The sun was nearly directly overhead (in fact, I recall putting our hand above our eyes to aid in seeing), and it almost seemed to be playing tag with the sun. We stood and watched it for a minute or two. The size was about what a dime would be at arms length.

"What is it?", I said. "I don't know... a Flying Saucer.", said Willie. Suddenly, the first one was joined by a second. "Hey look! Now there's two of them!!" I shouted. The two disks moved close to one another at the same altitude. While their movements were quite erratic, and while they crossed paths with each other, they didn't collide. They both remained pretty much overhead during the entire sighting period. Then... in an instant... they were gone! "They're gone!" said Willy. "Yeah, where did they go?", I asked. We scanned the sky, but the two disks were no where to be seen.

Needless to say, we hurriedly made our way down the hill. I've never forgotten that day. It is something that I haven't discussed much to anyone, although I have asked Willy, and he too remembers the incident quite well. There is no doubt in my mind that the two disks that we both saw were real. Beyond a doubt, these were solid, controlled, flying objects, and could not have been anything else. I consider myself very fortunate to have had this experience.
