{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-04 09:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522879","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33130","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3130,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/879/mufon-5522879.json","updb_database_id":5522879}
slow moving cylinder, watched for 15 miniutes with 10 witnesses, left area before it did

While returning to work in Ann Arbor, Mi from a quick trip to Manchester, Mi. At 9:00 am I was driving east on Pleasant lake road approaching Fletcher road. I was deciding which route back to Ann Arbor to take, continue on Pleasant lake road or turn north on Flecther. When I looked north I observed a flying cylinder about 15' in diameter, 30' tall moving silently and slowly about 1/4 mile up and 2 miles away to the north. I turned north on Fletcher to get a closer look. After traveling 1 mile north on Fletcher I saw a farmer on the west side of the road. I stopped and pointed out the object to him and asked if he had any idea what it might be. He had not noticed the object before I pointed it out, but he did now see it... I confirmed I was not seeing things from my imagination.I took two pictures with my phone then proceeded north on Fletcher to get closer the object was traveling North east at a very slow pace. I pulled into the parking lot of company on this road to get out and take more pictures, it also seemed to be getting closer. Several witnesses from the company of the parking lot I was in were also at a loss for what it might be. We observed the object for 10 minutes in this location. I tried to find the object in the frame of the picture I would take with the camera on my phone, I could not find it. I took 4 more pictures of the sky in the area where the object should have been hoping that it would somehow be there even though I could not see in the pictures at that time. The object was now moving south west and getting closer. at one point the object was about 80 degrees from the horizon about a 1/4 mile above the ground, it seemed very solid, still no noise and moving very slow. I should mention that there were no clouds in the sky, temp in the upper 30's lower 40's and almost no wind. Finally after 15 minutes total observing the object I left for Ann Arbor. Wanted to stay longer, had to get back to work. When i departed the object was still moving slowly to the south west.
When veiwing the photos find the speck near the center and zoom in. Crappy camera, object looked alot closer in real life.
