{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-15 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452879","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108755","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4171,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/879/mufon-5452879.json","updb_database_id":5452879}
Barbell shaped UFO over Surry Hills Addition, Okc, OK

[Links removed] 
I can provide a clearer version of the sketch if needed. 

Hey, I have attached a URL to my YouTube channel of a video I captured with my cell phone. Unfortunately, by the time I started my video camera, the craft began to travel away from its stationery hover position. The thumbnail on my video is my sketch of the craft. I also attached 2 aerial photos showing my stationery position, 500ft to the East, and the other aerial shows the direction of travel of the craft once it left the hover position over the Church of LDS.

I contacted MUFON around this time, but I refused to disclose my name, therefore they acted as if they couldn’t take me serious. BTW, I am an FAA Licensed Private Pilot (helicopter rated), so I know a little about flight operations and characteristics, especially those craft that fly low and slow. MUFON was unable to make anything out of my video, because besides being a poor quality video taken by myself while driving a stick shift Corvette, it only periodically shows the flashing rear red lights (large triangle pattern), See the lights at 3 to 30 seconds, flashing every second (middle right of screen), then at 29 to 34 seconds (middle left of screen), and at 1:15 to 1:19 (middle).  

At around 11:00pm one night in mid November 2015, I was driving North on Hastings when at Coachman Rd I noticed what appeared to be a large fixed wing passenger plane coming in for final approach to Sundance Airpark runway 36 which is located within 1 mile to the NE. I didn’t pay much attention to it, and also noticed a white male jogger at that same intersection who looked back at the craft as well, so I know there was at least one other witness. I continued North on Hastings and stopped at Surrey Hills Blvd where the craft had quickly ascended from an altitude of around 500+ft AGL to a hover around 75ft AGL and directly over the gold LDS horn blower steeple statue (the logo of LDS). The craft began flashing several large lights (located flush in the belly and over 10ft in diameter each) in varied patterns of colors normally associated with the old color projection television sets (red, green, blue, etc), which really got my attention. I was so mesmerized that I failed to start my phone camera……..either that or something else kept me from engaging my camera. The craft appeared to be at least the length of the LDS building (190ft appx) and about 4-5 stories in height. My outstretched hand holding a cantaloupe would have barely covered the craft, from 500ft away. The craft made no engine noise whatsoever, except for sporadic compressed air sounds (perhaps bow thrusters – not the same sound that hot air balloon igniters make). When I finally engaged my camera video and looked back, the craft had departed from hover and travelled directly over Surrey Hills Blvd in a Westerly direction. I followed at 30mph until I ran out of road. I estimate the craft was 100-200 AGL and travelling no more than 40 to 50mph. All the while making no noise, and only had a large triangular pattern of red lights slowly flashing at the tail. Note that lighter than air craft have no propulsion or motors, as they travel with the wind.  I first thought this had to be a drone or lighter than aircraft, however, how could that be true when it was the size of a large building? Besides, you have to have special permission to operate a drone at night, and I do not believe a “Lighter than Air” craft can operate at night without being tethered to the ground.
