{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-15 22:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287879","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115493","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2724,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/879/mufon-5287879.json","updb_database_id":5287879}
Light Cylinder observed moving across the sky

WITNESS 1
Shortly after 10:30PM in the clear, Northwest sky I observed what appeared to be a streak of light moving across the sky to the east. Initially I believed it was a piece of re-entering space junk but quickly abandoned that notion when the streak did not change in intensity as I would expect from debris or a meteor. It slowly moved from west to east at a constant speed and course. When it was directly north at its closest point, I thought I observed a very low hum but it was difficult to tell with the other sounds of the city. As it moved to the east, I expected to see it fade away as multiple other satellites and the space station had done that night but the light it emitted never decreased which led me to believe that the object was within the atmosphere and was generating the light itself rather than reflecting it. It maintained course and speed until it passed behind local trees and I could no longer see it.

WITNESS 2
Saturday night I observed what I thought was a wisp of cloud which seemed weird because it was a very clear night. At first it seemed like a spiral but became more solid over time. It was very still, like a whale going through the water. It seemed to be flying at an altitude that jets would normally travel but was far more massive than any jet. I did not observe any sound or changes as it passed by. It was a very calm night and very clear. We had observed a number of other satellites previously that night and I do a lot of skywatching. I have seen Skylink before. This was unlike anything I had ever observed. Eventually it got to a point where I could no longer observe it and it was too late to leave the house.
