{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-06-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480879","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79166","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2898,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/879/mufon-5480879.json","updb_database_id":5480879}
{cak} 2 invisible round objects followed me on the I-80. They did cast a shadow.

I lived in California from 2000-2006. In 2004 I lived in Fairfield,CA
in a small apartment. I think it was a weekend but I am not 100% sure.
I planned to drive to Dixon where my Dad and my girlfriend used to live.
(I used to live there too for a few months)

It was a sunny day (its always sunny there all summer long) and I was driving on the I-80 east towards Dixon. A while after I had passed the hills between Fairfield and the Sacramento valley I noticed something to the right of me. I was like usual driving on the right lane, the slow lane to save fuel and keep my old motorcycle from breaking (It was an old Suzuki GS1100E I think).
About 15-25 feet away I could clearly see two perfectly round shadows next to each other on the ground(in the dry grass). The edges were somewhat blurry and towards the center, the shadow was as dark as the shadow of a solid object.
At first, I was very confused and was wondering if these where birds shadows but after looking up in the sky I couldn't see any birds or any other object.
The shadow of my motorcycle was to the left of me since the sun was up high to the right. 

I then slowed down and the shadows also slowed down without any delay and when I accelerated again the shadows also accelerated without any delay. They kept the exact same speed as me.
Those were clearly shadows of 2 objects and not some kind of illusion and I could watch them for over 15 minutes while I was driving. Shortly before Dixon they disappeared....I am not exactly sure when since I also had to watch the traffic and road while I was driving.
The 2 shadows were a little bit bigger than a basket ball.

That time I also was not afraid at all and was watching the shadows somewhat faszinated and as if it was the most normal thing in the world that some type of invisible objects are flying next to you.

My motorcycle back then was a red superbike without any chrome on it. So what I have seen was not the strange reflection of some parts of my motorcycle at all.

I have the feeling that this technology (or creatures) are possibly even older than the Universe we know about. I can't even imagine how something
can turn invisible or vanish infront of you without a trace.
