{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-12-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492879","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66645","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":18077,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/879/mufon-5492879.json","updb_database_id":5492879}
{cak} A flying saucer or disc with rotating windows in center of its structure hovered over bank building.

This sighting occurred when I was about 7 years old. My parents and I went on a drive to Danielsville, PA, which is about 10 miles from our hometown of Slatington. My father had to pick up deer meat that he had gotten processed from a deer he had shot during hunting season. The location where the meat was at was in a dark, semi- rural area. I remember it was so dark that it seemed kind of spooky. My mom and I waited in the car while my dad went in the place to get the meat. It seemed like we waited in the car for around 40 minutes to an hour before my dad returned because he had been talking to someone for a while inside. We then began to drive back home. I do not remember what the weather was like this night as far as temperature, or if it was cloudy or anything like that. However, I do remember that there was no snow on the ground, andvisibility was good and clear. As we were driving on route 946, a couple miles east of Slatington heading into the town of Walnutport I became board, so I turned around in the back seat and began to look out the rear window of our car. As I was looking out the window, I noticed a single white light which I assumed to be from an aircraft. The light did not appear out of the ordinary in any way. The aircraft seemed to be at least two thousand feet in altitude, and about a half mile behind us. I did not think anything of it at the time. I just thought that it was a normal aircraft that happened to be going in the same direction as us, so I did not say anything about it to my parents because I had seen airplanes at night before. As we were coming to the end of route 946, the road curves downhill and ends at the intersection of route 145 in the town of Walnutport, PA. At the intersection, which is about a mile from where my house was at the time, there is a pizza restaurant on one side, a Burger King across from it, a McDonald1s restaurant on the opposite side, and a small bank building across from the McDonald1s. There is also a shopping center with a small strip mall adjacent to the restaurants and bank along the highway, which has plenty of vehicle traffic the majority of the time, but usually not late in the evening. 
   When we reached the intersection, my mom decided that she wanted a coffee or something from the McDonald1s restaurant before we headed home. At that time I had stopped watching the aircraft light that I had seen behind us because the trees along the road obstructed my view of it. I then did not look for it anymore as we pulled into the McDonald1s parking lot, nor did I even think anything more about it. That night the roads and the McDonald1s were almost totally empty. I remember barely seeing any other vehicles on the road from the area where my dad picked up his deer meat, even until we got home. Looking back at it, I think that was probably because it was on a night other than a Friday or Saturday when people are mostly home for work or school the next day. I believe it was sometime between 7:00 p.m. and 8:30 p.m. when we pulled into the McDonald1s. I distinctly remember that we were the only people at the drive through, and that it took a while until someone came to the first drive through window to take the money for our order, even though the restaurant was pretty much empty. As we were waiting, I was sitting in the middle of the back seat of our car, staring straight ahead out the windshield. We were facing south towards the area near a small bank building just on the other side of the street from the McDonald's, which was no more than 100 yards away from where we were, next to the intersection we had just come through no more than a minute prior. Then, seemingly from out of nowhere, a flying saucer aircraft measuring somewhere around 20 feet in diameter came drifting slowly over from the direction of that intersection, and was only a few feet higher in the air than the height of the traffic light poles, while moving in a level, linear path at no more than about 5 to 10 mph. The saucer then came to a stop over the center of the bank1s roof at approximately 25- 30 feet above the ground and began to hover. It maintained a steady hover over the bank for about 30 seconds at what looked like only two or three feet above the bank1s roof. That bank itself is similar in size and height of an average fast food restaurant, so it is pretty small. That saucer was so low that someone could have easily threw something at it and hit it with no problem. If someone would have been up on the roof of the bank at the time they could have easily touched this aircraft. 
  This flying saucer was not one of those flat, sleek looking types. It was the more thickly structured kind resembling the shape of a classic toy top. I saw it from the side, so the center section of the saucer looked slightly curved as if it were the side of a commercial jet1s fuselage bent into a circle, or like looking at the side of a very large inner tube. The top and bottom of the craft were not visible to me because it was dark, but the bottom appeared to be flat and the top was slightly thick looking with a spinning ventilator-like device on the tip. As far as any sound it produced, I did not hear any sound coming from the craft from where I was. It was able to fly just like how 1fictional1 flying saucers are supposed to fly; seemingly perfectly, because it of course had no wings, no rotors, and no visible or audible means of propulsion. Whatever powered this thing had to be something new and different, because it seemed to defy all convention principals of flight and physics. Since it was night time, the skin of the saucer appeared to be black in color, similar to the appearance of a stealth aircraft. Its size dimensions seemed to be approximately 15- 25 feet in diameter, and about eight or nine feet thick from top to bottom. It had seven or eight windows around the center circumference of its body or hull, which were spaced about two feet apart from each other all the way around. The center part of the saucer (with the windows) also slowly revolved around counter-clockwise the entire time. Oddly, the craft1s windows appeared to be shaped exactly like the side passenger windows of many commercial airliners, such as those on a Boeing 747, and seemed to be about 2 and a half to three feet in height each. The saucer was lit up with a bright white light source in its interior, which lit the windows up so brightly that nothing was visible through them from where I was. Since the body of the saucer appeared to be black in color, it blended in with the night time background like it was a stealth aircraft. The only thing that made it really visible or recognizable was the fact that all of its windows were lit up and rotating. 
    Although it was dark out, and the craft was dark in color, I was still able to see a reasonable amount of detail of it due to its windows being illuminated, as well as because the area where it was hovering in place was lit up fairly well from some street lights and businesses close by. I was able to clearly see that there was also an unusual spinning device on the center of the saucer1s roof. It reminded me of the rotating ventilators on the roofs of some houses and buildings that have louvers or scoops on them. However, it did not appear as though it was shaped like the ventilators usually found on a house or building. It looked more cylinder shaped, similar to a can of soup. I could tell that it was spinning around because I could see vertical vent holes or scoops moving by on it. The device was also moving around faster than the body of the saucer was. About 30 seconds after the saucer first stopped in mid- air to hover, it then started to slowly move away from over the bank about 10 seconds before my parents and I started to pull up to the second drive through window of the McDonald1s. As the craft was approaching a store1s loading dock, directly across from the bank that it had just hovered over, the white light source that lit up its windows went out and a single small red light on its rear that double blinked about every three seconds was its only light source from then on. I do not remember if that small red light was on from the very beginning of this sighting or if it first came on at the point when the windows went dark. Anyway, the red light really struck me as exactly matching the appearance of an anti-collision type of light that normal aircrafts have on them, except it seemed to stay off twice as long in between blinks in comparison. From that point on, it was flying totally blacked out, except for that small red light.
    As we left the McDonald1s, we pulled out onto the main street leading into the town of Slatington. At that point we were about 200 yards behind to the right of where the saucer was. We did not get parallel to the craft again until we crossed a set of railroad tracks half way in between where our house was and the McDonald1s we had just came from. As the saucer was flying close to the side of us again at one point, I could see that the small red light on its rear was mounted slightly off of the back of its body or hull. I could just barely make out that it had some sort of a tail fin or something that protruded off the back of it by about two or three feet. I could not see what it was exactly because the craft was now almost invisible in the night time darkness. In fact, had it not have had that blinking red light on it, it would have been like the ultimate stealth aircraft because it would have been almost totally unnoticeable to the naked eye even at very close range due to how it blended in with the night sky so well. I think I would have lost sight of it at the point when it made its illuminated windows go dark had it not have had that small light on it. That light was actually the one thing that was a bit creepy about that craft, besides the fact that it was a real flying saucer of course, because it made it appear to be just a normal aircraft in the sky even from a reasonably close distance away. 
    I watched the UFO for the entire five minutes it took to get near the town of Slatington1s police station, which is about a mile from the McDonald1s and just down the street from our house at that time, where I then had to stop watching it because it was gradually starting to gain altitude and was getting too far away. When I stopped watching the saucer, it was heading west toward the neighboring town of Friedens, PA. During this entire sighting, the saucer never tilted or pitched its body up or down at all like a helicopter would when flying forward, or after being in a hover and then beginning to fly forward, nor when it started to gain altitude. It remained level in flight the entire time. The saucer also never flew faster than 30 mph, or higher than about 100 feet above the ground from the time after it stopped hovering over that bank to just prior to when this sighting ended. It was only after entering the town of Slatington that it began to slowly gain altitude from then on. As far as the speed it had been traveling at is concerned, I know that it was only flying at around 30 mph between the McDonald1s and my house because we were keeping pace with the craft with our car when it was directly parallel to the left of us for a brief time. 
    One of the things that puzzles me is where this aircraft came from just prior to when I first noticed it from my position at the McDonald1s that night. It seems there are two possibilities: one is that it followed our car from where my dad went for his deer meat or from somewhere close to that location, all the way until we got to that McDonald1s restaurant. This would mean that it was likely that aircraft light I saw behind us about a minute before we reached the McDonald1s. Since we stopped there, the craft came down low and did what it did. A second possibility is that the saucer was over near a patch of woods across from the intersection adjacent to the McDonald1s and it came over from there, but I don1t know for sure. However, it does make sense to me that this craft was following our car for some reason, because when we were at the drive through window, we were on the side of the McDonalds not visible from the direction that the saucer had come from. It really seems like that craft knew we were there and stopped to hover over that bank as if it was observing us or waiting for us to start driving again. Maybe since it took us kind of a long time at the drive through it gave up its interest in us, I don1t know. 
    Another strange thing was how I reacted when I first saw this UFO, as well as during the rest of the sighting. I did not get all excited and yell to my parents to look at it or anything like that. Instead, I actually did not say a word to my parents while this sighting was going on, therefore they did not even see it! The reason why I did not say anything was because my immediate thought was that this was an alien spacecraft and that it could do something to us; so I kept my mouth shut because I immediately got the fear that my dad would try to get the craft1s attention or something if he noticed it, and I was afraid of what it might have done as a result. However, that was the only thing that I was afraid of during this sighting. As the saucer was flying slowly away blacked out, I was not afraid anymore, even as we were driving pretty close to it at one point, because I knew that it was going away and that there was no longer a chance that my dad would see it. At the time, I only knew what a flying saucer was from watching fictional television programs and cartoons. I only knew that they were supposed to be associated with aliens and that people laugh and don1t believe they are real. No one in my family, nor myself, had ever discussed or even knew of anything about the subject of UFOs at that time. My mom had seen a flying saucer as well during the 1970s, but I was not aware of that either at this time. During this sighting, I actually just kept looking at this UFO like it was not really something that out of the ordinary.
  Even though I did not bring this UFO to my parents1 attention during this sighting, it really amazes me how they did not see it, especially while we were at the McDonald1s drive through. It only hovered over that bank straight ahead of us for what seemed like 30 seconds, but if you were looking straight ahead from where we were, there is absolutely no way that anyone could have missed seeing it. I remember that my dad was looking up at the drive through window waiting for someone to come to it since the workers were taking so long, so that was probably why he missed seeing it. I believe that my mother was either looking at the drive through window as well, or looking through her purse at the time, but I don1t really remember. 
   It was really out of pure luck that I even saw that flying saucer at all, because I know that I would not have seen it had it not been for my mom wanting to stop at that McDonald1s restaurant. Had we have driven directly home, I am positive that I would not have seen the saucer at all because we were ahead of it by at least 30 seconds, if it was indeed that aircraft light I saw in the sky behind us before we reached the McDonald1s. As far as that flying saucer being for real is concerned, I have absolutely no doubt that it was. It was just as real as if you would see a helicopter come down low to the ground from a hundred yards or slightly less away, hover, then fly at a low speed and altitude across town. It is impossible that this craft could have been a hoax of any kind mainly because it was way too large and complex to be a hoax. Since the saucer was about the same size and volume of a two car garage, and definitely appeared to be made of metal, it had to have weighed at least 1,000 pounds. It also flew like it was powered by something totally new and unknown to the general public.
    The closest thing to a known man-made aircraft that would match the flight characteristics of this saucer to would be a blimp or hot air balloon. However, that saucer could not have had a fabric or canvas skin. It had to be made of metal because it had moving parts. The entire center section of the craft1s hull revolved around at a constant speed, and it had that spinning ventilator- like thing on its roof as well. Plus, it changed its rate of speed a bit more quickly than a blimp or hot air balloon could, as well as flew in a very stable, level flight path. It flew very steady and precise as if someone was physically inside piloting it. It most certainly was under some kind of direct intelligent control due to the way it flew so close to things and stopped to hover.
    I have looked at every close range photo I could find of flying saucers on the internet, and the only photo that seems to closely match this craft is a daytime photo from Kazakhstan, which was taken in April of 1995 (See it in the examples of the best UFO photos from the 1990s at [link removed/CMS/dr]. In closing, I should add that I also had two other decent UFO sightings as well in the same area as this sighting, Which were a yellow ball of light descending to ground level around the year 1997, and a sighting in 2006 of a large egg shaped object which hovered motionless in the distance during the daytime.
