{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475879","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84391","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2790,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/879/mufon-5475879.json","updb_database_id":5475879}
{cak} Witnessed and filmed UFO on or about 4:00 A.M. on Wednesday, June 14, 2017.

June 15, 2017

On Wednesday morning, June 14, 2017, at approximately 4:00 A.M., I was up early and took out my trash to the dumpster in our apartment complex. I noticed a very bright light in the Eastern sky. I did not have my glasses on, so I went back into our apartment to get my glasses, camera, camcorder, and binoculars. I looked through the binoculars and noticed that it was not a plane, helicopter, balloon of any kind, meteorite, comet, planet, moon, star, reflection, or anything that I had ever seen before. I woke up my son and Fiance so they could witness the object with me.
 I started filming it with my camcorder. I had forgotten to set the time ahead one hour on the most recent Daylight Savings Time, so the camcorder time read about 3:00 A.M. instead of the actual time of about 4:00 A.M. Even though my camcorder is a very inexpensive camcorder, I managed to get several closeups which show a very compelling view of the object. Since I do not have a tripod, I tried to hold the camcorder still as best I could. The best way I can describe the object is it looked like there had been a circle, and approximately a one-quarter slice of the circle had been removed. 
 The object would appear like a diamond at certain points, and appear to retract into a smaller size, and appear more distant, then, suddenly, it would expand into a larger shape, and appear to be closer. The object, (when I would zoom in on it), would appear to glow and pulsate, (somewhat like a heartbeat). The surface also appeared to have several patterns and shapes like craters, mountain ranges, and various other patterns. The color, (most of the time), looked like it was a huge chunk of plaster, (but with various shapes and patterns on its surface.
 There also appeared to be a green outline around the object. I also observed what appeared to be a black or blue object that passed in front of it. At one point, (for about two minutes), another object appeared into the frame of my camcorder. It appeared to be a bright, orange color, and appeared as if it was another type of shape of which I could not identify.
