Case No. 1016 18122019

Date: October 12, 2019

Approximate Time: 13:40 local time.

Weather:

                                  N/A

Season: Spring.

Witnesses: P. H. B., 61 years old.

Description: The witness reported the presence of an aerial phenomenon
in a photograph taken around 13:40 (HL) on Saturday, October 12, 2019.
In his report, the user indicated that the event had occurred at the
"Border between Chile and Argentina," near Icalma, Lonquimay commune,
Region of (untranslated due to context).
Araucanía and, in addition, that the image had been taken by his
wife.

This person stated that, while he did not notice at the time of taking
photos of the landscape, in one of them he found what he described as a
bright object, in the shape of a plate, silver, and about two kilometers
from his location. He also indicated that the reported object was above
Lake Aluminé and that, upon observing the enlarged image, he interpreted
that the reported object left a trail and that "they seemed to be two
objects."
The reported location was geographically studied, determining that Lake Aluminé is located in the province of Neuquén, Argentine Republic.

On January 7, 2020, CEFAA received four photographic files in JPG format.

The analysis of the information contained in their metadata allowed to prove that three of those photographs were taken with the main camera of a Nokia cell phone model 6, between 20:59 and 21:01 (HL) on the reported day, and therefore, were not material of the event.
Reported, not photographs of the screen of another device showing what was intended to be reported.

Images: Four JPG format photographs provided by the user, presented below.

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the report and the photographic studies of the provided background, it was determined that the reported aerial anomaly was a reflection.

However, it was verified that the incident occurred in the territory of the Argentine Republic, so the case was closed according to
point 2b (Study of cases originated or registered in national territory) of the Technical Instruction Procedure, Research Times, Background Reception, Executive Report Preparation and CEFAA Report Archive.
