{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502054","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56968","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2714,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/054/mufon-5502054.json","updb_database_id":5502054}
{cak} Saw about 5 large bright white objects come in at an angle and appeared to land.

My husband and I were at the McDonalds drive up window picking up our order. My husband was driving when something caught my eye out my window to the right. Looking South to SE I saw about 5 white glowing balls of lights that appeared to be objects. The were coming at a slanted position as if they were in formation with the largest one landing first and the other one's following same path line.

When I first seen them I yelled look at my husband so he too witness them. There could have been six of them it's hard to remember. They appeared to be landing several miles from us but not over 5 miles. My husband looked at the girl waiting on us at the window and said, "did you see that?" She stated, "yes, I don't know what that was and I want to know what it was!"

I told my husband let's go home and watch the news that was just too many objects coming down and landing for other people not to have seen that. That night on the news they said a lot of people in Eastern Kansas City had seen some lights and they checked it out and it was just outer space junk coming down and burning up in the atmosphere.

My husband is a pilot so I laughed at what they were saying and I asked him if he thought what we had seen was space junk burning up. He said, "hell no, not unless space junk flies in formation and comes in like it is landing. I agree with him it did not look like random space junk coming down and I am convinced it was ufo's landing out in a wooded area just South of us.

The really strange thing about this case is that 13 years earlier my brother saw a ufo land in the same general area. Looking from where I saw these lights land was as the crow flies, the same direction as my brother's sighting only 13 years later! Due South of my sighting would have been around 6200 George Kansas City MO. There was and still is a lot of woods in that area. My brother's Mufon case # is 56962. I am now a Mufon field investigator and felt even after all these years I should report the case because of it's strangeness.
