{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-14 18:56:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513054","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45232","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3258,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/054/mufon-5513054.json","updb_database_id":5513054}
(GS) Flash of green light caught my eye, observed stationary object briskly strobing different colored lights vertically, then horizontally. 4 people observed 6 objects in total.

6:58 1/14/13...Sebastian, Florida - observed by 4 adults, two different households. Duration 2 +/- hours Area Sebastian/Vero Beach

I was walking out to my truck to retrieve my note pad when I saw a green flash of light coming from the sky. When I looked up to the south east, I saw a very bright white light with flashes of other colors behind it. At first I just stood there trying to get a grip on what I was seeing. The object, when bright, was the size of the end of a pencil/eraser and it wasnt moving. After waiting for movement, which was after 10 minutes, I called for my husband to come and see what I now was beginging to believe wasnt normal.

When my husband saw the bright light, immediately he felt it was a helicoptor, but then I asked him to wait and watch for a while. The object made no sound and the only sound that we did hear were dogs barking from everywhere. As we both stood, waited and watched the object, we noticed that the strobe became more rapid, with indigo blue/violet, green,red,amber colors and these lights appeared to be in a vertical bar like structure. As the strobe became more rapid, the bar of lights moved into a horizontal position. My husband no longer called it a heliocopter and went to the truck for our binoculars. 

As we continued to observe this object, we caught another flash of lights from another objects and they too had rapidly flashing lights. My husband decided to get two additional neighbors to come out and observe the lights in the sky; we counted a total of six UFOs with strobing lights, but not as bright or active as the first two.

During the time we were pointing the objects out to our neighbors, I caught a glimpse of a craft, closer to us, that didn't appear to have any navigation lights on;I saw that at tree top level. I observed this object during a time when the strobes became extremely active. At the same time  my husband observed a meteor come in while this was all going on, but I lost site of the object; it went behind the trees.

1-15-13 7 pm., The same lights are in the sky, a little different placement, no meteors, few dogs. Last night, we took our patio chairs out to the front of the house. The objects remained in place, with strobe lights, and our observation was....they stayed stationary, but they moved, as the stars moved, during the earths rotation. We did pick up an additional witness to the two day observance....total of 5 witness to the strobing lights in Sebastian/Vero Beach.
