{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-25 11:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482054","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77913","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3101,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/054/mufon-5482054.json","updb_database_id":5482054}
{jpg} Discovered object when observing a photo that I had taken earlier

I observed the object after I got home and was looking through some pictures I had taken earlier that day. I did not observe the object with the naked eye.
The pictures I took were late in the morning of 7-25-2016.

I was at an observation point in Brownington Vermont, high on a hill taking random pictures with my 20.1 megapixel Nikon KoolPix. It is a mountainous, forested area. The picture in which the object appears was taken facing North towards Lake Memphremagog. I did not see the object when I took the picture, and other pictures that I took of the same area and at the same time do not show the object.

The day was cloudy and overcast but not raining or foggy. Temperature was about 83 F, fairly humid, and light breeze.

I brought my camera home with me after I left the area, about a 40 minute drive. When I got home I hooked the camera into my laptop to look at the pictures I had taken. It was at that time that I discovered the photo with the object in the upper left hand corner of the shot. 

I would estimate that I was about 10 miles away from the lake that appears in the photo. There is a small airport to the left of the area that appears in the photo, also about 10 miles away. I did not observe or hear any aircraft during the time I was taking pictures. I did not see any birds when I was taking pictures.

My initial reaction to seeing the object in the photo was that it was a bird or an airplane that had somehow gotten into the shot. But as I looked more closely at the object in the photo, and zoomed in on it with various magnifications, it did not appear to be either a bird or a plane. But I could tell that it appeared to be a solid object of some kind in the distance. Again, I did not see the object with the naked eye, but only when I got home and was looking through the photos I had taken.

I certainly have no interest perpetrating a fraud by sending you this photo and information. I would just like to get an informed opinion as to what the object in the picture could be. If you have any questions or need any further information please do not hesitate to contact me.

I was not sure how to fill out some of this reporting form since I did not see the object with the naked eye, but only by observing a photo that I had taken earlier.

Thank you for your time and consideration.
