{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-02 23:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476054","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84209","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2308,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/054/mufon-5476054.json","updb_database_id":5476054}
Bright starlike light withy 4 beams of white light projected out at 45deg. traveling Sw to SE, stop then go S. then quickly disappear.

Well I never in my wildest dreams thought I would ever report something like this but here it is..
On the night of Friday, June 3, 2017 I was getting ready for bed. We live on an acreage with no close neibours. I went to our bedroom with the lights out to close the curtains and noticed a bright white light with 4 spheres of light radiating out from the centre at 45 deg. angle. All four lights were exactly the same length and thickness. Our bedroom window point south. The object was moving at a fairly slow speed from SW to SE. It was a very clear night with the moon very bright just above the object in the sky. 
At first I thought it was a very bright satellite. I call my wife who was in the kitchen to come and see this. We both stood there watching this and could not determine what it was. I said I needed to go outside to see if I could hear anything. We both ran to our south facing deck and the object slowed. It then changed direction and went straight south for about 5-8 seconds and then just disappeared. There was no sound whatsoever. 

All we can say is that was weird and we have no explanation as to what it was. I know what it wasn't, it wasn't a helicopter, or a plane. We get little to no air traffic over our house and given the fact that there was no sound emitted from the object. Just can't get it out of my head.. I am 58 year old professional and I have no explanation of what we seen that night.
I thought of getting the camera but I did not want to miss any of it and before I knew it it was over.

Just thought I would share the experience.
