{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-07 19:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481054","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78985","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4235,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/054/mufon-5481054.json","updb_database_id":5481054}
{nd} Glowing Ghost Plane UFO

Sitting in a chair in the front yard my home in south Carson City Nevada at 7:50pm watching the cat watch the quail, I observed a slow moving object in the sky to my right approaching from the east what I thought was a strange looking plane. It was moving unusually slow for it's size. It first appeared extremely shiny silvery metallic at the wings almost mirror-like but very dark almost pitch black in the center. It looked flat from wingtip to wingtip, no roundness in the center and I could not see the entire left wing side for some reason. I found it to be very strange that I could not focus on this object with my own eyes and I do not wear glasses. I looked down and rubbed my eyes for a moment. I looked up at it again and it was slowly turning to the south and west with a slight decent the further out it went. As it turned it began to glow very bright white. I have seen thousands of planes in the sky, I am a former ultralight pilot and have always had a fascination with all things that fly but I have never before seen any plane that glowed as brightly as this. Normally metallic planes will gleam or glimmer in the sunlight at dusk but this was no gleam or reflection, the entire object was glowing constant. At this point I needed to get this on video. I quickly pulled out my new Samsung S7 phone I've only had for a week or so, I set the video to record and did my best to stay calm and try to get best different zoomed views. By the time I started recording it was already heading out of view. Then, it just so happens, a Southwest airline flies over it from the south inbound for Reno. This is a common route for planes to take going into Reno depending on wind directions. It was a very windy day and as slow as this object was moving it couldn't be any civilian drone. Most drones are rotor craft and can't fly in high winds. There was never a clear definition as to what exactly this thing was. Closeups from the video shows a tail but no stabilizer, no propellers, no rotor blades, no signs of jet motors, no nose cone, nothing forward of the "wings" at all, which appear to be ball shaped. I lose sight of the object as it passed low over the top of my house. There was no sense in chasing it to the backyard because the house behind me is up much higher than mine so it was gone. My family and friends think it's just a plane but no one has yet truly identified it, even my other pilot friends. We all have no idea what this was or what it could be, I think there are a lot of theories of what it could be but until it can be positively identified I will call this a UFO.
