{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529054","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26484","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3070,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/054/mufon-5529054.json","updb_database_id":5529054}
round typical flying saucer shape.

This event is currently ongoing as of this writing(11-10-2010), and has been every night since the first of September 2010,.Multiple craft with as many as twelve at once. They both respond to Control Tower Light gun signals and move rapidly away from any approach of a simple 20mw red laser pointer, and that to our amazement. We have,thru the use of a directional parabolic microphone actually recorded what has been said to be "Non-Terrestial". This latter evidence was recorded by mistake, as the person whom captured it was actually trying to record Coyote Howlings at night. I have eight to nine hours of video,around three hundred photos, showing three distinct types of craft. Also have around fifteen witness willing to swear to the above events, and will provide you with all photos,audio, and video you want. We simply want to know what the hell these things are,and why are they here every night, beginning typically at around 6:30 p.m. lasting until 2:00A.M. There has been three landings witnessed and photographed. Digital and film type cameras were used. What do these beings want, why is there no media coverage of an event as amazing as this is, can we carry on a dialogue with these beings and if yes, whats the best method? Are they dangerous, they ,at least I think they can tell whether a person is armed or not, and respond accordingly. Now back to the beginning, I am self employed , I flight instruct, and have a F.A.A. certificated repair station, and as with something as unusual as aviation, 29 years in the trade, I have seen every variation of aircraft ,helicoptr, in any imagineable configuration, fire, hail storm ,tornado, ect. These are not any terrestial craft that I have ever seen. Their not blimps,not diribles, they are as You said,UFO,s. Iwas not the one who saw these craft initially, but overheard conversation late one night and walked out on the tarmac finding at thirty peopl.I ask what they were doing and the first guy carefully explained gow to mix coca-cola for my kiddos. I hope some resolution can be had of this matter,
*(Wit's name and phone number deleted--CMS/sg) any time night or day.
