{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497054","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62318","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3480,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/054/mufon-5497054.json","updb_database_id":5497054}
{dr}saw 5 bright orange lights traveling north, then stopped for a few minutes, then blinked out.

It was shortly after midnight, and I went outside to have a cigarette. Slightly above eye level I saw a bright orange, circular light traveling North. There is a lot of air traffic here, but the light was not white, nor were there other lights (red, green as expected). The light was constant, and i heard no sound.. I had seen this same thing about 3-4 weeks ago, and since it was unexplainable to me, I called it a "UFO". when I told someone about the sighting they asked if it could possibly be one of those Chinese lanterns. I hadn't thought of that possibility, so couldn't rule it out. This time I consciously considered that. the pathway was the same, but one problem with that theory was that I live about 120 feet from the river, which is only about 1/4 mile from the Long Island sound, so it is usually windy here, and comes FROM the north, traveling south. Not always, but the vast majority of the time. I can't recall the wind direction from the 1st sighting, and last night we actually had one of those winds that changed directions,so I'm unsure the effects. What made last nights' sighting even more interesting is that after a second or two a 2nd orange light appeared to be following it at a slightly different elevation. It seemed to catch up to it reaching the same level, and got BEHIND it, because I only saw ONE light for a spit second. The light was either stationary at that point, or had changed direction, traveling west, where I was standing, facing East. At that point I saw another light coming from the South, followed shortly by 2 others, totaling 5!!! They were identical lights, and in very close proximity to each other. I want to add that from my vantage point there is a house across the street(ESE), and a house behind that which is further north. The lights came into my view from behind the house across the street, and over the roof of the house behind that. When all 5 lights were in sight, they seemed to just stop there for at least a couple of minutes. Then the lights would just blink off one at a time, randomly. I then called my daughter to tell her, and after about a minute into the conversation, the 1st (or at least most northerly) light blinked back on! The trees were hampering my view, so I walked down my driveway to the road, and by that time the light blinked off again. I forgot to mention that I had grabbed my binoculars by front door within the 1st minute of this sighting, but they're not the best, and the light was the same bright orange, just smaller. No other features were visible. My daughter had suggested getting my camera, but I didn't want to miss anything. I will now keep that by the front door as well. I am quite curious if anyone else has reported the same, and especially if anyone knows what these lights are? Thank you!
