{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-11-15 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457054","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104522","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2368,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/054/mufon-5457054.json","updb_database_id":5457054}
{cak} About a hundred star-like lights in sky

As an avid night time sky observer, I first noticed it when looking out my bedroom window which faces W. There were far too many stars in the sky. I went out into my back yard and there I saw probably close to a hundred star-like objects stretched across the sky running SW to NE like two ends of a spiral galaxy arm with a bulge in the center where most of these lights were positioned.

I first started my observation at around 7PM at which time the formation was SW of my home. By about 730 the formation had moved NE out of observable view from my backyard.

For the most part the lights were stationary, albeit the entire cluster of them was maintaining formation while slowly drifting NE. The lights would flash different colors, yellow, orange, red, or green very brightly like a strobe light. Some would fade in or fade out. 
Typically the strobing of one object appeared to trigger the strobing of another nearby object. They all looked like stars, but moved together. Occasionally one would break formation and move slightly in a random direction a few MM distance to my eyes in the night sky. Even more rarely when these objects did move they did would not move in a straight line but might make sudden course corrections or u-turns. It was also cloudy out, and these objects were above the cloud cover. The objects were too far away to make out any shapes, like I said they just looked like stars. I captured some video with my cell phone but with how dark it was and how cloudy the video is pitch black with the occasional flash and none of the objects are visible unless strobing. Not even close to what we saw so I am not going to bother to upload it.

The event was witnessed by my girlfriend and my daughter.
