{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528033","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27567","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3497,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/033/mufon-5528033.json","updb_database_id":5528033}
Illuminated object being guarded by at least 14 unknown cyclinder and different colored objects

My story is a long one. So I will only tell you this part. I have a message for the humans of this planet. The beings that I have talked to have conveyed to me that our time is at hand. Your conflicts with the planet can no longer be tolerated. They have already begun to make the changes neccessary to introduce several new species that will be more in balance with this planet. Those of you whose D.N.A. have been collected and accepted, will be allowed to continue to exist as long as you find balance with your needs and the needs of this planet. I was asked if I would like to travel with them. As crazy as that may sound and as hard as it is to say, it ist true. After initially stating that I would, I grew scared and thought about all that could happen to me and recanted. I then realized that what I was being asked was if I wanted to survive beyond the point of mankinds dimise. I had no such desire. I decided to stay because I believe that we as a species can do better. I realize that we are slow to learn, but those of us who will survive the correction will be able to change. I believe that we are already starting to do just that. The craft that I saw that night was one of many that I have seen over the course of three years. I do have the photos and videos of a number of them but I will no longer submit them for the sake of what appears to be entertainment value. Befor making this decision I did however post two videos on you tube to give credence to my statments. They are posted under *(YouTube information moved to Additional Evidence Section--CMS/sg) That is however not the only proof I can provide. I will submit any and all videos I have to anyone who is seriously willing to investigate this issue. I cannot say this with enough importantance. Take what I have said seriously. Do what you can to change you lives. To love every sacred thing on this planet and realize that the needs of the many do outweigh the needs of the few! I don't know if we even have enough time to try to make the correction, but I hope with all of my being that WE Do! Although these beings are not Gods, or have not revealed themselvs as such, They do however seem to be responsible for this planet and will remove whatever threats present themselves. I do not speak for them, but they do speak through me and by numerous others they have contacted. the people that they have given this message to are young and old, rich and poor, all races and nationalities. Some or which are afraid to come forward because of the stigma associated with this subject. I was one of those people. But I am no longer. If a little embarrassment will help to save a species (Our Species) then so be it. You can choose to not take this seriously, or you can choose to change your fate. They will be waiting for your answers.
