{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-05-01 03:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495033","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64417","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2570,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/033/mufon-5495033.json","updb_database_id":5495033}
{dr}I wrote before and described event

I woke up and saw a light in backyard. I went out and it was above my backyard. I described features when I wrote before. I insist I remain anonymous because my husband is a highly decorated police officer I've been with 22 years and I have 2 kids. I don't want people thinking I'm crazy,because I'm not.
The disc had a beam that shone down onto a rock in my backyard. I put my hand on the rock. Since then I've had 5 surgeries on my hand the blood clotted to it and have been diagnosed with rare form of lupus.
What I want to convey is that in a short period of time my head was filled with a ton of information,some I wrote to you about but there is so much I can't even say it all it would take forever. I tried to describe important things,but one thing I forgot to mention thats bothering me is that I was shown that this species has been coming to earth for ever. They used to have to wear protection because they couldn't survive in our atmosphere. They have been taking genes from us and have over many generations mutated their genes with ours so they can be on our planet without protection. It took them a long time to do this and get it right so biologically they can survive our bacteria and atmosphere. I was shown they are also changing the "animals" or other species on their planet to be able to biologically allow them to survive. The ultimate goal is to share our planet theirs is much older and dying. Why I was shown all these things,I have no idea. I am nobody. I saw their written letters and a lot of things. I wasn't afraid,my hand was like when you grab an electric fence and can't let go but it didn't hurt at the time. I don't know whether I was in the right place at the right time or the wrong place at the wrong time,but there is no other reason for showing me this information. Like I said,I will never tell anyone,except I heard of you and thought you may want to know.
Thanks for your time,
Denise.
