{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-30 17:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483033","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76907","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3568,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/033/mufon-5483033.json","updb_database_id":5483033}
{nd} UFO observed floating across the sky to my location. UFO hoovered over a tree while I took pics...appeared to be taking pics of me too. UFO began asending into the sky and then disappeared.

Memorial Day 2016 5pm in the afternoon. Had gone to the cemetery to put flowers on a grave. As we were about to get in the car to leave I observed a very white shiny object quietly floating across the sky towards me. The object stood out because the sky was very blue. I asked my daughter what it was and she didn't know. I grabbed my phone to start taking pictures/record this hard to make sence of situation. The object began hoovering over a tree as I took pictures and there appeared to be a lens on the front of the object. At one point a plane flew by not too far from the object and I wondered why the two "aircrafts" would be in the sky together....so close. Then the object started ascending up in the sky and just disappeared. This entire situation has left me a lot of questions. At first I wanted to believe it was a droan but then I looked up what a droan looks like and this looked nothing like a droan. I had always thought of UFO sight ings to take place at night in a disolate area with no one else around to witness its existence! But this sighting took place in a completely opposite environment. I asked an employee at the cemetery what was flying over the grounds and initially he tried to convince me it was ballons that a family had released around the same time. That is until I showed him a picture and he reluctantly admitted this was no ballon....I
forgot to mention my phone was almost fully charged when I started taking pics and recording and before I could finish my battery was completely drained. When I tried to turn the phone on to show the employee the pics ...it took a lot of persistence before it would stay on.
At the time of this incident it really never crossed my mind this object could be a UFO. I was very offended that someone would actually fly over a cemetery taking pictures of people during such a sad and personal time of their life. After I started researching other pictures similar to mine that had been clasified as UFO I began to realize this is probably something way bigger then I'll ever completely understand or be able to get answers to. One picture I took came out fairly clear. The rest of the pics look like a bright white spec. In the video nothing showed so I randomly screen shot footage and enlarged the image to try and get a better picture.
