{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-20 08:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476033","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84232","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2746,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/033/mufon-5476033.json","updb_database_id":5476033}
Starlike object at +50K ft directly overhead. No movement. 8am clear blue sky. Looked like star in daytime.

I was outside having a cup of coffee enjoying the morning sun before going to work. I was doing some stretching and yoga and laid back and looked up at the clear blue sky. A star like object caught my eye. At first I thought it was a jet at very high altitude with the sun's light was reflecting off of it. However, it was not moving. It was stationary at very high altitude. Not flickering, not flashing. no changing color. Just a star like object stationary for at least 30 min. During this time I called Tallahasse airport and asked to speak to the tower. After being shuffled around and having to tell my story severaL times, I spoke to the tower and they did not have anything on radar. I also took approximately 10 photos with my smartphone. I could not tell if I had got the object in the photos but I did notice while taking them that a contrail was present in my camera screen, but not visible to my naked eye. I then went in to work, and looked at the photos and saw the pictures did capture the contrail, and a couple did have the star object but only visble on greater magnification, although somewhat fuzzy. Most interesting are the round shadow like objects captured in the photos but not visible to my naked eye. I also captured a jet in one photo and it does give one a bit of a perspective. Could it have been Venus, Jupiter, or Saturn visible at 8:30 am on a bright sunny morning? I dont know. I think it was really a object at very high altitute maybe 50-100,000 ft. There were a couple of jets that went by during the event and this object was higher. The contrail and round grey shadow objects appear to be at different altitudes. I dont think they are ghost images or reflections off of something. I took several photos with them in the photos and they are in the same location (using the playfort fabric roof as a reference point). I am sure I moved around and took each photo from a slightly different location, yet the objects appear in the same location in the sky. Maybe you guys have someone that can analyze the photos.
