{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-04-19 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469033","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91515","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3204,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/033/mufon-5469033.json","updb_database_id":5469033}
{cak} Spinning lights in sky

The weather was cold (38F, no wind) and the skies were very clear. The moon was in the eastern sky hanging low in the quarter moon.

I was outside going to one of my sheds, walking south, when I noticed something to my west. I turned and saw three sets of lights in a triangle. Each set of lights appeared to be at least a few miles apart on the horizon. At first all three sets of lights were spinning in place, flashing red-green-blue. Then white lights appeared both on top and bottom of the other lights on all three sets. (I am guessing the vessels would have been disk-shaped.) I stood there for about four minutes and then the spinning lights stopped.

I stood quietly and observed. I didn't feel scared but the hair on the back of my neck stood up a little. I was armed at the time but did not feel the need to draw. I wasn't sure what to think of the lights, however, I knew that they were: too low and too large to be satellites; not anything of a terrestrial nature that I knew of that could remain stationary that long; and the lights were incredibly bright, probably in the hundreds of millions of candlepower.

As I watched, the white lights grew brighter and brighter but still remained perfectly stationary and didn't move from their formation. I felt calm but as if I was being watched. I kept my hands in my pockets except to zip up my coat. The whole time I felt curious and wanted to see the lights spin again but they just sat there though I thought I saw the far left (northwest) light move up and down a little.

After about twenty more minutes, I got cold so I decided to go in. I went in the house, turned off the lights, and waited about ten minutes. I then peeked out of a west-facing window and all three units were spinning again, flashing the lights in the same pattern.

I realize now that I may have been being observed while I was observing the lights. I didn't feel threatened since they didn't move at all but I can't help but feel like they may have been taking a survey of my area.

There are no airports within a 30 mile radius of my home. There are no military installations within several hundred miles. I live in a sparsely populated area in a glacial valley with few trees (in fact, there is a 10,000 acre farm right behind my home so there are no trees at all on that side of my home).

I unfortunately couldn't get anything coherent out of my cell phone's camera that would be of use for a reference.

I have never reported a UFO before but this was too odd of an occurrence to think this was anything but a possible UFO.
