{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478033","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82110","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3155,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/033/mufon-5478033.json","updb_database_id":5478033}
{cak} Pictures before after ufo loses cloak in clouds

This was after July 4th weekend, pictures are actually stamped digitally with exact time, date, latitude, and longitude. There are two witnesses including myself:both professional and credible, one an engineer with academics US Air Force Academy (engineering) and Washington (Seattle), the other from Univ Of California. Taken with cell phone. First pics are above a house of one witness an hour prior to event. Weird clouds so we decided to take some pics. We then went to store, and on return an hour later noticed the weird clouds, now from a marina 5 miles away. Stopped to take more pictures, as now two short and weird colored rainbows were a part of the scenarios. One is easily visible in the pics. Started taking pics and within a 2 second window the clouds open up (cloak lost?), and you see what we saw...one witness almost fainted. Took her breath away. In person you could see that object was huge, and that pics might only be seeing the bottom half of this "pyramid on a side with sharp edges, but you could see relief and contours (vents, windows, appendages, etc.). Was about 5 miles away, seemed like 5 miles wide by 8 miles long, the visible part, and there are no mountains even close to this area like that. Also note on a separate visual, friends , who i saw and talked with a couple of days after event, saw it from underneath, and witnessed two concentric full circle rainbows with same weird colors as the vertical ones we witnesses. We watched for 15 minutes...it soon became cloaked again 20 minutes later but we did not see that actually occur. the initial pictures are from within a mile an hour before...the last ones are from the marina 5 miles away.
