{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482033","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77933","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3292,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/033/mufon-5482033.json","updb_database_id":5482033}
{jpg} Driving home from Glen Burne, was compelled to look east, and noticed the craft immediately. Got out of car, and began taking pictures.

My wife works in Glen Burne MD. Usually she takes the car for the week, but this week my 11 yr old had a dentist appointment so I drove her to MD on Monday and kept the car home with me in King of Prussia PA were we live. Friday afternoon of that week my son and I left the house around 3pm to drive back to Glen Burne MD. My wife is usually finished with work around 5 pm ,and it takes 2hrs , approximately, to get there from King of Prussia PA. We picked her up from work, drove to her hotel , to gather her things, and then grabbed dinner at a local restaurant. By the time we were done eating and on our way home it was around 6:45pm.
We drove through that tunnel that goes under the river or lake over there near Glen Burne and within 10 min or so began our 2hr trip up I-95 north towards Philadelphia. My son and my wife were out cold with in minute and I was listening to Sports radio when I was compelled to look out the passenger side window. At the time I thought nothing of it being I'm always looking upwards trying to find things in the sky. But now , I had no reason, at that time, to look that way but I did. And I saw it. It was pretty far away but I new it was something different. At first I thought it was a balloon, and maybe it was,but maybe it wasn't. So , I pulled to the burn of the highway to get a better look. I stopped the car and got out. I walked to the Gard rail and got a real good look at it. It was teardrop shaped with white and red coloring. Some silver too I think. It did not move in the sky and never made a sound. I grabbed my cellphone and took some pictures as quickly as possible just in case in left. Then I ran back to my car to get my camera. About a month prior to this my 12 yr old bought me a camera from the local thrift store. It's a 1970s cannon with exchanging lenses. It's old school but I love it, and that week we went to Walmart to but the battery it needed, and film. I , that week especially, had that camera with me EVERY where I went and ready to go. I took probably 7 to 10 photos of the object and then labelled the film canister UFO. It still is in the negative form. I never developed it. I guess I didn't want to be doubted that I saw something and that would always be my proof of that day.
After watching for a while I decided to drive up the highway alittle more to try and get a better look. I jumped in my car and as soon as I pulled away I looked over and it wasn't there anymore. 
When we got home that night I had to!d my wife and kid about it and as usual that didn't care.
