{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-04-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5531033","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24423","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3314,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/033/mufon-5531033.json","updb_database_id":5531033}
Orbs, red, white.

last year i thought i saw something and found out it was venus, but in the process of talking to the head of the michigan chapter,i mentioned a purple double orb connected top small and bottom a little larger. i told him i thought it was my late son come to see me as it was his birthday, i also mentioned the red light in my room every night for appox. the last year. he told me he would like me to talk to a friend of his that deals with the paranormal, well and good, but that did not come to fruition. since i talked to him I've had white lights in my room every night but 3. that was directly after i talked to my neighbor and she suggested i talk to a medium. the lights stopped for three nights, and then came back every night since. the red light showing me visions of past lives i was was able to catch three times as I'd trained myself to keep my eyes closed after waking, and just cracking my lower eye open. i woulde see the red glow and turn my head quickly. it had to blink down once and come back up before going out for good. to the white orbs, as far back as 1992 in my other home, I would be lying in bed with my eyes shut and sense a white light over my head, i would open my eyes quickly and it would be gone, and within seconds of closing my eyes it would be back. I would smile thinking it was my late son, maybe so maybe not. after the purple orb I'm not so sure. I thought i was being electrocuted, I woke up three hours later. as to the white orbs, I;ve seen them on one occasion. I looked with my lower eye into my dresser mirror and was shocked to see my room in a pinkish color it is painted dark maroon and then the orbs drifted into my line of sight, one the size of a volly ball the smaller one the size of a tennis ball. ahh thats what they look like I could never catch them by just opening my eyes quickly like with the red one, a single red one. gentleman I thought for a long time these were my angles visiting, as i read the bible every night when i get in bed, and always say lastly and thank you lord for keeping my angels around me whenever possible. I think we're cracking the code, angels and et's are one and the same, and before I forget it I've had a growth in my fore finger since 2003, it does not hurt,it's just there. I've come to believe over the last year that they are all connected, spirits, God, et's all of it, connected. i can't go into all of it in writing. I can't set that long. you have my number, I really don't believe a person dealing with the paranormal could unravel any of this, he would be looking in the wrong direction. I would also like to discuss the string theory and parallel universes. it's all connected all connected. [cms/tg/pid]
