{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-28 22:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492033","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67517","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2723,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/033/mufon-5492033.json","updb_database_id":5492033}
{jpg} Large Silent Craft probably triangular with White and Red lights I saw a large craft over Phoenixville Pa. I think it was triangular, hard to tell as it had very briight lights in the front. Two white in the front corners, and an extremely large

I was driving back to Phoenixville when I saw some very bright lights that looked like they would fly directly overhead. I was coming home from from a family party, where, when I was leaving, saw a low flying jetliner out of air-lanes, I thought that plane had probably been cleared for priority landing due to medical emergency. What I saw was no jetliner. This had two very White Lights at the tips, and a very large red light in the center, no tail section whatsoever. As it passed directly overhead, could get a good look at the red light, which I estimate to be about the size of a house turning on and off aprox every other second. I have lived by air approach to Philadelphia my whole life and as I have seen over 10 UFOs in my life, observe the details of aircraft lights. All jet liners have sharp white lights that blink from behind - this had none. No sound report, and had just heard the sound of a low level jetliner aprox 10 mins earlier. The white lights seemed to be pointing forward, the red one just blinked - it was a huge red light. It flew silently from the West directly to the East. This is the second time I have recently seen a large craft with white and red lights over Phoenixville area, the other time being March 19, 2015, where I watched for 1-2 mins as it flew very slowly, other similar reports made in the same time over Coatseville Pa, other reports of slow flying craft over Chester County that night, and a red and white lighted craft over Hershey Pa the night previous. Cannot find any other similar reports in my area for recent June 28 sighting, but 4 nights previous a similar shaped craft sighted over NJ with no lights on. This has been a very active year - 4 sightings in one year, two in the past month, 5 sightings in the past 18 months. These triangular shape sightings seem to be concentrated in the 10pm hour. Keep Looking Up!
