{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-02 14:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290033","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113317","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2722,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/033/mufon-5290033.json","updb_database_id":5290033}
Animal/rodent like?

May 2, 2020 at 2:04 P.M.I was walking in the woods behind my home, and was on Apple Face time with a friend who wanted to look for signs of Sasquatch with me. She was scanning the grounds through my camera while I walked. I began to feel that something was there with me. She asked where did I sense it? I flipped my camera view back to me then turned my back to where I knew it was. I knew it was ther, but with the lighting and the reflection from my camera, I couldn’t see it clearly. Only an in distinct shape in a specific spot. I had known that I was being followed as well. She scanned the area, as I slowly turned, so that she could view the area I had specified. She saw something, and took a screen shot of the landscape behind me. She took a couple of them and told me to calmly go inside so that I could see it. Using my mind, I communicated that I meant no harm or disrespect, and that I was going back to my domicile, where neither my animals nor I were to be harmed. I am including the images that were taken using the camera on my iPhone 7 Plus and her MacBook Pro. I have images I would like to share, but can see know way to do that suing my phone. Please contact me for these.I have applied ONLY the following filters; Brightness, shadows, sharpness, contrast, crop and color vividness. I have sense felt its presence, but only seen one other time. It was on May 5th, 2020, and it was at approximately 2:00 A.M. My dog woke up from a dead sleep, and charged through my home through the doggie door. The doggie door exits in the front of my yard, beside the wooded spot that the images were taken. I got up and looked out of my front bedroom window and saw the entity on perched on my front deck railing, where my small dog Cleo was barking at it to leave. It turned, I saw it move from the railing as if there was a floor extending out, the image grew”glittery”? Then it popped out. Hard to explain, but it looked like it drew the shrubbery to it and disappeared into it, even though there is no greenery there. There is a five foot drop to the ground, and not even grass grows there.
