{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-06-14 07:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288033","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115337","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3776,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/033/mufon-5288033.json","updb_database_id":5288033}
Black triangle with three blue-ish white lights in 1989/1990

I grew up in an old house on a large piece of property, surrounded by trees, ponds, and everything that a young kid could ever want. It was amazing to spend my youth catching frogs, swimming, and spending every minute I could outside. I remember being a happy, outgoing kid who grew up in a healthy, well-adjusted household. But then everything changed when I was around nine years old... 

Sometime between 1988 and 1990, I saw something hovering in the air just above the treeline, right outside my childhood home one summer morning. 

The headboard of my small bed was pushed up against the base of a south-facing window in my room. I have no idea why, but I can remember this extremely clearly. It was early in the morning, but the sun was up and the sky had no clouds at all. Rather than waking up and opening my eyes in a fog, like everyone normally does, I know that I woke up instantly while I was laying flat on my back; picture yourself laying on your back like a board with your eyes closed, now open them as fast as you can and being abruptly awake. The kind of 'wake up' where you know something isn't right instantly and you're on full alert. Thing is, I opened my eyes quickly and was staring straight at a triangle sitting motionless in the air, roughly 50 to 100 feet above the trees that surrounded my yard. I remember staring at it for roughly a minute or less and seeing three blue-ish white circles under it. I couldn't move or blink. I couldn't even think. It was just sitting there motionless and, for some reason that I can't understand, I couldn't keep my eyes open. I was staring at something that I couldn't explain, couldn't identify, and made no sense of, yet this nine-year-old boy simply went back to sleep...? To this day, I swear that I didn't fall back asleep under my own free will, but I have no evidence and obviously can't explain what happened. 

I do not know if it's related to what I saw, or just a simple case of sleep paralysis, but I can also remember being 'frozen' in bed as a child on multiple occasions. I have no memories of seeing anything or being taken anywhere, but one of those frozen moments involved something heavy on my back that kept me from rolling over or getting up. While I'm not convinced that it's related, I distinctly remember simply falling asleep while being held down, just like I fell asleep after seeing the triangle out my bedroom window. I couldn't scream but I was terrified, and I just went back to sleep? So strange. 

Something changed after I saw that damn triangle. I became far less outgoing, laughed less, and have been very, very anti-social since then. I'm 40 years old now and have been interested in unexplainable sightings since I was a child, obviously due in large part to what I saw, but I've never told anyone, not even family members. I remember thinking to myself that I'll tell my parents if someone else reports seeing something odd, but no one ever did, at least that I know of. But I don't understand how, if the triangle really was real, no one else saw it given the nearby houses and people. Very confusing.
