{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-26 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486342","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73370","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3333,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/342/mufon-5486342.json","updb_database_id":5486342}
I was called out to this place, were i was invitet in to a warm transparent place....

I woke up and had a strong urge to go to a certain place, so i went to my car and drove ca. 1.5 mile (15 km) outside my city (Mosjoen). were i got out, and walked a little bit to the east. There i saw something transparentlike, but very huge craft or thing that came closer and closer from the souteast, at this point i got very scared but then i heard this tree word that repeated and repeated. ( It na oy ) then i got very calm and, i had no feelings of the surroundings anymore. I was suddently in a large room with a humanlike beeing in front of me. he i got the feeling it was a feemale person stroke my forhead and said( it na oy) again i was very calm, he told me that they had been watchin the human race for over 200 yrs and that there was tousand and tousand races in the univers, and there was alsow many universes in different dimensions. I would have seen the craft in infrared he said, and he spoked in telepathic ways, they would let them be knowned when we were ready, but the was afraid that we wouldnt make it as a race because of wars and pollutin. Tha were not allowed to interfeer in our ways but would help us if we asked for it.(?) I had to write a book and he would help me with that, this book i should call: The bigger picture.
This will help they who wanted help to understand what we are and that there are a afterlife!? We are energy and so are our soul, it(our soul) carries the wisdom and education we have got in our lifetime and desided what we will go after passing to death. We are not a lone, we are a part of a galactic race that hopefully will survive and learn to coopertae with love and understanding. The human race are not there yet. But some humans will be invited to be with them to learn and understand what they and we are and the purpose of our existance are. Keyword are energy, we are like a computer we can transfere our memories and ourself into another wessel or machine. I was then back in my car. a was not afraid and i was alittle dissy but awere of everything. I will start to write this book and see what happends, he told me that i after that will be invited to go with them. I must say that this is mindblowing but it is alsow a great responibillity that lay in me. So this is why im telling you, so be preppered but dont be affraid it is but only wonderful and for they who believe in: Energy,love and helpfullnes and are open to this! They will have a eternity of exploring the universe and be a guide for worlds and races that feel lost or need help. 

thanks for reading and try to be open. HW
