{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-05-20 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288342","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115026","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4358,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/342/mufon-5288342.json","updb_database_id":5288342}
INVISIBLE BODY

This happened 30/35 years ago, I remember every detail but never found a answer. I was leaning on some railings above the canal that ran under the road. I always stopped there for a cigarette and to listen to the water and the ducks below on my last stretch home. Looking down the canal I saw a light approaching slowly, it was slightly to the left as I looked at it and I fully believed it was a police helicopter looking for criminals as they were always flying round in search of them at night in those days. The round beam of light I saw was to search in wooded or dark areas and was obviously at the front. I thought that it was flying lower than they normally do and watched with interest. I soon realised that the light on the front, although facing the banking and greenery on the side of the canal wasn't actually reflecting on the vegetation, it didn't light anything up. I remembered on usual helicopters that the beam was bright and you could see the bright back light from the ground up
The light kept stopping in mid air and I wondered how dangerous the criminal was that they were looking for, and if I myself were safe. As the ''helicopter'' got closer to me I realised there was no noise from the rotor blades or any engine noise, there was no wind from the blades either, and everything was totally silent. Cutting it short this light stopped 6feet in front of me but about 10feet in the air slightly to my left, there were street lights behind me, it was a clear moonlit night, the stars were out, there was very little cloud apart from the odd wispy one, it was one of those still and warm nights that I love.
As I looked up I could not see any body to what I still believed was a helicopter, I walked from one angle to the other and there was nothing, all I could see was the light, the rim of the light, then the background of the canal gardens and the trees behind that. I just kept looking for an answer as to why I couldn't see anything and all I could come up with was the military must have a new device what makes them invisible, it was all I could think of that made sense. By this time I was getting nervous, I was starting to think that THEY might think I'm the criminal they're looking for. I thought about wandering off home, but decided against it in case they believed I was guilty of something.
at the same time I'm still staring up looking for the body of the helicopter, I was walking from side to side really baffled and wondering where the noise was, and how come no police cars are present., I just stood there looking gormless at it when all at once Whooosh, it shot off behind me at such speed that it could not have come from Earth, the G.Force alone would have killed a human, it left a thin streak of light, I turned round immediately to follow it but it had gone, not even the light was visible. I half walked and half ran home terrified whoever it was might come back for me. This could not have been a helicopter. I told 3 people who I thought knew me, they all laughed saying I must have had too much to drink the night before. I realised how alone I was going to be with this and I never told anyone else in 35 years, but it still haunts me, how close was I, and to what.? and what was that light for if it did not reflect on anything.
I do not have delusions or tell flight of fancy stories, I'm a calm level headed person, I never thought about UFO's in those days, it crossed my mind occasionally when I looked at the stars like it has many others, that someone else must be out there, there cannot be just us, but I never ever believed I would see anyone, or anything in my lifetime because of the distance and complications of it all, little did I know. I have no evidence or anything......
