{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-12-24 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487342","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72326","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3531,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/342/mufon-5487342.json","updb_database_id":5487342}
{nd} My neighbor and I were sitting on a car in my driveway when it hovered over us paralyzed us and levitated upward before disappearing.

My front door neighbor and I were both kids at the time. I was around 12 and he was a few years older. It was Christmas eve and we were sitting on top of my moms beat up oldsmobile on the trunk leaning up against the back windshield looking up at the sky. We were talking while our parents and family were inside enjoying the party. Then we started to look straight into the distance, no longer looking upward and ad our conversation continued my neighbor noticed a red light inside my moms car. He was surprised that she had placed an alarm on such a beat up vehicle that wasn't even able to run. At that moment as we were both looking inside the car he turned around and froze while staeibg up at the sky. I tried to talking to him but he was jot reacting. At that moment I looked up above us and realized that the red light was in actuality a reflection of a giant craft hovering above us. The object was smaller than the roof of my family's 4 bedroom house, but larger than the car we sat atop. I would estimate it was around 20-30ft long and circular in shape. A dull grey colored saucer now hovered over us with a red circular light that shined down upon us. The saucer was close enough to us that I could have stood up on top of the car and touched it. There was no sound, and I knew I'd never seen anything like it in my life. We were unable to move. My neighbor and I were paralyzed, I couldn't scream or yell. I could however look around and see that my friend was not moving either, my eyes were able to move. At the moment I began to pray, as I was raised Catholic and thru pure force I was able to disconnect myself from the hold that light had on us and the power was do great that I fell off the car and landed on my knees and hands. At that moment the light was no longer shining a bean on us and my neighbor was able to move, to which he yelled at me to run inside and get help. I ran towards the house, our front lawn was very long and before I reached the door the craft had begun to rise slowly. I was able to see a slight edge to the craft, and nothing else. I ran inside and started telling everyone that there was a ufo outside and that they should come look, but nonone listened. I ran back outside, because no one was paying attention to me and I didn't want to miss what it would do. I ran outside and my neighbor now stood next to the car directly underneath the saucer as it continued to rise high into the air. I ran inside again and no one once again listened, and at this time the craft was so far up in the air that it seemed the size of a basketball. Finally my neighbor ran inside and told my family to come see an emergency. As everyone started to come outside the object was now the size of a star and as they stepped outside it sped out horizontally like a shooting star.
