{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-26 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488342","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71302","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3391,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/342/mufon-5488342.json","updb_database_id":5488342}
{nd} Tear drop shape, pointed on front, rounded rear with slight point, metallic shimmer in gold color with slight haze, entire perimeter had darker edge in a circular pattern

BIO: I am a United States Navy Veteran, I am a university graduate, I am a career Los Angeles Police Officer and ended my Law Enforcement career as a United States Federal Chief of Police. I have traveled the world many times over. My mentally and intellectual faculties are as sound as you can get based on my professional background and governmental professional responsibilities.

FACTS: I own a home in a mountain forest community at 6,5001 elevation outside of Los Angeles, CA. I have a clear and unfettered view of the clear blue skies in and around my home. My adult daughter (University Graduate Summa Cum Laude Criminal justice)) and myself were sitting on my deck outside of my home. Absolutely clear blue skies, no clouds, slight breeze, no haze, and no adverse weather conditions whatsoever. As we were talking we were watching the commercial jets above that were cruising by some from 12,000 to 30,000 plus based on the con trails. I happened to look straight up, and I observed a unique looking shinny object tear-drop shaped UFO hovering approximately 12 + thousand feet above. It appeared about the same size as a commercial aircraft and about the size of a dime. (Very difficult to determine the exact altitude but appeared as large as a commercial jetliner)My daughter joined me in the observation1A neighbor across the street said hey 1.1Is that a UFO1 confirming our observation. I grabbed two sets of high-end binoculars. We all clearly observed the hoovering silent craft. It was a shimmering gold color with a slight minor haze as if was vibrating or giving off some energy. It was shaped like a tear drop, a pointed nose and a rounded aft. With the binoculars I could clearly see the entire perimeter of the craft and it had darker edges than the rest of the craft, the darker edges also were shimmering. The simmering effect resembled that of a desert heat mirage. We all watched this UFO for about 45 minutes1.It was not party balloons! It was not a weather balloon! It was not a helicopter! It was not a Stealth bomber, it was not a plane or harrier jet. It was not a bird... It hovered.....then after about 45 minutes of our observation, it moved slowly to the west and at that time my daughter and my vantage point lost sight of the UFO in the tall pines. At my neighbor1s vantage point he observed the UFO to hover for the entire time and he said that he seen it depart instantaneously1..It was there then it split to the west as a mere faint streak....poof! gone... No further details.
