{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-07-16 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506342","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52459","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2832,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/342/mufon-5506342.json","updb_database_id":5506342}
{nd} 2 triangle shape objects slowly following the other heading south-west about 1 mile from exit 42 on Highway I-91 between Hartford, Conn. and Springfield, MA.

My wife and I were driving from Hartford, CT. toward Springfield, Ma. on interstate 91 about 1 mile from exit 42 at approximatly 11:15 PM July 16, 1997 when my wife and I first spotted a cluster of lights in the sky about a couple of miles ahead of us. We first thought that it was a helicopter of some kind with search lights under as it seemed to be stationnary in the sky. But as we were appoaching the sighting, the cluster of lights did not look like anything weve ever seen on a helicopter. It was heading slowly toward the South-West and could not make a good description of it as it was too far. As we were trying to understand what we had just witnessed, I asked my wife to keep an eye on the UFO which was heading over the trees just in case it might be spotted again. As I was asking her, my eye caught another one on the North-East following the same path as the first. This time we were getting much closer as we kept on driving. The more I drove, the more we knew we were going to drive right over the craft. As it got closer we knew that this was something we had never seen before in our lives. As we were almost over it, we could finally make out the light pattern. It was 6 big round glowing white lights in a V shape. These big lights did not lit the ground, kind of a moon glow. There was a smaller white light at the front with 3 smaller white blinking lights beside it and a small pulsating red light in the middle of the craft. It made no noise, as our windows were pulled down because it was a hot and muggy night. It was not going very fast. It must have been about 100 to 200 feet over us. We had a hard time making out the triangle dark craft itself as the 6 big lights were overshadowing the structure but could tell it was a solid craft. Once it had past over our car, we pulled over and looked at it until we lost sight of it. There were other cars on the highway who also witnessed these crafts but none stopped. Thank you ever so much for your time!
