{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-02-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527428","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28201","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3623,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/428/mufon-5527428.json","updb_database_id":5527428}
big triangular edges circle shaped deep dark blue kind of transparent object

I was backpacking in New zealand at that time and my journey ended up for a few months of picking in a **** hole called Blenheim.

The location was in a share house in Blenheim's near center. I was living there with my ex girlfriend of this time and 7 fellow seasonnal workers.
That evening I had an argument with her and I went outside in the garden in order to chill a bit and have a smoke. I was not under alcohol influence as I don't touch any drug (majiruana included). I was upset to her, that was my mood.

The moon was pretty bright (if full I don't remember but pretty bright that's for sure) and the sky was covered by white clouds.

Then I felt weird. The sound around me became quiter (like if you slowly turn down the radio...).
I felt like someone was observing me.
My mood immediately switched from anger to questionning. And I looked at the sky. Not to look at the stars but I felt like this thing was above me, I know it's weird.
I looked up and I saw a huge object that it is very hard for me to define today, as it was after the experience.
It was enormous and kind of transluside but you could guess some of it's form. And this was hoovering upon my head. I say it was enormous but I could'nt really determine the size of it. It was like something is here, right in front of you, you know it is there but you cannot describe it.

The feeling was weird, it's like you see something but while you are noticing it you cannot confirm if it's real.
Definitively it was'nt a cloud. The clouds where pretty white, reflecting the moon's brightness and this thing was more like dark blue... well, a translucide dark blue stuff...

Regarding to its size, this thing was hoovering very fast and seemed to be close. It had a sort of triangular shape with circular ends. No lights. It was big but impossible to determine because the bright clouds where masking the sky a lot.

I lost sight of the object as it went behind the roof top of the house. This is weird because you guys reading this might think : " Why this dumb ass didn't try to chase it ?!". I'm agree with you today but this event happened fast and at this moment I didn't feel like I should have chased it as I wasn't sure about what it was. I didn't feel I wanted to follow this. I don't remember thinking trying to find an explaination like I usually do. It's like you notice something unusual and then, after a few seconds you are amazed and this unusual thing which was at the first place becomes something normal to you.

Just after the experience, the sound went back to normal. That night I was on the edge to brake up with my girlfriend which I loved very much but she went outside asking me what I was doing. And I told her : "Did you see that ?" I was pretty excited. I'm sure she took me for a weirdo. And then, and that's what freaks me out today, I went back into the argument like nothing happenned. 

Well, I've got no pictures, nothing, just this story.
