{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-27 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522428","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33633","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2564,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/428/mufon-5522428.json","updb_database_id":5522428}
Observed a circular, oval shaped from my position object with a solid band of white lights around it. One white light was brighter than all the rest. it would randomly blink red & greenish-blue lights around the sides of it. The underside was dark.

On November 27, 2011 at 1:30 AM I was getting ready to retire for the evening and went to check the back sliding door to be sure it was locked. I noticed an extremely bright white light in the western sky. Larger than all the other stars. We live in a flight path so at first I though it was an airplane. The "airplane" did not move (did not get any closer). The object appeared to be an oval shaped disk with what appeared to be a solid band of lights around it, with one light larger and brighter than the rest. I could make out the outline of the object and the underside appeared dark, almost black in the night sky. It would randomly blink red and greenish-blue lights. Every so often I would see like short beams of light coming out at an angle from the underside. Like a child would draw lines around a sun to depict rays. I made two other people observe this object. I stayed up for 1 1/2 hours observing these lights (and disk shaped object) that never moved from its position and finally went to bed at 2:40 AM. It was a perfectly clear night. My reaction was at first it must be an airplane, when it never moved and I went outside to get a better look and realized the shape of it I thought, this has to be a UFO. I started looking online to see if any other reports were posted anywhere. Did find one in Ohio. I tried to get a picture and a video of it on my cell phone but that did not work. A planet is not oval shaped and does not pulse colored lights. Helicopters make noise. I kept going outside to try to get a better look and memorize what I was seeing. It scared me and excited me at the same time and I am very frustrated that so far no one else saw this. I would like to know what I was seeing.
