{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-04-11 05:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492428","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67109","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2786,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/428/mufon-5492428.json","updb_database_id":5492428}
{rjl} Pre Dawn siting near PBI International flight tower

A good friend visiting from Minnesota, we went to bed early to go on a fishing charter. Going south to get on Freeway, just north of PBI, we could see the control tower, a bright light appeared in the upper middle of the windshield! The road was empty, I was going slow and I saw my buddy out of the corner of my eye watching the light also, we said nothing.

The light grew brighter, became larger but did not move, I let off the gas, don't know why and we coasted. About 10 seconds after it appeared it blazed even brighter white light and left extremely fast in an upward right hand curve. If I drew it, it would look like a horn of plenty. As the object left the light grew wide and fast. In one second it left a perfect lighted horn of plenty in the sky! Most remarkable was this> When the object left, the atmosphere appeared to suck the light back into itself back to the original take off point, like when you drop a rock into the water.

We were amazed and talked non stop. We pulled into a restaurant for breakfast and brought up again, "The guys in the control tower HAD to see it too!" My Father in law was a national airline security director and most stations knew him by face and name. Using his name I actually got a hold of the Palm Beach Intl. Control tower. This would be much harder today I bet if even you knew someone but I got a hold of one of the operators on duty. I introduced my self using my Father in Law's name and title. Then I asked, "About fifteen minutes ago, directly East of you towards the Atlantic, did you see a light leave the atmosphere at a high rate of speed?" 

The answer was extremely fast, I hardly finished speaking, I was very calm. He was not calm at ALL. "WE DIDN'T SEE ANYTHING" and he hung up with a slam. He saw it, I could tell. He was also pretty scared.

If he didn't see it, a report of an object in the sky near restricted air space would have prompted a lot of questions, his job of course.

That's it. The light sucking back in like a vacuum and the perfect picture made us positive it left the atmosphere at a slight angle at a speed we don't have.
