{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-18 19:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484428","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75403","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3709,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/428/mufon-5484428.json","updb_database_id":5484428}
My wife and i were riding in the car and i saw lights in the wooded area at the bottom of the hill. But when we got home and reveiwed the recording to see what the lights in the woods were, we notice something going across the screen that we hadnt noticed

On March 18, 2016 my wife and I was driving home coming down Euclid Avenue and then turned up Green Road in Cleveland, Ohio. As we were turning off of Euclid going up the hill onto Green road, I saw some lights illuminating the woods. I said to my wife, what are lights doing in the woods? Do you see those lights? She turned her head and said what lights? And as we got further up the hill, she said yes, I see them. We were like, why are there lights in the woods. So when we got home, I hooked the camera up to my computer to see if we could get a better look on the video of the lights and when we reviewed the video, we couldn1t see the lights in the woods from the angle of the camera, but what we did notice is a moon like object with an orange and brown glow moving across our view. We were like, what in the world was that? We kept rewinding and rewinding the video, over and over again. Then we notice the object was in different sections of the video, and moving in the opposite directions too. My first thought was that it was an Orb of some kind, I wasn1t sure what it was, but I just thought that I should share it with others to see if maybe they might have an opinion of what it could possibly be. They were puzzled too.

The object looks like a small moon shaped object, with an orange and brown glow, moving at a fast speed across the view of our windshield. As we turned up Green Road, at the bottom of the hill, at approximately 1:04-1:08 on the video recorder, from the left side of the road, in the upper left hand corner of our view through the windshield, the object first appeared then disappeared. Then at 1:16-1:19 on the video recorder, the object reappeared, coming from the left side of the road in the upper left hand corner going straight across to the right side of the road, then it disappeared into the woods. And then as we reached the top of the hill, getting ready to turn in our drive, at 1:40-1:42 on the recorder, the object appeared again briefly, this time coming from the right side of the road in the upper right hand corner going left and then it disappeared. 

We were in shock! We kept rewinding the recorder and sharing it with others to try and figure out what it could have been. Then we also notice while reviewing the recorder that right before each sighting, the angel pendant hanging from my rear view mirror that my wife gave me for my birthday, continued to hit up against the mirror like it was a sign that the object was about to appear, it was unbelievable. 

The first time we saw the object it went straight across our view and disappeared into the woods. But when we got to the top of the hill to turn in our parking lot, it reappeared come from the opposite side of the street and went up into the sky.
