{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517428","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40579","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2674,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/428/mufon-5517428.json","updb_database_id":5517428}
(gs) This has been ongoing for most of my life

First, I never remember seeing a UFO. I didn't even know I was being abducted until 2 days ago. I read some reviews of the book "Taken" and some red flags went up for me.

I will start with how an abduction usually begins:
Usually night but it has happened during the day. I am in bed and I feel a presence in the room (Im a psychic nothing amazing) then I feel like a heavy wait is on me, I cant move my body but can move my eyes and control my breathing. Then I fall asleep or at times it seems like nothing happened , the feeling just goes away. I only remember bits and pieces like a dream things like being in water I can breath. 
One afternoon, I remember lying facedown and hearing someone say "the disease resides at the base of the spine" but I now think it said device, the device resides at the base of the spine. I felt little tingled at the small of my back, no pain.
On another night years later, a presence came into my room and said " you have no idea whats in store for you tonight" then it left. During the night I awoke to the worst pain on the left side of my face. I went to the emergency room, was admitted by a nurse but I left before being seen by a doctor.  

The worst part about this is I know when this is going to happen before they come. But when I get in bed I suddenly don't care! Its like it ok to be taken from my bed for whatever reason. Even as I type this its like there is nothing to worry about. It really makes no sense to me I know I do not want this to happen to me. I feel like a prisoner in the back of my mind I know there is nothing I can do, and I must go. 

So this has gone on at least since I was in the 6th grade, Im 30 now. Being a psychic I thought it was a sprit or demon messing with me. This was nothing new, and I always felt I could handle whatever came my way... as a very small child I would follow "clear people" around the house. But I never told my family about it.

I could also give a description of one face I saw but it is not like anything I have ever seen.
