{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-10-10 06:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462428","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98556","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4808,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/428/mufon-5462428.json","updb_database_id":5462428}
{rjl} Silver/Grey/Chrome looking disc hovering above buildings. Started to spin slowly and slightly changed shape.

I was on my way to work, getting on the LIRR at Port Washington at about 6:45am. I just sat down and looked out the window facing West. Above the buildings behind the firehouse I'd say maybe between a quarter mile to a half mile West of the LIRR, I saw a grey/silver/chrome reflective disk shaped object just hovering in the air. It makes you feel a sense of fear, or maybe anxiety is a better word just casually looking out the window and seeing something so clearly and so close, thats not supposed to be able to do what you're witnessing it doing,,, It was scary. It wasn't this little spot of light up in the sky thousands of feet above that could be a satellite or star or balloon. This was something just hovering there close enough to make out some detail and close enough to know that it was something rare and something special I was seeing. It made no noise at all, and wasn't hovering like a drone or helicopter where it hovers but slightly moves because of the wind. This thing was hovering like it was just part of the skyline. It wasn't moving at all. There were no lights or windows. The top of it was more of a chrome like reflective silver color and the side a slightly darker grey that was more of a matte non reflective finish. I couldn't look away from it because I couldn't believe what I was seeing and I didn't want to look away for a second and then look back and see that it disappeared. I stared at it for about 2 minutes and noticed it started to slowly rotate clock-wise. I couldn't tell if it was changing shape or if it was just the side that I was not able to see just coming into view because the object had just started to slowly rotate. I was an oval/disk shape and as it rotated the one side of it looked like it was slightly stretched out and had a sort of U-shaped pointy notch in it. I kept staring trying to understand what I was looking at. I just felt this feeling of fear, like this instinctual feeling of fear, knowing that what I was observing was not right, and was not supposed to be there. The train just started to leave and thats when I realized I had better grab my phone and try to take a picture of this thing before the train moves further and I won't be able to see it anymore. I grabbed my phone still staring at the object, not wanting to lose it. I tried holding the phone up so I could keep my focus on the object and sort of see the phone from the corner of my eye. It just took so long to unlock the phone and open the camera app and by the time I got it out and pointed it at the object the train had moved far enough that the object was becoming obscured by the trees and buildings. I tried to take a bunch of pictures hoping that at least one of them would capture something but it was too late. I still beat myself up over not just taking the phone out the second I saw this thing. I don't know why I didn't think to do it immediately. I think its just that I was in such awe and so amazed at what I was witnessing that I couldn't believe it. I couldn't do anything but just stare at amazement at this thing not wanting to miss a second of it. I wish I had gotten a picture of it, because the object was so low that it would have come out clearly in the photo. I wish there were more people on the train and platform at that time, I can't be the only person that saw this thing. There were a few people around but at that time people are mostly looking down, just buried in their phones and newspapers, most of them still half asleep. I don't know if it was some experimental military thing, or from somewhere else. If it is from here I can't understand how it was able to just hover there silently without wings or blades moving through the air. I just know that when I saw it, there was this disturbing instinct that what I was seeing was just wrong, and just shouldn't be there. I don't know how to explain the feeling. I wish I had a photo, I can only draw a picture of what it looked like. I'm absolutely 100% certain of what I saw. It was close enough that I have no doubts. I still look every day hoping I see it again so I can get the photo.
