{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-07-30 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460457","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100767","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2383,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/457/mufon-5460457.json","updb_database_id":5460457}
{tjd} UFO events in family. Reporting 2 events, one Abduction event of sister and an attempted Abduction happened to me.

My sister woke up in the night and saw my other sister “levitating feet above her bed while she was sleeping”. She slept by the window and I was told there was a beam or something holding her there. This was sometime in the 1960’s in Southern California. Then, sometime in the late 60’s or early 70’s I was sleeping on a couch where a window was over it. This was in Oregon. I was asleep as I felt a strong pull on my body, a beam of sorts coming from outside through the window. I struggled for quite awhile resisting that pull. I was also struggling to wake up, fighting to be able to think. And trying to speak. I was struggling so hard, I became fully awake. Whatever was pulling on me was stopping me from making any noise, as if it had closed my throat. It seemed to have some power to try to prevent thoughts as well. I was struggling to think the name of Jesus, I wanted to cry out to Him for help. Whatever it was did NOT want me to do that. After a severe struggle I cried out the name “Jesus!” And the beam or power instantly dissipated. As a family, we had seen UFO’s, one was out in the country in Oregon where this attempted abduction took place. Later on, my brother told me that when he lived in California, he had been abducted. I know that some people, maybe even most people would say I was crazy, or that I just dreamt it. BUT I KNOW WHAT I EXPERIENCED. I hope this helps you to understand these UFO’s and whatever is controlling them. I know it is a very weird story, an a usual story as every other report is of a completed abduction, and mine was blocked. I am so thankful to my Lord Jesus for keeping me safe and protecting me!
