{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464457","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96384","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2750,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/457/mufon-5464457.json","updb_database_id":5464457}
{cak} Triangle and other unknown craft hovering above during a full moon cloudless night.

A beautiful, crisp fall night. Completely clear, cloudless sky. A friend and I are standing outside talking, admiring the moon. We are right in the center of town, outside a motel we're both staying in, but it's late in the night, so there's no traffic and no one else around. Quiet... As I'm looking up at the moon, all of a sudden I see three circles form in an almost equilateral triangle directly to the right of the moon. The light is grayish, subtle. I remember uncontrollably gasping and saying something like, "it's happening!" Several seconds later, another craft takes form to the left of the moon. This one blinks in, looking something like a constellation of soft white dot lights - several lights clustered in a formation that I can't quite remember, but very star-like... These are two different crafts. From my viewing angle of the moon, they look like they're flanking it. I couldn't tell how large they were because I couldn't tell how far away they were, but if I had to guess I'd say they were maybe a couple hundred feet above, and maybe 40'x40' each? Too hard to tell. I could not see a fuselage on either of them, as if they both were cloaked but decided to turn on some lights. They were both almost perfectly motionless, and perfectly silent. Almost as if they appeared specifically for us. I was spellbound looking up at them - after all, we were just looking at the moon. I did not expect to see two ships materialize right in my line of vision... One odd thing, though: my friend barely reacted to the whole thing. In fact, while I was mildly freaking out inside and pointing and exclaiming, he barely even looked at them and kinda just shrugged, as if it didn't even register... After about a minute, the lights on the left blinked out... but the circular lights of the triangle did something odd - instead of blinking out, they seemed to drift away like clouds and slowly disintegrate into nothing. And then it was a normal night again. The end.
