{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521466","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34788","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2235,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/466/mufon-5521466.json","updb_database_id":5521466}
Three entities in my house and possible abduction

As reported to ASD today: 

I was waking up this morning and felt something moving through my entire body like electricity, and heard music and voices and boards clanging. I could not make out what the voices were saying but it sounded like a man and woman talking. I had the sensation that there was someone in the house that shouldnt be there. After I woke up I looked around and found no one there, but my son who is 26 years old and mentally retarded, was very upset. He said that there were alien beings in the house and he watched them stick needles into our navels and eyes. His voice sounds different, as if it is another persons voice rather than his own. He has never said anything like that before or been upset like this so I believe him. He has new marks on his foot today that werent there before, and in an earlier incident got a square burn mark on his back. I have had strange things happen my entire life, and recently thought that people were breaking into our house due to the strange voices, so moved in with my niece. She said that she heard the music and voices of people in the house today as well, and searched the property, but no one was inside or outside, and the doors were all locked. We have been hearing these strange things for several years starting at my house in Mississippi, then my apartment here, but this is the first time that my son has said anything about seeing aliens. Now he wants to leave and get away from here but we have nowhere else to go. I did not know anything about MUFON before today, but found the contacts for Missouri today and called.
