{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-18 15:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498466","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60717","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2933,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/466/mufon-5498466.json","updb_database_id":5498466}
{jd} one went in cloud another came out another came about 45 mins later with something not seen unitl uploading pic following it.

Took the dog out was watching sky as always because I see stuff all the time. Looking towards east a white object flies towards the west into a cloud and never comes out. About 3 mins later a red object comes out the other side of cloud heading west. It was kinda long shaped at first then formed a circle the whole thing was glowing red with a little pulsing look to it. When it got right above me it went straight up and disappeared. It was the exact same kind of red one I reported before. I did not have my camera out with me and it went too fast to get the camera. My daughter saw it and said it was just a really powerful laser pointer. Lasers can't reflect like that on clear blue sky. She also saw the red one before when I did and flat refused to admit she what she saw. She said she did not want anyone to think her crazy. Anyway, went in got camera. And waited for more. Finally another white one came from east heading west. It went behind a tree before I could get a shot with the camera and it never came back out the other side. So about ten mins later another white one comes from west heading east. It was smaller than the one before that. Or maybe just further away. I took pics of it as fast as I could. When I put them on the computer I saw a dark object following the white one that was not visible to the naked eye. It almost looks like a plane. Maybe a cloaked plane? But there was never any sound from any of the things. All of this happened today between 3:04PM and 4:00PM. You have to look really close because they are very small. The one I got pics of also went up and disappeared. The dark thing following it disappeared before it did in the pics.
