{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-18 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508466","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50020","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3165,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/466/mufon-5508466.json","updb_database_id":5508466}
Two objects with red lights in a starburst pattern flew parallel slowly overhead, then seperated. Within seconds the lights faded on one object, then the other.

My daughters and I were leaving our community pool at 9PM on August 18,2013. As we walked away, one daughter noticed two objects in the sky coming our direction. Although it was a full moon, there were a few clouds blocking the light; and whether because the sky was dark, or because the objects were, or both, we could not see a definite shape to them, only a red light in a star burst shape on the bottom. Based on the shape of the lights though, I would guess the objects were round, and about 30 feet across. Initially they both flew parallel to one another, at about the altitude of a small, single engine aircraft or helicopter (maybe 500 feet in altitude). Neither made any noise, and we didn't notice any kind of vapor trail or other lights.  

Because several large trees were blocking our view, we crossed the street. As the approached our position, the distance between the objects widened. When they were within a couple hundred feet of being directly overhead, the object on the right stopped completely and hovered, while the object on the left continued forward. Within seconds of stopping, the lights on the hovering object faded - similar to how light bulbs fade on a dimmer switch, until the light was almost, but not quite extinguished. This took 30 seconds at most, and at that point, the object began to drift back along the course it had flown. It was not moving as swiftly as it went backwards as it had when it came forwards, and the lights were so dim, I had to squint to see them. 

Within less than a minute of the lights nearly disappearing on the first object, the lights of the second object faded the same way. The lights on both objects remained in this "barely there" state for about 15 to 30 seconds and then disappeared completely. At that point we could not see either object well enough to tell if they flew away, and in which direction. Oddly though, a dog in the neighborhood; which had started barking as the lights approached directly overhead the pool, stopped when the lights disappeared completely. We did not see any other planes in the area at the time, but approximately five minutes later, a small plane flew somewhat low, overhead. It did not circle or hover however, so Im uncertain as to whether it was connected to the appearance of the objects, or not.
