{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-06-15 01:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509466","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48962","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4777,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/466/mufon-5509466.json","updb_database_id":5509466}
classic motor disabling and not so classic shutting up my dog that normally barks 'at nothing or less'

I have seen a video 'sirius' with I think it was dr greer doing the most talking.

Since I have an experience, it wondered if it was still online, because when it happened I did an email interview an at 'a' ufo website it became in the list of sightings. But the site or content must be gone.
What happened:

Since I could not sleep (I had a 3 shifts safety guard work) and my dog needed to answer natures call, I went to the nature park nearby called : het twiske, in the Netherlands. Normally one may not enter after sunset.
But it was not closed, now it is. 
Some days before that, my opel rally car was made 'waterproof', why this is essential will be clear in following text.

So, I walked the dog, it was a clear night, some clouds, some horizon light 'pollution' (Amsterdam/Zaandam city's in the east from where I was)
It was dry, warm, had not rained in the 2 or 3 hours before. So no puddles like normally, except for some small ones.

I let the dog in, front seat.
Like always it started. I started to drive, the dog went in the back seat, that is exceptional but not if he hears / wants to see something.
This I remembered after, because at that moment it was not abnormal.

Than suddenly, in a split second, no sign what so ever, like vibrating, coughing, 'hick ups' of engine, skip a spark or something other mechanical, the motor just suddenly stopped and my lights went a bit stronger/softer, not off.

I thought that perhaps with the tune up some cable was not placed back well. Or had I driven through a puddle of water, that should do nothing to my car. 
With a flashlight at hand, I stepped out, nope no puddle, no wet tire tracks. I popped the motor compartment/bonnet.

Then while looking at the sparkplug cables, it became clear to me (I was there many times before, also around that time) that there was no sound.
My dog was in the backseat, pressed in the corner, silent, a statue, totally not like him, normally he would have barked right at the moment I stepped out of the car while going to front seat.
Suddenly I felt a presence/someone behind me.
I jumped around axle in defense position (being an ehhh, my sport back then was taekwondo) the flashlight in a way I could strike or defend.

2 lights, spheres, went up very quick, from tree tops, to very high, and flew away in well no more then 5 seconds, very fast!, over I estimate the city Purmerend, NE form where I was. It was hard to guess a measurement or distance.
Now being a skeptic on the whole ufo 'scene' I started to think, was it a after burn in my eyes of my lights? no they where at lowest setting, and beneath me, I looked from dark in to dark, the silence, was it my concentration that 'tuned my ears out of surrounding'? nope it was totally quiet, not normal. 
Then my dog started to 'cry' a bit, I stepped in my car and it started right away without missing a beat, and no 'defects' for months after that.
When I came at home, the time was about half an hour later then when I went away, so that was normal to.

In this area also (man made or not) where crop circles and some very mashed up cows. The only predators we have are not dangerous for men, some foxes, marters, little falcons, but if these would eat on a dead cow, that would be recognized as such. The years after some more ufo reports came from here, and I told no one, except that site, also anonymous. 'scared' for being ridiculed by other skeptics.

It was this video that made me remember it, because I have not heard of sightings in many years in my region of the Netherlands.
Oh and the smell, very light, very off to the nature I know so well there that was weird.
I have read about ozone and other smells, but the weird thing is (and I have normal smell capability) it did not smell like anything I know off.

As far as I know I was the only witness, so if others have seen it to, they have also not shared that, 'the dutch way' when it comes to ghosts, ufo's and such.
Yes my dog, for me he was another proof I was not just imagining / thinking things.
PS: The year I filled in is an estimate.
