{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-11-04 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496814","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62565","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4999,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/814/mufon-5496814.json","updb_database_id":5496814}
{cak} Damage to Automobile from unseen & unkown force/object

This case was forwarded to MUFON by Peter Davenport for investigation and follow-up. The following case narrative is from the NUFORC.com website;

NORTHBROOK, ILLINOIS, TUESDAY, NOVEMBER 04, 2008, 21:20 HRS. (LOCAL) A young woman was driving at 40-45 mph along Lake Cook Road, when her car suddenly lurched to the right for no reason that was apparent to her. There were no cars within sight on the road, and she had not seen any pedestrian or animal near the car. She stopped her car immediately, got out, and apparently was flabbergasted by the appearance of the left side of her automobile.

The investigating police officer could not provide an adequate explanation for the damage. He noted that there was no damaged paint, and no animal hair, feathers, or blood, evident on the damaged area of the car. NUFORC has passed the case along to Mr. Sam Maranto, Illinois State Director for the Mutual UFO Network (1MUFON1), for follow-up investigation.

We have no reason to believe that the incident was UFO-related, but we have no explanation for how the extensive damage to the car could have occurred. If any of the visitors to our site have ever witnessed this type of damage to a car, we would welcome comments or suggestions.

Date: 11/04/08 Time: 21:20 Duration: 5-10 seconds City: Northbrook State: IL The entire left side of my car appears to be scorched but no paint was removed.

I was driving 40-45 miles per hour heading north toward I-94 East towards Chicago on Lake Cook Road. While I was in the middle lane, I felt a nudge on the left of my car which made my car shift to the right. I did not swerve out of the lane and gained control back quickly.

I slowed down and as I got my bearings, I realized that my left side mirror was knocked off and so I turned right onto Revere Drive and put on my hazard lights.

I got out of the car and saw that I had several dents on the side of my car. There were two that were deeper and larger than the others; one was located in front of the rear wheel and the other was in the center of the driver door.

I called 911 to file a police report and the officer said that I was side swiped by another car but, there were not any cars around me before or after the hit and also there were no paint scratches from other cars on my car.

Investigator Notes: This is not a UFO case. This is however, a case filed at the NUFORC that did receive a large amount of attention and was investigated by myself, Sam Maranto, Julie Maranto and Mark Rodeghier (CUFOS). The case involves unusual damage done by an unseen force. Be it prosaic or highly unusual, extensive damage remained. Please note that the above form (What are the details of the event) Observed the following: I had marked object(s) because it was a required field. There was NO OBJECT SEEN! Just needed to have something in for that field requirement.

"A young women was driving approximately 40-45 mph on Lake Cook Road while her car suddenly lurched to the right for no apparent reason." She had heard a loud thump and had looked in her rear view mirror and then to the left and right and of course in front of her, nothing was seen. She pulled over to the next side street and proceeded out of the car to evaluate the vehicle. It was painfully apparent that the whole left side of the car including the drivers mirror had been severely damaged. She then proceeded to call 911 & filed a police and file a report. The officer came out and evaluated the car and determined the damage was due to a hit and run. Feeling relative certain, that she had been side-swiped by a vehicle. She later contacted Peter Davenport, NUFORC, who on reviewing the photos sent to him referred the case to Sam Maranto. on 11-6-2008 

Further details will be available in the attachment.

Again, to make this crystal clear, no light, object, or any indication related to a UFO or for that matter anything was ever seen by the witness . There was extensive damage to the vehicle that doesn't completely fit known prosaic explanation.
