{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1948-05-15 15:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517814","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39905","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2581,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/814/mufon-5517814.json","updb_database_id":5517814}
{nd} 5x8 rectangular panel bright white shimmering irregular panes or euhedral crystal faces and then it was

I was not able to use the form above to even begin to explain what I would like to. I am a retired geologist and when I was ten or eleven years old I had an experience in another state on one of the farms my family owned. While I was at the farm with my father I wandered out into the pasture about 1/4 mile to a small pond. On my way back, probably 200 yards below the dam there was suddenly, to my left about 20 away, a sort of rectangular area that was irregular but definitely did appear to have depth. It was approximately 5x8 feet and very brillant shimmering white. It appeared to have straight sided panes or euhedral crystal faces. I only saw it for what I believe to be a few seconds and then I was sitting on the sloping bank where the light had been and I know now as I knew then that it simply was "later". I have absolutely no idea how much time had passed. I was also aware of a itch on my left leg. About half way between my knee and ankle there was a deep pit about 3/8" in diameter that just had a very light abraded area on it, not really a scab. That night my mother saw it and asked what happened and I simply had to tell her I didn't know. This pit is still there.  There has never been any doubt in my mind about what happened and it has always been present but not in any way dominate or intrusive. Another thing which ocurred, a comparable mark appeared in proximity to the first in the last few years and I have abolutely no idea how or exactly when this happened. My memory is and always has been phenominal. I have never said anything about this to anybody at anytime. I would like to be able to describe, in more detail, all of this to someone and have the use of a whiteboard to go into more detail. Ive spent most of my professional career teaching and training my peers on university and professional levels and can do a far better job than I have here.
