{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-08-31 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548814","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"8032","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3293,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/814/mufon-5548814.json","updb_database_id":5548814}
orange lights over Southern Ohio

My wife (driving), daughter (sleeping) and I were heading East on US 35 near Washington Court House, OH at about 9:45 pm on August 31, 2007. I was star gazing out the window since it was such a beautiful starry night. I noticed orange lights that appeared about 20 to 30 degrees off the horizon to the South. I don1t recall any immediate thoughts of what they might have been. The light intensity was probably about as bright as Venus in the evening sky. The color was definitely orange 1 much more orange than Jupiter (the surrounding stars were quite white, so it was not some type of atmospheric interference which changed the color). They just looked like pin points. The orange lights would appear in groups of two, three or even four. One would suddenly appear, then another about a second later and then others might follow at the same 1 second time interval and the same spacing. The second, third and fourth lights would appear about 1 to the full moon width away from the previous one. They appeared not to move, but because my vantage point was so far away and I was in a moving car, it was difficult to tell. They would stay lit for 5 to 10 seconds then immediately go away. I don1t recall whether they all extinguished at once, or at the same time interval as when they arrived. The next set of lights would appear maybe 30 seconds or a minute later in the same part of the sky, but not at the same spot as far as I could determine. The angle off the horizon would vary by 10 or so degrees, and the lights were always to the South. This went on for about 30 minutes, and we had traveled about 30 miles further East since the start. When I first saw the lights, they were fairly perpendicular to the car, but by the time I saw the last one, they were maybe 30 degrees behind perpendicular. This tells me that they could have been in space and moving West, or they could have been stationary maybe 60 miles away to the South based on triangulation. Over the course of about 30 minutes, I probably saw around 15 sets of these lights, although often, trees would block the view of the area to the South as we were driving.

The best analogy I can come up with is that a fast moving aircraft with no lights was ejecting something as it traveled across the sky about every second that would light up, or would burn due to the air friction as it was ejected. This cannot explain it because the light groups appeared at different spots in the sky 1 not in a line as if the aircraft was ejecting groups of items at intervals along a straight flight path. Also, the aircraft itself was not visible, so if it was friction, why wasn1t the aircraft glowing also?
