{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-13 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524814","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30993","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2796,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/814/mufon-5524814.json","updb_database_id":5524814}
round shaped light

I was standing outside with my dog at about 2230 on August 13, 2011. There had been severe thunderstorms in the area and it was beginning to clear up somewhat. A full Moon was breaking through the clouds and when I looked up in the sky to see if other clouds were breaking up I observed the following;

A bright white light that was round sort of like a flashlight beam was shining through the clouds close to the Moon. As the clouds moved the light stayed with them but it was moving around in no particular pattern. It would move very quickly and stayed with the clouds, it never moved away from the clouds. I noticed that it wouldn't come out into the clear sky and I knew this couldn't be a spotlight because there wasn't any type of leading trail from the light. I went inside my house and asked my wife to come outside and look for herself and when she saw the light she was scared. I told her I didn't think it was going to hurt us but she was getting nervous.

After a few minutes a young man who was about 20 years old was walking on our street in the subdivision (neighborhood) and as he walked toward our house my wife got his attention and asked him if he could see the "light" and he said "wow what is that"? I told him I did't know what it was and I asked him to explain what he see's and he said the same thing I did. It was a circular light hovering above the clouds moving around in erratic patterns, no other air traffic was present. 

We live in a very rural area and there are no street lights on the highway adjacent to my house and no aircraft could be seen anywhere. The first thing I did was to look for other aircraft and like I said none was present.

I am 51 years old a retired Navy Senior Chief Petty Officer(E8), I became a Navy Airwarfare Specialist in 1982 and have seen nearly every modern day aircraft the US Military has in it's arsenal. There are no aircraft that I know of that could do what the light did. I am also a retired City/local Police Officer and I have a total of 27 years of military and civilian Law experience. 

This is true to the best of my knowledge and the first time in my life that I have ever seen anything like this.
