{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-08-01 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454814","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106799","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2717,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/814/mufon-5454814.json","updb_database_id":5454814}
{jpg} Classic large triangle. 3 lights, can't recall color accurately. Other witness thinks the lights were green. 100% not an airplane.

Was watching shooting stars looking south early in the AM. A large triangle sort of snuck up on us from the south (near East Troy Airport). I can't recall seeing it come over the horizon. It may have been hovering there for the 5 minutes we were standing there. It would have looked just like stars if it wasn't moving.

No alcohol or anything, just my mother and I. We had set alarms to get up and observe a meteor shower the local news reported the prior evening. School was out (I was middle school age), and my mom worked for the school.

I assumed it was an airplane initially. After a few moments we were working to convince ourselves it was an airplane. Had a few seconds of staring in disbelief before we both got real nervous. I ran to wake up a third witness (while borderline terrified), but the object had gone over the treeline behind the house already before he got up.

I can't recall if it blocked out stars as it went past them, but my mother says it did. Reguardless I won't say definitely that it wasn't 3 separate objects, but it held a rigid triangular pattern. It was definitely much bigger than an airplane, much slower, and had ZERO noise as it flew over us. It was a calm night, it would have been easy to hear an airplane that close. 

We watched it go from the southern horizon(ish), to directly overhead. The depth perception I did have led me to believe it was enormous - I'll stand by that detail. The colors and wether or not it actually blocked out stars - I cannot vividly recall.

Last thought - no I'm not saying it was aliens, but it most certainly was something not known to the general public. If only we had cameras then! If I hadn't gotten nervous I would have had up to 45 seconds of observation time. I actively listened, and tried to make it an airplane - it failed every sensory test.

Thanks for reading. The date could be off by a year, it was definitely summer though during my middle school years. Hopefully someone else saw it.
