{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-05 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485814","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73912","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2824,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/814/mufon-5485814.json","updb_database_id":5485814}
{cak} Low flying object makes zig-zag flight path; several high flying objects

I only saw a small portion of a larger event. Most of what I write is what my wife Teresa and her sister Anna told me they observed. I came out later and only caught the tail-end of something rather unusual.

At 7:15 p.m. my wife and her sister were outside the house. Anna was getting ready to leave for home. It was very dark, clear skies, no moon, and no wind. 

Teresa and Anna observed a small white light due south at some distance, possibly one mile away. The object was traveling directly toward them and grew in size. It traveled to the edge of our field near the tree line; a distance of approximately 600 yards. It then made a sharp, 90 degree turn to the east and instantaneously turned bright red in color. 

It continued to travel east and immediately moved very quickly in an up and down zigzag-like fashion. No sound was heard. At this distance they would have heard a helicopter, but they insisted that they heard nothing and it was not a helicopter. Anna was still watching when Teresa noticed to the southwest, high the sky, a set of three lights in a triangle shape. The lights were traveling east. Teresa now called Anna's attention to this. Suddenly, they both observed several more lights, approximately eight in total number. All the lights were now traveling in many different directions. Again, no sound was heard.

Around this time Teresa called me to join them outside. When I got outside, a minute or two later, I too saw several lights flying in all different directions, as if they were looking for something. The lights were very high in altitude; seemingly similar to jet aircraft at cruising altitude. The lights very quickly flew off in different directions. 

As we stood about discussing this, I noticed in the distance a large dull red, round light; due south, very low and near horizon, the height of which was the tops of the trees at the far end of the field. It seemed very far off. It moved very slowly east, in a perfectly straight line. Stopped. Then moved very slowly west, again in a perfect straight line, stopping near were I had first saw it. It then disappeared. Nothing further was observed.
