{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-23 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481814","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78167","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5092,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/814/mufon-5481814.json","updb_database_id":5481814}
{dr}Intermittent streaks traveling east into long thin cloud no object seen. Two minutes later metallic object appears along cloud having SW

Left mother-in-law's house (FestusMO) with my wife driving a convertible car I'm in the front passenger seat car top down (no alcohol no drugs in system). Traveling on highway M about 8 miles south of Byrnes Mill Missouri and before Hwy 21, I noticed long white streaky clouds approximately three or 4 miles away best guess, then out of nowhere vapor streaks of appeared with no visible object in front of them (3 or so timed out every couple of seconds ---)
I thought how unusual the vapor streaks were very bright and straight heading east.
The vapor streaks maybe several hundred feet long stopped when they got to the narrow Cloudbank I had been watching. My emotions were that was interesting why could I not see a lead craft I see them all the time living in Ballwin Missouri on top of a hill and a frequent jet route both military and commercial. 
This really got my attention, and my wife noticed that something was up, she also saw the streaks but only after I pointed them out to her. I continued to watch this long drawnout Cloud Bank, when suddenly a darker metallic round (maybe cylinder) object appeared out of the clouds where the streaks went into them on the opposite side . This was more of a long drawnout cloud not very wide maybe quarter-mile half-mile wide. The object was traveling south by southwest ( away from the car ) and a moving along the edge of the cloud I watched it until I could not see it anymore. This was an interesting experience I honestly do not know what I saw experimental aircraft, extraterrestrial, don't know. One final observation was that when the craft was flying along the clouds it's speed compared to the speed of the streaks was maybe one fourth in other words it was moving much slower than whatever caused the streaks, that to me was not normal aircraft.

I'm not sure if this is the form for reporting my life UFO incidences, but here it goes condensed old to new.
1) My friend [name removed/CMS/dr] 1970s upstate Wisconsin while in car bright light comes towards car and the car electronics is fried, parents confirmed story.
2)1978 returning from Chicago to Cary Illinois I noticed several lights near Barrington Road and Algonquin Rd, upon finally getting to that intersection I noticed very large metallic object moving slowly and making a sound. This observation ended with me staring up at it outside of the car as it moved away from me . (The ironic part of the story is that [name removed/CMS/dr]  was the driver of the car). According to my high school science teacher there hadn't been strange sightings in this area before.
3) 1993 my mother had just passed away in her home at Venice Florida. That night I engaged in conversation with a retired Air Force Colonel. Getting into a spiritual conversation while holding his latter during a lightbulb replacement in front of his house, he told me a story that he claims he had only told a few people. Mid-1960s during practice touchdown and takeoffs and fighter jets they were scrambled to a identified flying object his partner In the lead 
Jet said that the object was doing circles around him before it left out of sight.
In the early a.m. After he had gone to bed his door suddenly opens and sure enough men in suits debrief after he had gone to bed his door suddenly opens and sure enough men in suits debrief him him and tell my moms neighbor that this never happened you will never talk about it or you will lose your career.
4) In approximately 2001 laying down face up on a pair in madeira Beach Florida I watched a circular object that actually appeared to be pinkish on color and about cloud high just go right by in a straight line faster than any military jet I have ever seen fly above me.
5) While visiting a friend of my wife's that lives a Little east of DeSoto Missouri. His property is on much acreage and on top of a hill. He opened up to me out of the clear blue that he had never been UFO kind of guy but and approximately April or May 2014 he had seen three or four white orb type of light moving at incredible speeds north east of DeSoto. I could tell from his story he was quite shaken up.
The End
Except for the last incident I'm reporting today. 
(Also it appears that there has been many sightings in Missouri in what I now call the triangle
an area going from Byrnes Mill to Arnold to DeSoto Missouri.)
