{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-14 17:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497814","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61520","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7451,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/814/mufon-5497814.json","updb_database_id":5497814}
{rjl} 9 or10 bright lights in

My wife and I live between Allentown and Emmaus,Pa. in a residential area.
On the evening of Nov.14, 2014 at 5:45 PM while departing our house to dine with another couple we spotted approx. 9 ivory/white lights in an up-side down "V" formation. Our car was next to our house and the front was positioned directly toward the lights, our 12 o'clock and 30 degrees vertically from the horizon. The number of lights and the perfect formation immediately caught our attention as they were moving slowly towards us (Northern direction). My wife was closing the front door of our house and I commented to her in a normal speaking tone,"What in the h-- is that?"
Initially we thought they were helicopters heading for Queen City Airport two miles from us. The field has two paved runways and is
home for many light aircraft and several business jets. Sometimes an Army Chinook helicopter lands there briefly.
We walked across our street into a dead end street which is perpendicular to our street to avoid a street lamp and by then the lights stopped movement.
The formation consisted of three lights on the left leg, one light on the point and five lights on the right leg. All were circular and bright white/red with somewhat blurry edges. My wife remembers them initially as being red however I saw them as she was closing our front door. It appeared they were ivory/white and after a minute or two I could see red in the mid section much like the equator is on earth but not a distinct border on the lights. The wide blurry red mid section (at least one third of the dia. of each light) on each was moving, either blinking very slowly or perhaps rotating. 
They appeared to be very slightly flickering with blurry edges but that might've been due to the atmospheric conditions.
I'd estimate the brightness was that of a car's headlight from two miles away. Altitude was unknown and we estimated their location as above the Eastern area of Emmaus, Pa. and several miles from us. They were brighter than any star but were smaller than the size 
of Venus on a mostly clear night.
There was not any sound heard during any time of this sighting.
The sky in our area was mostly clear with a number of clouds which were formed in a horizontal position. I did not see any moon and few stars were seen. We live near many new car dealers which have many lights in their lots and a small shopping center is directly across the street from the car dealers.
Shortly after stopping the three lights on the left leg began a vertical movement one above the other and faded becoming entirely red in color. They might have went into a cloud but I could not see (any cloud) at that distance. After the three faded away we heard and saw a one engine light aircraft to our right coming out of the East and heading in a Westerly direction on an intersecting course with the lights. Our ground lights made it possible for me to see the aircraft which appeared white with a light trim color. possibly yellow. I'd estimate the aircraft's altitude was approx. 2,000 ft. At the same time three very bright white lights appeared behind and below much farther out (South) from the right leg of the formation. They appeared to be moving in a Northerly direction to catch up with the lights that were stationary. They could've been the three lights that were in the left leg that climbed and faded away and were returning. These lights were now appearing much brighter and were similiar to an aircraft landing light. The three lights were lined up abreast of each other 
Meanwhile each light in the right leg of the initial formation took turns becoming brighter and a large white light appeared on the lights but not at the same time. No distinct pattern was seen. The two leading lights in the right leg came closer together almost touching and their color was definately bright red. 
The light aircraft was now very close to the unidentified lights and crossed in front of them. By then we could not hear the engine sound of the light aircraft.
The five lights remained stationary, somehow one light had disappeared leaving five lights, as we entered our car and drove in a Southernly direction to meet our friends who were about three miles from our house. A Norfolk Southern freight train passed us 150 ft. to our left (Lehigh Line to Reading and Harrisburg). The track elevation rises as the line enters Emmaus,Pa. 
After stopping for a series of signal lights, I saw four lights appear just above but way out from the train. This would be in my 10 o'clock position. They were closer or larger than before. While noticing they were yellow, I observed three additional lights appearing to their right (my left). These were larger and brighter with a deeper amber color and they were separated from the four yellow lights. I'd estimate their size as an aspirin held at my arms length, larger than the other lights. I strongly believe all these lights were the same that we saw at our house. Our location at that time was about one mile plus from our house (in a straight line Southernly in direction).
I'm a military veteran and the three amber lights resembled flares but no smoke emitting from them and they were stationary.
Our road dropped in elevation and between that and the moving freight train we could no longer see the lights. The time was about
6: 10 PM.
I am retired and have excellent eye sight with glasses mainly used for reading but I was wearing them during this entire event. I have been a lifetime aviation enthusiast. The lights were definately not any type of aircraft or flares . 
The following day I stopped at the Queen City airport and they indicated they had not heard about the sighting and mentioned the airport closes around 6 PM. However the light aircraft we saw which I believe was a Cessna could probably still land there as the field has night landing lights.
Lehigh Valley Airport (ABE) a medium size airport for airliners is about 8 to 10 miles Northeast from our house and I'm sure they would've warned that light aircraft about the light objects if in fact
they appeared on their radar. We were very surprised the light aircraft headed directly towards the lights and came very close.
Well over 100,000 people live in this very spread out area which includes Allentown, Emmaus, Bethlehem and other small towns.
Pa. Rt. 309 joins with Interstate 78 and both are very heavily traveled plus it was Friday night at rush hour. The lights had to be seen by many people.
Our thoughts during the sighting which still continues is this was a significant event. We have been to many air shows and aviation events over a period of many years. My wife told me that after the event she knew the lights had to be unidentified objects.
The light aircraft should not be too difficult to track down.
