{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-12 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502814","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56177","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2460,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/814/mufon-5502814.json","updb_database_id":5502814}
{cak} Descended with incredible speed,able to shift density,NOT MAN MADE.

My friends and i were in a field located at a local church in Fairfax, VA. I was gazing at the stars above when i noticed a stationary star like object descend at incredible speeds to who knows where. With the speed this object had descended, i had no doubt in my mind it was ET in nature. I was not at first amazed since i had seen 5 different types of ariel phenomena prior to the incident. It was then that we all saw a star like object just appear out of thin air, yes thin air, and begin a straight flight path. We quickly noticed that the object did NOT have any blinkers or distinctive man made traits to it whatsoever. The object then started to change densities and momentarily vanished, only to reappear again further from where originally spotted. The reason i know it had changed densities is because when it disappeared, i was still able to see it clearly through my 3rd eye even though my friends had believed to loose sight of it.(no this is no joke, i have been training myself to see higher frequency like anomalies for the past couple of years). We would then see this object appear and disappear, flying in a straight path, and began to notice more star like objects fill up the sky.At first the emotion i felt was, instinctively fear. But when i stopped allowing myself to fear what i did not know, i immediately felt a warm feeling of love entering my body. From the time period of 1-4 AM (Eastern Time) we had seen about 4-5 different aerial phenomenas occurring. It was only when night had ended and day was starting that we did not see any more star like objects in the sky. This has just been one encounter witnessed by my friends and I, and can assure much more to come since we have seen them consistently every night since the start of the month of May.
