{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-01-23 21:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455814","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105793","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2497,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/814/mufon-5455814.json","updb_database_id":5455814}
{rjl} Very Bright Reddish Orange Light, Brighter than any Star or Planet

Very Bright Reddish orange light, darker red than Mars viewed by eye, and much brighter. Seemed larger than any planet because I think it was closer in the atmosphere. Visible stationary several minutes then gone. Clear sky that one spot. Knocked on neighber's door, he said "thanks for showing me". I said "I've never seen anything like it" because of the brightness, color and size. Then it maybe turned and faded, or got obscured by thin cloud and was gone. Lower in the sky then , moving left, was a more normal plane or helicopter object, or the same one obscured by clouds. If I'd seen just that, I wouldn't hzve thought anything of it. Could have been 2 objects, can't be sure. When I saw the second, I called it s helicopter, only becsuse it had been stationary. Helicopters around here don't sit in one spot that long, and they are not that bright. The sun has been set for a while now, 9 PM, give or take a few minutes, January.I did not actually think it was a helicopter. That second obscured light might have been, either blinking or intermittently visible.  I'm just reporting anything unusual, and this was. UFO, can't explain it. Although I repeatedly called it z helicopter only because I haven't met this guy, even though I think the first light was a helicopter, he never said, yeah, must be a helicopter. Older respectable gentleman. I said, "what was it doing just sitting in one place, he didn't say the usual, could be a planet or star, he said "looking around,". Most people don't think UFO first, especially guys like this, so he must have thought it was an unusual craft possibly too. Not much more to say than that. Last time, probably the ISS we figured out possibly, I filmed it. This was weird enough I didn't think to film it and wanted to show one, besides I'm having problems with all my cameras.
