{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-08-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458814","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102712","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4503,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/814/mufon-5458814.json","updb_database_id":5458814}
{cak} UFO Sightings In Ocean Country NJ

Over the past few years I have seen a tremendous number of UFO's in Central New Jersey at the areas known as "The Jersey Shore" I like to lie on the beach at night and watch these UFO's and other Celestial Phenomena that occurs in my area. I have noticed that this activity appears to be centered around the McGuire Arm-Navy "SuperBase" If you look at the base on google maps - you will see the normal military base, surrounded by Skiffs and a Bombing Range but in-between their are long SpaceShip-Sized cut fields with helicopter pads next to them - in the middle of the "Pasadena Wildlife Management Area" 

Two years ago, On a Thursday Night, after dark - it was like Uncle Sam decided to bring out his fancy toys. Their were UFO type Craft that could make hairpin turns and Military Craft in very close proximity to each other. In addition to small Triangle shaped drones, I also saw a larger triangle "link up" with a smaller one during flight. That night the most interesting thing I witnessed was a giant flying ship that resembled a 747 but was much much larger and stopped in mid-flight, then landed vertically. But whatever this vehicle was - it was flying kind of normally (no noise) - then just stopped, hovered, then vertically landed like an F-35, even though it was the size of a city sky-scrapper. 

I found it interesting to see so many military aircraft that I had never seen on the internet or even heard about before. And to see what I presume to be Alien Crafts, ones the look like shooting stars when they fly around - they were in the area for the entire time observing or landing. 

Finally, The Next Night - at a different beach, close to the same area, I was by myself and had the opportunity to shoot a UFO with a DSLR camera on a tripod. I took both still images and videos. The UFO uses the light pen effect to draw out symbols in the sky. Also I applied filters and you can see pulses-of uniform amplitude and different frequencies - the light the UFO was emitting was multiplexed - an effect which does not exist in nature. My Computer is stuffed with pictures and video’s of their craft – Astro-photography during the night is a challenge I enjoy immensly!

Since this event; my relationship these beings continues to grow as I home my ability to communicate with them improves. I see their ships flying around more and more frequently! Their presence in my life seems to be a vehicle or indicator of positive change. I used to be afraid of them but I realized my fear was only because of superficial reasons.. Inside they are loving beings, almost like us looking for humanities hand in friendship - I think they want to build a future on Earth with us.

If you wish to see more information about the UFO’s around McGuire AFB – Join the Town’s Public Facebook page and if you do not already see a UFO post –just about everyone from these towns surrounding the base has had some kind of experience with non-human intelligence and strange lights.
