{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-16 01:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495297","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64150","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3077,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/297/mufon-5495297.json","updb_database_id":5495297}
{rjl} Project Blue Beam

My house has been very active for 2 months now. I see movement every day and night, and it would seem like someone has offloaded their entire zoo onto the earth. The first photo I got was of something with glowing eyes and no body. Then I started getting pics of gray shafts of...smoke(?), which, once I started getting better pics of them, turned out to be tubes that end on a dime, distinctly, as if they have gone into a wall that I am unable to see. Also, every single pic I take outside has a big blue beam going right down the center. Last week I took a close-up pic of the screen on my porch, where one of the "eyes" always appears, and in the pic you can see a tiny orange dot, and a wire going in and out, so I know this is at least part fraud, but very much NOT a nickel-and-dime operation. The light and the wire are almost impossibly tiny. There have been military helicopters flying over my house. One night about a month ago I took a night walk in my neighborhood and saw a man, who was about 95% invisible. It was exactly like one You Tube video I saw; a US soldier running back into the tank, and he was wearing something that made him almost invisible. I have reached out for help from many many people and organizations and have not gotten a single email back, out of maybe 20. As an expiriment I posted an ad on Craigs List, titled Project Blue Beam, and wrote all about it and said Email me for pics. Zero responses. Every time I try to call MUFON or other orgs I get a recording, This number is no longer in service etc.... I don't know if I am NASAs guinea pig, or if something big is really about to happen. What I read about Blue Beam is exactly what is happening here; lots and lots of demonic imagery. I am desperate for help. Please call me. I know many of my emails are not getting through, and I don't expect this to either, so the phone is the best bet maybe. This is a legitimate SOS. Everything I've said is absolutely true, and every pic I've taken has not been altered in any way. Please please please help me!!!
