{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490297","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69295","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2998,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/297/mufon-5490297.json","updb_database_id":5490297}
{cak} Early 1990's heading West in Anaheim, Ca. At a stop light. Saw thousands of back objects of various sizes in the sky.

Around 1992 or 1993, while driving from Trabuco Canyon, Ca. to Anaheim, Ca. for a meeting at the LEARNING LIGHT FOUNDATION at 7:30 p.m. My friend, Judy was driving. We came to a red traffic light on Lincoln and Harbor in Anaheim. I looked up and saw thousands of these black "shadow" disc shapes in the sky. They were everywhere. My first comment to Judy was, "What the h*** is that? She said, "I don't know." The light changed to green and we drove on to our destination. I could still see these black oval shapes. Some were quite large. The remainder were of various sizes. Don't know if, the size was determined by distance from them to me or not. The sky was full of these objects. I heard no sound. No lights. No metal configurations. They were very similar to "shadows" in the sky. My sense was this wasn't a good thing. Strangely, Judy and I never talked about it, again. We didn't mention the experience to those at the meeting. Just kind of ignored the whole experience. How could there have been so many objects in the sky and no one else seemed to notice them? I would estimate over 1,000 objects. As of today, I've never heard of such a sighting. Would be interested in knowing if, others have had this same experience and their thoughts on what all those black spots were doing in the sky?

In early 1950, I was presented with the sight of a Burnished Gold UFO flying over my house. It was silent. I ran outside (I was a teenage at the time) These black objects were nothing like what I had seen years before. The memory has stayed with me all these years and I didn't know what to do with the information. And, who would believe me....I wasn't a teenager at this last sighting. As far as this sighting is concerned, that is all I can recall. It had pretty much only lasted during the red light and as we drove on down the street. The sun was getting into our eyes and driving was difficult because of it. Oddly, I don't recall any other traffic in the area.....

I've had other experiences but, this one is the one that stays with me. Why didn't the jets from El Toro Marine base take pursuit or at least, investigate???? 

I appreciate your time in reading about my sighting. Maybe, someone out there has answers for me. 'Cause, I sure don't have any.
