{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491297","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68272","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3328,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/297/mufon-5491297.json","updb_database_id":5491297}
2nd floor balcony looking the clear sky saw two triangles brightening like white led lights floating in paralel formation

I was in my sculpture class and I want to smoke a cigarette and take a break, I went to the balcony in the 2nd floor, I lighted up the cigarette and started to look the sky.
With the corner of my eyes I detected a bright white light and immediately focus on the object, it was a perfect shaped triangle bright as led light. I tried to define if it was a meteorite leaving a path, but it was solid, nothing steam like. It was floating and moving with no sound. I tried to see shades or engines, something that told me it was a plane, may be an Eurofighter that is very triangular shaped, or a F-35 or even a F-117 , ( I always love planes and I watch them in youtube) but these planes are designed to not being detected. But this objets were all light, and look flat. I grabbed my IPhone and tried to open the camera with the slide motion button but I couldn't, I get nervous I want to keep looking so I resigned to take the picture, all this happened in two seconds. Then I saw the other identical triangle, they were rotated in the same way and they keep a constant distance between each other. I looked down to see if someone was looking up, there is a supermarket on the other side of the street, and no one was looking up. The two triangles keep moving and I started to call my class mates "Came outside!, Came outside! They didn't understood, also the glass door was closed, and I kept looking up a shouting at them. The two objects never changed color, direction, or intensity of light. The objects passed over the building, so I lost sight of them when. I entered and my class mates looked at me like a crazy and asked what have happened. And I told them "I saw two triangles etc..." They didn't reacted, and make jokes, and continue with the class. The professor told my I was lucky to see something like that.

My life changed, that things were too strange. I sent an e-mail to the Air Force of my country that have the CRIOVNI program to report these events but they never answered me.

I made my own research, I found that the russians were spying South America with planes at that date. ( now I can't find that link). But to spy you have to be as invisible as possible.
Then I found a video that looks similar to what I saw. [Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]. But the object in the video is very much smaller has blurry edges and a darker area in the center. What I saw were perfect geometrical triangles.
