{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-10-08 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457297","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104275","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2718,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/297/mufon-5457297.json","updb_database_id":5457297}
{tjd} UFO in Pennsylvania, opBrady's Bend Township

On October 8, 2019 my family and I witnesses a UFO flying approx 50-75 feet above our home, then landing approx 100 feet away, past the tree line, diaganal from our home. It was blimped shaped but oval on the bottom. It had hundreds of small blue and red lights with four large round white lights, almost like spot lights, that lit up the entire ground below. It was so close I could see the details on the bottom of the ship. Black squares the whole way around, lights, gray in color, blimp like top, oval-like bottom and no landing gear. No propellers, etc.... It was not a plane or helicopter. The object was larger than our 2 story house and made the Car Wash, it flew over, look small. It made absolutely no sound. Complete silence....even as we were outside looking up at this giant object floating in the dark sky, there was no sound. We were scared and in complete shock. No photos of videos were taken. It all happened too quickly. After it went over the hillside/tree line to land, we waited about 15 minutes to see if it would come back up. It did, but only for a second and then right back down again. Still no sound. We then waited inside, by our window until 11pm, that night but never saw it depart. There were other witnesses of that flying object.

At the same time this was happening, nearby residents of East Brady were also seeing several flying objects - with glowing lights, flying above the Allegheny River. I did see a video that a family member took. The footage was further away than what we saw at our home. This object video taped was about 5 minutes down the road from us. These were two separate objects, flying at the same time.

Shortly after the aircraft we saw above our home landed, two airplanes came flying extremely low, directly above where the object landed. They came about 5 minutes apart. It's a very rural area with hillsides, so we don't normally see low flying airplanes. We are located in the Western Pennsylvania Gamelands. The whole night was strange. I never believed in UFO's until I witnessed one myself that night.
