{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-28 17:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285719","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117682","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3146,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/719/mufon-5285719.json","updb_database_id":5285719}
I saw flashes of light then 3 real faint orb shaped objects hovering then merging together making one brighter light.

On August 28 I witnessed 3 separate flashes of light in the northwestern sky . I focused on that portion of the sky and saw three faint but distinctive orbs hovering approx. 1500 to 2000 ft. in the air. One orb ascended rapidly above the clouds then quickly returned to its original position. The three orbs merged together which made a brighter light. The light then departed in a western direction. The light returned within a few seconds and separated into three orbs again.. The orbs were stationary for a few seconds then merged together again making a brighter light. The light then ascended into the cloud traveling in a eastern direction. I thought the light would emerge from the clouds but instead it must have turned or stopped above the clouds and changed directions because it exited the cloud on what appeared to be the same path it was on when entering the cloud. The light traveled rapidly to the NW until it was out of sight. The light returned about a minute later and flew into or above the clouds in a NE direction where I lost sight of the light. At this point I went in my house and got my camera. I sat my chair in a position so I could see more of the horizon and above. I focused the camera (cannon Rebel factory zoom lens) on distant clouds for quick reference point. I watched the sky for a few seconds then saw a bright light descending on a steep angle from the east. I raised my camera and snapped a still photo of an object just before it entered the cloud. I was amazed when I looked at the replay on the camera screen. I zoomed in on the object and discovered i had photographed two distinctive violet colored orbs with glowing silver edges around the orbs that appear to be touching. A very faint third orb is trailing the first two and can barely be seen. I have the photos, SD card and Several printed copies of the object. I have not shared this with anyone except family and close friends because i have no explanation of what this is. Please contact me I want to share this to get some answers. I filed a previous report on 8/30/2021 assigned number 117654. The close ups I have are of decent quality and good color
