{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-02-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289719","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113634","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5098,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/719/mufon-5289719.json","updb_database_id":5289719}
Shadow but with mass and form in detail

Me and my brother used to share a room when we was younger ( about 30 years ago ) I remember my other younger brother being born and having his own room as a baby so helps me know when this took place. The reason I'm telling you now is because it was erased from my mind somehow but can now remember in full detail. Was wondering if maybe it was a very old dream, but then remembered that my older brother was in the room with me and screamed at the time so decided it if was true to phone an ask him... As I was describing what went on all them years ago, I got held way through then he stopped me an told back the rest of the story !!! So totally confirmed that it must of 100% happed to us... This is what happened..... We had a bunk bed and I was on top. Our door was open about a inch or two letting in some small light from the landing light that was on.. I woke up an could see quite clearly the room and it's furniture even though it was night time because of the light coming in through the door. I opened my eyes laying on my back to see above me a shadow form or a very dark mass that was similar to a door but on the Celine ! It had its eyes fixed at mine and kept its gaze for a few minutes. I was frozen solid, all I could move was my eyes. I knew it knew I could see it, bit it couldn't care less. Saw me as no treat at all. After it had had enough of looking at me it turn around slowly ( again showing it had no fear of me ) an walked slowly to the other side of the room an paused at the wall.. after maybe 30/40 seconds it took its front legs an placed them on the wall. Then after another 20 seconds or so it then put its back legs on the wall too and started to climb down the walk easily. It stopped over some draws still on the wall an again waited a few seconds,,,, THEN it jumped off the wall into the middle of the floor with its head gazed at what I thought was my sleeping brother beneath me. It watched him for a couple minutes then slowly stepped towards him taking its time.. I wanted to warn my brother as it kept getting closer but was still frozen an could not speak. .. I could not move my head an it soon came out of my sight but I knew it was getting closer to him.. all of this was in total silence.. then my brother let out a very loud scream and I saw this shadow form speed towards the door at like 1000 miles an hour,,, super fast, as it got close to the door it turned into some sort of most that went through the small gap... Then that's it,,, I have no more memory and instantly forgot about what had happened for decades. Was erased from my head... I remember it very very very clearly now though ! I can remember the lay out of the room ,, the whole house and it's surroundings too. Even the address of the house. I was about 12 at the time. I'm now 42. .. when I asked my brother about this I told him the story upto this form waling across the Celine. He cut me off and finished off the story exactly . But could tell me the small part that I did not get to see. He said he too was frozen an could see it walking slowly towards him. As it got to him it stopped an just looked for a moment then slowly lifted it's leg ? Paw ? Limb and started to slowly reach out to him. It touched his arm and that's when he screamed an it shot out of the room . He too had everything erased somehow from his mind for decades.. after thinking about what took place. It's very strange that none of our parents came in to look at what the scream was about. This is a 100% story and I'm will to take a lie test. I can draw a good lay out of the room if needed too , I'm also willing to be hipnotized so you can see the fear in my face and voice. It never touched me so I know I'll only have to face it . I was on top bunk remember. It was bloody close to me... Hell knows what it was doing to me before I woke up. I have seen many lights in the sky ever since , UFO???? I've had a massive connection with space planets , black holes and stars too. Most of all I feel drawn to Orion's belt... I ended up becoming religious after I remembered my encounter too, but as I read the Bible, the Tora and the krana.. I started to see that they all basically said the same thing , and that beings from the sky taught us how to do ...... So put two an two together and can see that we have been being visited be higher beings since the beginning. Most likely even made by them. If we are to believe the Holly books as proof of history, then it clearly states that.
