{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-14 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483719","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76143","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2737,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/719/mufon-5483719.json","updb_database_id":5483719}
{nd} i witnessed a very slow moving object at night very high in sky with a very bright reflective surface.

i live in las vegas nevada towards the west side of the valley. on or about the evening of april 14 2016 at about 8 pm i stepped out onto my backyard patio to enjoy the clear night sky. i noticed a spotlight shining into the sky towards the west. i figured it was at the red rock casino to mark its anniversary. as i looked at the spotlight moving through the sky i noticed a very bright reflection of something in the sky also towards the west. it was about 45 degrees up from the horizon. at first my thoughts were that it was an airplane, but there were no navigation lights at all. then i thought it could be a satellite, but it was moving way too slow and the reflection emitted was tremendously bright, square in shape, very large in size, and appeared to be caused by rotation of the object. i then thought it could be the space station, but i have seen that many times and it never appeared to look like the light i was seeing. definitely not a planet, nor the moon either. the object was moving in a straight line from west to east and very, very slowly. at times the reflection would be intensely bright for a couple of seconds then dim to darkness and many seconds later be intensely bright again. this pattern repeated itself for the entire time i watched as it slowly traveled to the east where i lost sight of it behind my neighbors tree line.the size of the reflection was that of a BB or pellet held at arms length. the reflection seemed to be very high in altitude. there were airliners in night sky and they moved quickly in and out of view. the light i saw was visible to me for about 15 minutes. i was totally mesmerized by what i saw. i suppose i can explain it away as the spotlight shining on something traveling high in the atmosphere, but i would like to know if other people saw this as well. i have never seen anything move that slowly through the sky and exhibit such a bright light whether emitted or reflected. its been in my thoughts ever since. thnx for any info u may be able to provide regarding my sighting.
