{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1966-03-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500719","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58371","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2494,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/719/mufon-5500719.json","updb_database_id":5500719}
{rjl} Very large UFO with exterior lights moving around circumference

1966 Atlanta, GA 
Very large silver/gray disc-like object hovered over entire shopping center across the street from La Vista Villas Apts. located in a densely populated area in Atlanta, GA. Many people saw it and Dad reported it to the USAF shortly thereafter. There were blue lights which were part of the object (embedded in the outer circumference of the object), and the lights were square and all connected and moved around the outer circumference in a continuous pattern. The object was huge and it covered almost the entire shopping center across the street which shopping center at that time was comprised of a grocery store and several other stores within a small Mall area all connected in one large lengthy structure. The UFO hovered for a long time - several minutes - directly over the shopping center - very close to the roof of the entire structure - and then lifted up slightly and took off at a slight angle almost straight up with vast speed and it was gone. Parents had just arrived home early evening from dinner in their car and had parked in parking lot for La Vista Villas Apts. (high rise apartment buildings)directly across the street from this shopping center. This occurred in a very densely populated area and many people saws it. Mom hurried out of the car and ran to our apartment building and Dad was walking briskly behind her trying to get his camera ready to take a photo but could not get a photo before the object abruptly left. Dad died a few years ago but Mom is 78 and remembers it well.

The area should basically still be the same.
Total number of witnesses for this report is 2 - my Mom and Dad - but probably 100's of people saw it and when Dad called to report it to the USAF he asked if other people had reported it, and the person he spoke with told him yes many people had called.
