{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-05-02 03:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476719","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83507","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3529,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/719/mufon-5476719.json","updb_database_id":5476719}
{dr}group of 10 moving SW to NE no sound approx. 1000 ft altitude.

I was outside my home, as I don't sleep well and often go out to star gaze. Standing in my driveway facing west at 3 am 5-2-2017 and off my left side vision looking up at approximately a 15% from vertical I noticed movement and looked directly at the objects. They were dimly lit light tan in color moving with no sound from my left to my right. Event only lasted about 6/7 seconds before they were out of view to the north east. I noticed as they passed over head they reminded me of a football team, front line and then line backer line, with movement and changing positions but always moving in unison as a group. I figured the altitude of them was about 1000 foot. The size of each of the round lit tan orbs was about the size of a dime or penny.

I have had many sightings here in this town as have a number of my friends here also, but this was the closest event for me. 

There didn't seem to be one structure that they were all part of but just a group of them all moving together. 

Then the next night, 5-3-17 at about the same time 3 am, I was up and decided to go out to see if there might be any again? I was in the same location on my driveway facing west looking at about the same angle on the east side of my house. Watched for about 3-4 minutes, nothing, so I moved around to the back side, west side of my house to have a further view west to watch for a few minutes. Within just a moment I seen three groups of them coming from the SW heading in the same direction as the night before and about the same altitude, but not moving as fast. Each of the three lines of groups had 6-10 dimly lit light tan orbs moving and acting the same as the night before. This night I had my very bright flash light with me and shown it right at them but there was to reflection or change in their path. Then about 3 or 4 seconds another object following the same path and at the same altitude came into view but it was definitely a triangle with just 3 lite tan orbs, one of each corner. Solid body this one was and I shined my light on it and could see it was solid, and as it passed overhead it would block out the stars behind. It appeared to be about 8 to 10 foot on each side of the craft. The surface of it appeared to be a dull gray with no reflection from my light, and it did not react to my light either.

This sighting lasted just a few seconds also as they all passed to the NNE and out of my sight. Pretty exciting. My cell phone camera could not detect them as they were not bright enough. I am going to be out there again tonight with a digital camera that might pick them up of there is another event. Seems odd that both sightings were following the same path and at about the same altitude, with just a slight speed difference.

I have had a number of sighting while living in this town over the last 17+ years, as have many others here.
