{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-06 20:31:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288719","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114644","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2678,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/719/mufon-5288719.json","updb_database_id":5288719}
A white glowing ball flying I'm a straight line extremely fast.

Me and my brother were standing outside having a talk about our personal lives, future and stiff. It was late at night and the sky was so beautiful. We first saw two shooting stars wich was odd considering I've never seen a shooting star in my life untill then and for no reason a white ball was flying across the sky in a very consistent motion. I couldn't tell the distance. But it was moving very fast. I tried to see if it was just another plane because that night the sky was full of em. But the tell tale signs of the multi color lights that most planes have were not there. It was solid white. I pointed it out to my brother and we couldn't believe it. It must have been in about 10 or so seconds of us looking at it and then it changed into a blue light and then just vanished completely. I've no idea what happend.. this showed itself at night a few days ago.. but I can't remember quite when. I've a bad time with remembering days. The reason I've only mentioned this now is because... well I've got this feeling.... and I've been having weird imaginings... I've been truly afraid for some reason.. no reason I should be but I am. And.. I don't know if this was real or not.. but just a few minutes ago.. I thought to myself about a theoretical possibility of communication, why it darted after me taking notice. And while thinking.. a strange static sound popped into my head and some weird creaky pitches just echoed... I really don't know what's going on. It's kinda terrifying. I don't know. I hope this helps in some way... I might just be another voice.. but I just want whoever reads this to know that I've never done anything like this before. I've never submitted anything. Please take this and just think about it... I'm honestly so conflicted. I don't know whether to believe what I saw or what.. I don't want my minds playing tricks on me.. look I'm normally not a scared person.. last time I've ever been scared was like when I was 10 or 11. This has rubbed me wrong in a very uncomfortable way.
