{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-13 18:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513719","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44545","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3801,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/719/mufon-5513719.json","updb_database_id":5513719}
(GS) Bright orangeish to yellowish light, round in shape, object made no noise

I was simply outside in my backyard like I am on every clear sky night with my SLR digital camera taking pictures of stars and planets. Well, out of the corner of my left eye, I noticed this incredibly bright orange-yellowish-goldish colored light. I looked in the direction that this light to see what it was and noticed that it was no more than 1,000 feet up in the air and was moving really slow, too slow for any type of airplane. I thought it could be a helicopter but I immediately dismissed that because it was too low in the sky and made absolutely no noise at all and the object didn't have any type of strobe lights, which all aircraft are required by the F.A.A. to run their strobe lights during flights.

The object only had one light, and it looked like as if the entire round object was just one big light. Just one big orangeish/yellowish/goldish light and was moving from the South-West to the North-East. I watched the object and got the entire event on video (two parts). I was able to watch the object move to the N.E. up until it flew behind the neighbors tall trees and at that point I could no longer see it. Although, I kept watching to see if it would emerge from behind the trees because I knew it was heading N.E. before it went behind the tree line.. and with estimating its speed at 20MPH to 30MPH, I technically should have eventually seen it come out from behind the tree line, but I never did.. and I know it didn't turn and head N.W. because I didn't see it come from the N.W. side/end of the tree line either. So, with that said.. Ive come to the conclusion that whatever it was... it was able to completely disappear and completely turn off its light to the point where it was completely invisible to the human eye.

I have the incident on Hi-Definition Digital video and I also have quite a few other UFO/Orb events on video that I have witnessed over the past 6 to 7 months.

The moment I seen this bright glowing light, moving at really slow speeds.. and then suddenly disappearing like it was never there, my reactions/feelings were that of, "I cant believe that I just witnessed this!" I had mixed feelings of excitement/confusion and I also had the goosebumps all over my body.

If you would like the video of this event or any of my other videos that I have personally filmed, just let me know as I am very eager to get this information and videos out to the world.
