{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493719","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65789","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4487,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/719/mufon-5493719.json","updb_database_id":5493719}
{rjl} Very large spacecraft seen in the 70s. Multicolored lights. Very low hovering on Woodland St deadend. Many witnesses. Got in the car to follow. Drove on 691 and UFO disapeared near hills of Hubbard Park.

This is an event that happened a long time ago. Im writing this as its something that has always stuck out in my mind and was recently doing a search to see if there had been any other reports of this around the same timeframe. 

This was a past event that happened sometime in the 70s. I was probably around 11 years old at the time, so thinking the timeframe may have been around 1977/1978. 

I remember I was at my brother and (then at the time) sister in law's apartment. It was a 2 family house at the very end of Woodland St in Meriden at the dead end. My brother was not there and I was spending time with my sister in law. I believe we were doing a craft project. 

I remember it was getting darker out early so it must have been in the fall Oct or Nov. It must have been around 6 or 7pm. We had left the house because my sister in law was going to bring me back home (I lived in Southington. As we walked to the driveway, we immediately saw something huge in the sky. It was so big and so close to the ground, it was hovering just a little higher than the tree tops. It moved slowly back and forth in either direction but basically stayed in the same spot hovering. It was so large we were actually standing under it for a little while. Again, I wish I could remember all the details vividly but it was so long ago. I do remember multicolored lights underneath it. I believe they had a flicker or blink to them. The rest of the craft looked to be of a thick slate gray colored metal. It was a long circle shape from what I remember. What really stood out to me was the extremely large size. 

I remember my sister in law saying to me. What is that?? I don't think we were scared but just very curious at the time. 

I really cant remember what happened next as far as what happened to the object. If it started to ascend into the air or I don't remember seeing it ascend. 

I remember my sister in law telling me to get in the car we were going to follow it.. so it must have started to move from where we had seen it hover. 

As we were driving down the street. We could see it in the sky, so it was no longer in the location we saw it in. It was still pretty low in the sky though. As we were driving down the street, we had seen a few people..like someone on their bike who stopped to look at it and a couple of walkers. We pulled the car over and rolled down our window and my sister in law said to them, Are you seeing what we are seeing? They said Yes. She had asked them if they knew what it was, they said no idea. 

From woodland St we had gone on Chamberlain hwy, still following the craft but at this point could see it had gone much higher in the sky. We had gotten onto 691 heading towards Southington. While on the highway, tall rocks, had obstructed my view and when we had reached an area of highway where the rocks didn't obstruct my view, I didn't see it anymore. Unsure whether it went too high in the sky, turned a different direction or just disappeared. But last seen high near the cliffs at Hubbard Park, along 691 highway. 

There was at least 5 witnesses out on the street of Woodland st that night that we had stopped the car along the way to talk to. From the size of this, there had to be many more that saw it. 

Just curious if anyone else had reported something similar around this time. 

My sister in law is no longer married to my brother. Throughout the years, I have seen her infrequently but when I do, she brings up this story...Remember when we saw something? ... I haven't seen her in awhile but next time I run into her, I will have to question her on what she remembers of that night. Perhaps she has more details
