{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-18 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499719","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59414","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2944,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/719/mufon-5499719.json","updb_database_id":5499719}
{jd} two lines of lights that changed position s and disappeared

I saw it twice. First, I was driving South on Hwy 43 in Colbert County, Alabama, just North of Littleville in a strip of farm land known locally as the "cotton flats". There were angular clouds that come when fog is about to set in. There was a sudden series of flashes that I thought was lightning at first to the Southeast of my position. I quickly realized that it was green and blue and all hews in between and couldn't be. I slowed the vehicle down and started realizing that the clouds were starting to glow with lights that seemed to be scanning outward. Then the object/objects lowered beneath the cloud radiating still from blue to green and back again. It was two lines of circular (maybe slightly oval) lights in two parallel lines. I am awful with depth perception so the size (though cover a significant amount of space in the sky) would be impossible to accurately guess. The lines would hover and then shift attitude ccontinuing the light show. I was slowing down more and trying to reach for my phone in the floorboard to take a shot of it. Then the lights at the top of the parallel lines got closer together while the ones incthe back pinwheeled further apart. Both lines stayed straight but were at approximately 45 degee angles of each other.Then, they took off. I am not sure HOW to discribe this. It didnt fade away or simply disappear BUTit pointed ti the Southeast and then jus went. It was so fast, my eyes peceived it like acloud of lights vanishing like a fast car would leave dust floating where it had been. I thought I had lost my mind. I travel another five to ten minutes South on 43 and begin coming inti Russellville. It reappeared. I grabbed my phone, got the camera pulled up continued driving and tried to snap a photo. I thought it had disappeared befire I could catch it on film but I managed to capture a streak of blue on the middle of the sky at the left center of the photograph. That is basically it. I sincerely though I had lost my mind after a long day on the road until I saw it the second time and caught that streak of light on the photo. Thanks for giving me a place to tell my story. I would LOVE if you can explain this away.
