{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-07-11 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283719","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119714","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3116,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/719/mufon-5283719.json","updb_database_id":5283719}
Observed unusual movement of lights in the sky

While on a camping trip around July of 1973, I was 13 years old and was with a group of scouts sleeping on a sloping clearing on the north side of Black Pine Lake. It was after sunset and we had told stories around the fire for a while before going to bed. We were laying in sleeping bags on the grassy ground with a thin screen of Douglas Fir trees between us and the lake. As I lay trying to go to sleep, I noticed two lights about twice as bright as the surrounding stars. My first impression was that they were two bright stars. They were lined up vertically, from my vantage point. The top one was above the tree line, and the other was visible in between the tree tops. As I lay there observing these lights, the top one suddenly was in motion to my left without any sound or change in the brightness of the light. It suddenly stopped about 45 degrees from where it had been. The whole movement took from 1 to 2 seconds. As I pondered this movement, I was in disbelief that a star could move like that. I also could not think of any aircraft or satellite that could move that quickly, and remain silent. After a delay of about 5 seconds, I noticed the second light repeated the same movement, and stopped under the first one, keeping the same spacing as before. I got up and went to tell the adults sitting around the campfire. The scouts were from the Assembly of God Church, and the adult quoted a scripture about signs in the sky for the end times. Other than that response, the adults seemed very uninterested, and I felt that they did not believe me. I went and lay back down in my sleeping bag, and continued to watch the lights for about another 10-15 minutes, but did not see any more movement before I fell asleep. My feeling was that these objects were moving around the earth in sections, and may have had other objects with them that I could not see either above my head, or below the horizon. In 2021 I watched an episode of Hanger 1 entitled the Star People. It included a description of a sighting by women in fire watch towers on the Yakima Reservation. The timeframe was listed as 1972-1974. I pulled up a map of Washington state, and observed that the reservation was SW of Black Pine Lake. I am estimating the direction I saw these lights, and they could have been anywhere from SW to SE when I first saw them. I do not believe my sighting is very significant, but it could help confirm the episode synopsis that sightings of the reservation are frequent.
