{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-15 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286223","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117164","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3324,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/223/mufon-5286223.json","updb_database_id":5286223}
Stationary disk like object w/red light

Night of march 15th to the morning of the 16th 2021. Observed unidentifiable triangular aircraft flying low with no sound due south approximately 10pm. Snapped 2 photos, unsure if related to event. Approximately 4am stationary disk shaped object seemingly materialized, no observed motion. Object was backlit with a red light aura which outlined the object, but gave no perceivable depth. I observed 6 tube shaped red light tunnels emitted from the underside of the object on the outer edges, which were evenly spaced. Snapped 4 photos. The weather was cloudy, but the object was clearly observable for approximately 5 minutes. Didn't think to take photos until it started to become obscured by cloud cover, but was able to get one photo that had more distinguishable features. Notified two coworkers of the object and to come observe with me, they were able to observe for a short while with me until the object seemed to dissipate. The light emitted by the object was noticably unwaivering, it appeared almost solid and the emitted beams appeared to just stop instead of coning out and dissipating like a spotlight. The photos taken of the object and red light were not taken through glass or any medium. On a side note the triangular aircraft has been spotted once more since the event in the exact fashion as before, due south, no sound, and extremely low flying. This craft was observed with one coworker from the previous event. Unlike the previous event the craft was lit up, but went completely dark about a mile before flying directly over my position, I observed a triangular shadow but no distinguishable features. I have also observed 3 separate formations of extremely low flying black unmarked helicopters in the months before and after this sighting. One formation of 3 helicopters due east, another formation of 2 due East several months later and one formation of 3 due northwest a month or so after the sighting. No photos taken, unsure of dates. This all took place about 12-15 miles east of Kermit,Tx.
