{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-21 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503223","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55735","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4084,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/223/mufon-5503223.json","updb_database_id":5503223}
{rjl} Bright pulsating lights that would appear and disappear.

The date was 4-21-2014. I had just spent a couple hours photographing some waterfowl and on my way home I stopped at the local Target Store to pick up a prescription. At approximately 8:20 p.m. as I was walking from the vehicle to the store I happen to notice a really bright light low in the Eastern sky. My initial thought was why would a commercial airliner be coming in straight from the East and why is it so low. When commercial flights approach from the East the flight pattern is to the South of here and considerably higher. As I watched the light I realized it wasn't an airliner. The entire light was pulsating with no flashing lights and it wasn't getting any closer or further away from me. Within approximately 30 seconds of watching the light a second light appeared to the right, South, of the first light. It too was pulsating and didn't appear to be moving. Within approximately another 30 seconds a third pulsating light appeared to the left, North, of the first light.

Keeping an eye on the lights I went back to my vehicle and got my camera. I have a Nikon D5000 DSLR with a 70 to 300mm zoom lens. All three lights blinked out one-by-one before I could get the camera ready. I continued to wait and watch and sure enough one of the light's blinked back on again. This light did appear to be moving up and to the right. I was able to take a few photos of the light before it blink out. I watched for awhile longer and saw no more lights so I put the camera away and went into the store.

When I came back out of the store there were no more lights in the sky but I got the camera and waited for awhile and sure enough at approximately 8:47 p.m. the light blinked back on again. I tried some different settings on the camera and some of the shutter speeds were to slow and the images blurred. A second light blinked on again to the right, South, of the first light. Then the first light blinked out. The second light started moving to the right, South, and I was able to capture a few seconds of video of it as it went behind the store. I had placed the camera on the roof of my vehicle in an attempt to get as clear and steady a video as possible.

When I got home I viewed the photos on my computer and noticed on the photos that were blurred the blurring caused several more lights to appear in the photo that were not visible to my naked eye.

Throughout my life I have had several encounters with UFOs and unexplained lights but this was the first time I was able to captured photos and video.
