{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-27 04:47:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485223","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74533","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3570,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/223/mufon-5485223.json","updb_database_id":5485223}
{cak} Observed a solitary white light that wobbled, but was overall stationary for over an hour in the eastern sky.

Visiting my Mom for the Thanksgiving holiday. I awoke shortly after 4:30 AM without any reason. Felt oddly restless; couldn't get back to sleep. Got up to look out the window. Observed a starless (possibly overcast?) sky and a white light in the nearby distance that seemed to wobble in a relatively stationary position.

This light alarmed me, because I'd witnessed a similar light that exhibited the same behavior in January of 2001. Incidentally from that very same window.

The area behind my mother's house abuts a neighbor's yard who has very tall trees. The light (object) almost seemed to know that I was observing it and would move just enough to obscure itself behind a tree trunk. I'd change position, and shortly it would go back again. I had to keep at this tactic, going back and forth, in order to get a decent length of footage.

Watching the video recently, I was kind of astonished by my whispered ramblings. I was mostly stating what I was seeing and trying to make sense of it, but at times I would go off on bizarre and somewhat incoherent tangents. I also didn't directly recall it at the time, but you can hear my Mom's dog barking downstairs at some point. No one had stirred, but myself. And I'd been completely stationary with the exception of moving my camera's position throughout the sighting.

I would also like to state that after shooting this footage for about 20 minutes I found a pair of binoculars and wanted to get a better look at the light from the outside. I took my dog and my mom's dog with me to the back yard. Looking through the binoculars I could discern that the one light I'd perceived with my unaided eyes was actually a row of 6 or 7 lights oriented at an awkward 12 to 15 degrees. It moved a lot slower and with less frequency at this point, though still at the same distance and location in the sky. I could also just barely see that the row of lights seemed to outline the object's apparent shape which was a disc or, perhaps cigar shaped. This was at about 5:10 AM; still quite dark. I decided at that point to go back inside. I was going to check if it was still there before the sun came up, but I fell asleep.

I observed the same phenomena the following morning at approximately the same time. I woke my mom this time to observe it with me. I think she was more annoyed that I'd woken her than she was interested in observing it with me, to be honest.
