{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-12-25 17:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505223","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53640","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2778,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/223/mufon-5505223.json","updb_database_id":5505223}
I along with thousands of Indians witnessed 3 ufos hovering in Kolkata 1973

I am an American who was learning Classical Indian music, and living in Kolkata at the time in Dec.1973. I lived at Bondel Rd ,about a half mile away from Rash Behari ave. in south Kolkata. Rash Behari Ave is a long street with many saree shops and Instrument makers on it. Ihad commissioned a musical instrument to be made for me a tanpura vocal by the famous maker Hiren Roy, and I used to go to his shop regularly to check on the progress of it , as it took about one year to make.I was walking down R.B. Av. on my way to the shop about 5 oclock late afternoon, when I noticed everyone , thousands of people all looking up at 3 ufos hovering right above us on the street.They were approx no more than 2 to 3 hundred feet above us directly over the middle of the ave.I thought that these were three ufos. I tried to get the maker of my instrument to come out of his shop and look at these objects but he was busy working and did not come out however I looked at the objects for about 5 minutes, along with thousands of Indians I also took my eyes off the objects momentarily to look at the reaction from all the people who were also witnessing them and everyone was just sort of in a daze staring ,many with mouths open and noone talking . So there were three of them quite close to each other about 150 feet apart just hovering the object in the middle of the other two ufos ejected a blue light, similar to a lightening bolt, shooting out from the object about 70 feet,and then it looked like it retracted the light back into the ship. then a second later another bolt of a deep blue light shot out but this time adifferent length. this happened several more times all with different lengths of light or more like lightening bolts of light. No sound I stared at them and all the people watching them then, the three just flew so fast away they were gone in a split second headed south. The next day in one of the english newspapers there was a report ap wirephoto that read yesterday the telerad space agency in Ontario Canada reprted seeing thousands of ufos moving at a tremendous rate of speed towards the North Pole
