{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-04-14 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5281918","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121555","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2483,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/918/mufon-5281918.json","updb_database_id":5281918}
Saw a vessel land in the woods behind my house

I was 16 years old, on the phone with my boyfriend late at night. I saw lights outside my window and got up to look outside. I saw a sphere looking vessel with lights in the middle of it attempting to land between the trees. It looked as if it was shaking and swaying side to side. The trees were not moving as they should have been if an aircraft was landing in their midst. I told my boyfriend on the phone and he asked if it was a helicopter. It certainly was not. It landed in dense woods without making a sound or disrupting the trees. Weeks later, I layed down to go to sleep when a lizard like creature came out of the corner of my room and grabbed my blanket above my chest and my shirt at the same time and drug me into the corner of my room. I was not asleep and I remembered seeing the ceiling as my head bounced on the ground. I have no other memory until the creature put me back in my bed rather abruptly and violently. It slammed me back in bed and my eyes were opened when it did. My heart was racing and the entire bed shook. I knew I was not asleep because I never had to wake up. My joints began to breakdown soon after this. I am 45 years old and have the following injuries: 
Hip replacement, torn ACL, L5-S1 Rupture, dislocated shoulder 3x, dislocated clavicle and jaw, tendinitis in both elbows, wrists, and good hip, neck curves the wrong way, missing a vertebrae, thoracic spine damage from a mysterious origin (I never damaged it but doc says it looks like an old injury), bone spurs on all vertebrae. Every time I attempt a new sport, I break in the first three months. I have no diagnosis which can explain the slew of injuries. I have never told anyone because it sounds crazy but I know what I saw and I know what it was. I have a masters degree in clinical social work and own a home and business. I am not crazy.
