{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-27 18:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495918","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63502","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4852,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/918/mufon-5495918.json","updb_database_id":5495918}
{rjl} Stationary Cloud-like Disc Angled 451; Black Helicopter; Low Jets with Afterburners

At the supper table of our daughter, our 4-year-old grand daughter pointed out the window and yelled "Look, look! Purple lines in the sky!" The fact that she noticed something like that surprised me as much as anything. I got up to look and there were several dark purple, elongated clouds(?) 15-201 above the horizon which were unusual and extraordinarily spectacular, but I thought were just very, long stringy clouds in the distance. The rest of the sky was totally cloudless; but as I was looking away, something caught my eye at 301 above the horizon to the SW, a white cloud; perfectly formed like a disc; angled at 451. 
I pointed it out to my wife who thought it impressively unusual, as well. We got the kids settled and I decided to go out to the backyard for a better look with the sun setting. The disc-shaped cloud had not moved at all; not in position, size or shape; and, this was over the period of an 45 minutes to an hour. 
I decided to take some pictures with my old 4S iPhone (attached). For this area, a motionless cloud at that angle for that length of time was, as least in my experience, most unusual. As I was thinking this, a low-flying jet (under 500') flew right overhead; except it did not go towards the disc-shaped cloud, it headed straight for the horizon - then, it suddenly put its afterburners on - the first time I had seen that happen in person (it looked like two, close-set fire red eyes heading away from me.) I did not get a picture of that, unfortunately; but I started taking them soon after.
I decided to move out away from the trees and into the pasture when I heard a helicopter heading for the horizon from the South. I started taking pictures of the helicopter heading towards the horizon and noticed the flash was on - though I doubt it would light up anything. . After taking several flash pictures of the helicopter, it suddenly turned and headed straight for me and was getting there fast.
Normally, I would stand out in the open and just watch it fly over - but something told me I should retreat to the cover of the trees; I continued to take pictures of the helicopter, but no longer saw its lights. The helicopter flew directly over the house, not more than 100' high and it was not a small craft - it was a double-blade Sikorsky-type helicopter and it was jet-black and unmarked with numbers or insignias. It was now dark and the helicopter was almost indistinguishable through the barren trees against the sky. I was really surprised as I was expecting to see an Army-green helicopter, not a jet-black one (I thought to myself 1no way...1). I tried to take its picture as it flew over but it didn't take or I missed the button, probably the latter.
I went back in the house and told my wife about it and decided to go to an upstairs porch and look through a spotting scope and binoculars to see if I could see anything; but before I could get focused on anything, two low flying jets, one a couple of seconds ahead of the other passed by. I decided to go back indoors for the night after that. However, none of the aircraft flew towards the disc-shaped cloud, which remained unchanged in size, shape or position until it was too dark to see. 
I cannot say what, if anything, was going on that was UFO related; but it was an anomalous night for several first-time experiences and sights for me.
