{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-11-10 01:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472918","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87487","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3311,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/918/mufon-5472918.json","updb_database_id":5472918}
Bright Large UFO in Mexico . Mexican Military Humvee on road also watching .

My wife and I were on the Mexican side of the US ( Texas ) border town of Ciudad Acuna directly across from Del Rio , Tx . 

We were driving North West along the highway to the Lake Amistad a little after 1 am . 

As we came over a ridge just a short distance before the lake entrance , on the road before us was a bright yellow solid large sphere , completely lit yellow , with no visible means of how it kept itself up. It was as large as four sedans but perfectly round . Silent . No jets or prop prppeelers . 

It just hovered some 30 feet above the road and should it have landed it would have taken the entire width of the road , and there would have been no way around it . 

To make matters stranger parked on the opposute side of it to us , on the road ahead of us , facing our direction , was a Mexican Military Humvee . 

We passed under the UFO driving about 35mph and while I was worried about the UFO I didnt want to stop and be harrassed later by the Mexican military . 

I drove right under the object and continued until I passed the Military Humvee , and out the top of the SUV was a seated soldier and he was looking up at the object with his jaw open . 

We continued to the lake and waited a good time. I didnt want to return too soon and cole acriss them again . 

I wish I had but I was terribly afraid of the object and the military pressence. 

I half expected as I drove by the Mexican humvee to see a soldier holding some sort of remote control , somehow controlling the craft . No , on the contrary the soldier I could see looked dumbfounded . 

While I did not take a video or camera shot because I didnt want to be detained or lose my ohone , vehicle , freedom or life ... There was the Mexican Military Humvee and its driver , co passanger and the soldier I saw also more than my wife and I . I know they saw it also . 

There was a UFO crash in this same area in the 50s known as the Del Rio UFO incident . 

Whatever is flying out here , and I can tell you thus was not a drone , or a blimp , or a prop or jet proppeled plane , helicopter , untra-light , meteor , star , and I am not sure what caused its bright brilliant illumination , but there was no doors or windows or discernable features on the outside at all . It did not move as we drove towards it , under it , or away from it and passed the military vehicle , it just hovered above the road in the night sky .
