{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-09-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486918","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72770","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2245,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/918/mufon-5486918.json","updb_database_id":5486918}
I saw a glowing cigar shaped object in the sky, soundless and appeared to be following a jet trail

I was hanging clothes on a washing line when I happened to look up and I saw a strange object in the sky... it was cigar shaped and glowing white. It was moving silently across the sky and appeared to be following the path of a jet trail which was immediately below it... I am guessing that it was in the same area of sky as the jet was but not seeing the jet makes it hard to judge size but I would say this thing was huge. As I said the object was cigar shaped and made up of white light.. rounded at both ends. It had a very slightly fuzzy look around its edges and moved in a straight line... There were clouds in the sky but not many and I clearly seen this object pass between 2 patches of clouds. I did not hear any sound from the object nor did I see any surface features. I have no idea what it was ( but this is not the first time I saw something strange in the sky... when I was very young I saw what I remember as a string of lights in the sky. I remember thinking it was like a necklace and my mom saw it too ) This one was different. It was large and solid and did not blink or pulsate or change colour ... it just moved across the sky. I do not know how long I was looking at it.. I watched it disappear behind a cloud. I did not see it again. As a student of physics and chemistry I tried to get some idea of size and all I can say was it was huge. I did not get the impression that it was low in the sky. I can still see this thing in my mind... but never spoke to anyone but my Sister. It has perplexed me greatly. I wish I had a photo of it :(
