{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-16 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502555","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56445","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5353,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/555/mufon-5502555.json","updb_database_id":5502555}
{rjl} 5-lights moving together Joe Nall event, Woodruff, S.C., May 16, 2014, approx 9:30 PM

5-lights moving together, Joe Nall event, Woodruff, S.C., May 16, 2014, approx 9:30 PM,

A formation of five lights appeared over the southern 3D flight line of the Joe Nall event approximately 1 hour after sunset (~9:30 PM).

The lights were bright with metallic-bronze/orange/yellow colors. The lights emitted an animated light1unlike anything familiar. The lights did not match any of the characteristics listed in the Mufon Sighting Report form: they were neither 1pulsating,1 1flames,1 nor 1flashing.1 However, they did emit an uneven, scattered array of bronze/orange/yellow hues in random soft spikes from the center.

There were many witnesses with their eyes on the sky. Hopefully some may have taken photos or videos and will submit them to supplement this or other reports.

There were approximately 9,300 people attending Joe Nall Week this year with 930 advance-registered pilots. The lights appeared on the biggest day of the week, during the spectacular night flying, with aircraft and quad/hex copters all illuminated in brilliant LEDs.

At the time of this event, four RC aircraft were airborne in the 3D field, and six aircraft and two quad copters airborne in the electric flying field. Additional aircraft were airborne in the seaplane, helicopter and main flight areas to the north.

The sight of these five lights and all the illuminated RC aircraft against the night sky was spectacular. I and other witnesses were amazed and the feeling was one of jubilation having seen an unexpected and unbelievable nighttime show.

The five lights appeared suddenly on the southern most part of the Triple Tree airport, approximately over the river that skirts the perimeter of the facility. Four of the lights were arranged in a square approximately 100 feet to 200 feet above ground. The fifth light was behind and to the left of the others at about 60 feet above ground.

The five lights began to move in a coordinated manner after a minute or two. They slowly moved to the southeast corner of the airfield over the wooded area behind the 3D pavilion. As they moved, the formation made a quarter arc, and the four lights went from a square pattern to a triangular pyramid, as viewed from my vantage point about a third mile north. The fifth light kept its relative position low and to the left of the others.

After a minute, the fifth light slowly diminished until it was no longer visible. Then the remaining four lights diminished in intensity until they were no longer visible.

The movement of the lights was similar to 1UFO fleet1 or 1armada1 videos I have previously seen, however, these lights were different in their color and characteristics. 1UFO fleet / armadas1 are usually white dots in the sky at a distance from the viewer. These were up-close, bright, colorful lights, by contrast.

Impressions:

As a former MUFON field investigator in the late 1960s, I am quite familiar with the literature over the last half century, and this is certainly not my only experience with off-world and unexplained phenomena. 

As any good investigator should do during an event, I attempted mental communication. I got no immediate response, nor did I feel a presence. The next day I received an impression of what the reason for the light show was, and this morning I received the 1how it was done1 part.

A delayed response is the typical communication I experience, although, on occasion, I have had an immediate response. In retrospect, an immediate response should not have been expected at an event with thousands of spectators.

The reason for the light show was their way of honoring and saluting the piloting skills of all the pilots from around the world who traveled to the Joe Nall event. Flying RC aircraft, helicopters, and drones is far more challenging than flying real aircraft and the pilots must develop advanced hand-eye coordination and perspective skills. The pilots and crews of off-world craft have their own special skills controlling anti-gravitic craft and they feel a bond and with the pilots from Earth. Some off-world pilots desire to fly gliders like the ones we have1modified of course, with anti-gravitics for takeoff and safety. Should open contact occur some day, earth pilots would be invited to experience their craft as well.

The five lights were not manned craft. They were remotely-controlled small anti-gravitic craft with lights. The controlling craft was above Joe Nall in the dark night sky. This is the information I received this morning.

They were showing us their remote controlled craft at the same time we were showing them ours.

[Links moved to FI section/cms/tg]
