{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-08-15 11:07:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492555","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66975","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3757,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/555/mufon-5492555.json","updb_database_id":5492555}
{rjl}Black cube, sharp defined edves lights inside shonninh outwrd ,mass wi dos,; moving like cruise ship steady, silent, blo ked out the sun. Incalcuble icey cold as is passed by. Surface appeared as massive densely packed working visable circuit board..

I was looking out the trailer window to say a prayer; I felt a icey cill, noticed at the same moment the massive obviously nechanised cube maintain a slow almost glide northward. I was about 2 miles away and do not know if it was as hiver craft, or achieved contact with waters if Pudget Sound.

I first thought as a Marine Core serviceman's wife how could something so huge not set off military airspace alarms because it appeared well within the 2,mile coastal boundary.

The following day and a few months after, my then husband narrowly escaped a spontaneous crash into his parked truch , over the curb.

The craft did not directly harm me to my knowledge; my ex husband however was escalating his physical assaults.
I strangely felt it was there to block his attacks. I o ly witnessed on object, no other person with me.

My intuition was that it was powerful air unit of unknown origin. I survived many, many traumatic falls, battering altercations, even abandonment; eventually, he broke my neck. I have lived by God's Grace, to witness many miraculous events. I couldn't this sighting no less miraculous.

I have no snapshots, and this is well before,"Selfies," were a daily pastime in our culture Worldwide. I'm an artist and my be able to supply with a zket h in dye time. My art began to take on aa cujbic dimension many years years later. 

I do have another sighting of some entirely different event.If you are interested, do let me know and i will share that as well. ue. Multifaceted Rainbow.

Sincerely, [Name removed/cms/tg](I receive mail with alias "JB" dye to the nature if my 1st marriage.) You may publish "JB".) "SV" was my paternal grandmother.Hence, [email removed/cms/tg]

I have a rapist still living
in this present city,;this is my concern regarding my real name. was contacted by CID NAS Whidbey,"We are not allowed to tell you to run; so, when are you going to disapper?"

I have been waiting to share this information for quite some time. I hope it ori ides you with enough detail.I'm typing on my cell phone, please forgive typos.I do also remember that moving to the new city there were high concentrations of quarts crystal that were brought by the children to my door. I don't know if that is important. This city in 1 hour and 20 .I ute drive from Oak Harbor sighting.

One more thing, I'm since tg, since the above described event, I'm hypersensitive to electric current.(vibrations&and auditory)Since then I have suffered from a severe condition on palms and soles. My fingerprints are literally uprooted. 

It may be what some term Morgellions. What I recognize is the hyoerfragility and friability and subsequent regeneration, is an extremely rapid cycle. I'm hoping to eventually find a computer that will be less volitile to my hands.Thank you MUFON. I appreciate your time and efforts in your research and findings.
