{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-09 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519555","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37339","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2901,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/555/mufon-5519555.json","updb_database_id":5519555}
LED-like soft white light or albedo on steady (orbital?) flightpath

Just after Mad Tv ahd started on Cartoon Network, i noticed an unusual* object traversing the sky. (living near an international airport and a hospitals with helicopter landing zones, seeing aircraft is NOT unusual. But this was on a flightpath that didn't conform to typical ones used frequently by commmercial or emergengy medical aviation.)The path it took was strikingly smooth, steady, and, again, did not travel in a speed or manner indicative of conventional aircraft. Its size, altitude, speed were impossible to determine with my limited level of instrumentation (binoculars) at my disposal. i can only analogyze its appearance to a soft, white LED bulb glow, steady in both consistency and brightness. PLEASE NOTE: the object crossed my line of sight from nearly horizon to horizon, over a time period of approximately two to four minutes, giving me the vantage point of viewing it from several angles, and with contrast of several visible stars, planets, and conventional aircraft. This object displayed NO FAA directional, formation, or static or flashing navigation lights, as is nearly always seen on typical aircraft, leading me to theorize it could possibly be the solar albedo reflecting off a man-made satellite, or asteroid. (again, lack of accurate size perspective made it nearly impossible to estimate whether it was an airborne craft, or orbiting object). Using a pair of Barska 10 x 42 binoculars did little to clarify any mysteries, as i found it difficult to get a precise focus on the object, leaving me uncertain if i could see a solid mass behind the illuminated area, or it was merely an optical or atmospheric anomaly. When i took my gaze off the object to focus in on nearby aircraft, stars, and planets for a control comparison, i was unable to reaquire the object, leaving me perplexed as to if it altered course, dimmed, turned off, or changed the direcion of the light, or simply passed through enough atmosphere so as to be rendered unvisible to me. i heard no sound i could attribute to the object, nor could i detect any exhaust, or any other effects on surrounding space, matter, persons, animals, etc. i was unable to find anyone else that also witnessed it to confirm, support, or add to my report.
