{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1973-10-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5180925","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"1prbo1d","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5180925,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Alleged humanoid photo. Police Chief Jeff Greenhaw photographed a 5' foot beingin a silvery suit after investigating a reported UFO landing.Form: FI-4, Initial Report
Dated: 17 Jan 2007
From: Francis Ridge
Subject: Falkville, Alabama "Entity: / Jeff Greenhaw Case;
Oct. 17, 1973
Cat: 7
To: CE, SHG

This page was created for the record only and I believe the
incident was explained. Although this may not have been a hoax BY
Greenhaw, it most assuredly was a hoax, possibly ON any passerby, which
turned out to be Greenhaw. No UFO was seen. The "entity" appears to be
a human form in a silver suit, unlike the majority of humanoid or
entity reports.

Original source

http://www.ufocasebook.com/tinfoil.html

1973-The Alabama Tinfoil Alien

Aliens come in all shapes and sizes, from the little green men of
Kelly, Kentucky to the 10 foot tall giants of Voronezh, Russia. There
has always been discussion about the
close encounters of the third kind aliens. Some of these seem to be
living, breathing beings, and
yet some appear to have characteristics of a robot. One theory readily
accepted by investigators
is that many of the UFO sightings are of "scout" ships who take
exploratory journeys to our planet's
surface, while a mother ship hovers some where out of sight. Many
propose that
these scout ships are occupied by a robotic, mechanical being. These
would be expendable in
carrying out experimentation on unwilling humans, and also on our flora
and animal kingdom.
Many of the earlier stories of alien
sightings are "sensationalized," to say the least.
But sticking to my own rule of evaluating each case on it's own merits,
one report which seems to have merit occurred in Falkville, Alabama on
October 17, 1973. This case is unique
in some respects, most notably the alien seems to have attributes of
both of the above
descriptions: a robot looking creature with the running gait of our
most talented athletes.
This strange account began when Falkville, Alabama
police chief Jeff Greenhaw ( that is correct,
there is no s after the n) received a phone call from an excited lady
who said that she had
witnessed a "spaceship" land in an open field not far the town proper.
Greenhaw took off
like a shot, taking along his trusty Polaroid camera. Dark had fallen
several hours earlier, and
the police chief was armed for anything. It would be about 10:00 P.M.
when he made it to the
location of the alleged landing.
AT LEFT Actual photograph taken by Greenhaw

After a
cursory look around, he
found no trace of a spaceship. As Greenhaw continued his search of the
area, he was taken aback by the sight of an alien-like creature
standing just off
the side of the road. The being appeared to be wrapped in aluminum foil
as it began to walk toward
Greenhaw. "It looked like his head and neck were kind of made together
... he was real bright, something like rubbing mercury on nickel, but
just as smooth as glass-different angles give
different lighting. I don't believe it was aluminum foil." The tinfoil
alien's movements were very "mechanical" like. An antenna was attached
to his head.
Though in shock, he managed to snap off four pictures of the odd
looking alien. When he flicked
on his headlights the alien was obviously frightened, as it began to
make its escape.
Greenhaw immediately took off in his truck in
pursuit, but because of the rough terrain of the
field, he was only able to manage 35 MPH. The robotic movements of the
alien were now in high
gear, and it raced across the open field. Greenhaw could not keep up,
and the tinfoil being escaped into the night. "He was running faster
than any human I ever saw," he stated.

Although Greenhaw was exhilarated by the
strange encounter, he would soon regret the whole affair.
He was mocked and ridiculed by many of the town folk, and he received
threatening phone calls. A string of bad luck began to affect his life
also. Whether related to his report or not, his
house burned down, and his wife left him. Approximately a month after
the incident, the town
council fired him. So much for the theory that reports of many UFO
encounters are made by
individuals who are looking for notoriety or financial gain. Greenhaw
would eventually regain
some semblance of a normal life, but he would always regret the night
he met the tin foil alien.

Source: UFO Casebook
