{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-13 14:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489832","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69774","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4445,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/832/mufon-5489832.json","updb_database_id":5489832}
{jpg} I saw a large black triangle with a small plane following it flying west to east a block away from my home.

On or around 9/13/2013 at about 2:30 pm pst I went out on my porch to smoke a cigarette. While I was lighting it I could hear the engine of a small plane passing somewhere overhead. When I finished lighting it I looked up (where I was standing I was facing south on the second story porch of a two story building) to find the plane right there in front of me was a giant black triangle flying west to east. I live two houses from the corner. The object was flying over the next block no more than five houses from the corner opposite of mine. I'm not that good at judging heights but I would say it was no more than eight stories of the ground. It stayed on a constant straight path east at a constant speed of what I would say was about 20 miles per hour. It was rounded at the edges and I believe I saw what I can only describe as a bee hive pattern. I couldn't make out whether it had any lights or not. I saw none shining off of it at the time. It wobbled slightly left and right the whole time I saw it. It made no sound whatsoever. And it had no visible Windows or openings. While I was watching it I called for my girlfriend to come outside and see it but she didn't have her glasses and couldn't make it out in the sky. I noticed my neighbors daughter paying in the back of or apartment building witch is ensure that lived in a back house so I screamed for her to get her dad but he wasn't in his house he was in the apartment below me and didn't make it out in time. They're were a lot of people outside at the time but it seemed like people, in my opinion, were determined not to notice it. The most intriguing thing about the whole experience is the small plane that originally made me notice the object. It followed the object from the time that I noticed it until it war out of site. At first it flew behind it at about a distance of 5 to 10 yards. Then it moved to the side of it, then a little above and to the left of it. When I first saw it I thought the object was a balloon that the plane was trying to keep in the air until it moved to the side of it asks it still didn't explain how it kept it at that particular height the whole time. I didn't have a chance to take any photos are record any video but I saw two photos online that I'm going to attach. One is a sketch that shows the overall shadow off the object. The other is digital photo that shows the design I think I saw. Everyone I tell this story to thinks I made it up or that I'm going crazy. I didn't and I'm not. This was one of the strangest unexplained moments of my life. I saw a bright strange light going up and down the 10 freeway on my way to Arizona in 97. At first we thought it was a helicopter but once we pulled over and got out to get a better look you could see that it was no helicopter it was a strange bright making no noise at all. We got in the car and left in a hurry. And there eye a lot of people that got out of their cars too to get a better look. But this object was in plane site being magnificent. I want to know what it is I saw do if you know of any other sightings reported at the same time could you please provide me with some information so I can have some type of closure. Lol. Especially if the pullout a mentioned reported anything. I could see take pilot good enough to see his head movements but not his or her features but I believe it was a guy. By the way, I live by the Burbank airport and neither the plane nor the object landed there while I watched them. Thank you...
