{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-10-01 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474832","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85478","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2657,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/832/mufon-5474832.json","updb_database_id":5474832}
{rjl} My sister and I observed hovering over our home walking home from bus stop.We were stationed in a prior military out post near Edwards Airforce Base

My father was stationed at Federal Penitentiary outside of Boron CA. (Generally the federal government assigned former military outpost or government related properties to serve as federal penitentiaries.) We lived in the former military housing of this once radio communications transmission outpost for Edwards Air Force Base. We were 33 miles from Edwards. It's now abandoned. 
One afternoon in the fall of 1979 I was walking home from the bus stop with my sister to discover a extremely large very low flying 'ship' moving toward us from the west and hovering directly above our house. It was a massive ship and shaped like the tip of an obselisk and MASSIVE It was so close I could see clearly the underside of the ship. The ship was black, the surface was textured like sand. The underside of the ship had recessed symbols and shapes; trapezoids triangle and other geometric patterns that looked hieroglyphic. The ship was massive. It was larger than our home and made no sound at all. My sister and I stared at it for about 35 seconds. The ship then ascended directly up words slowly by about 50 feet then slid back towards the west and 50 feet then zagged to the right or east another 75 feet or so. It then shot to the north east like a bullet. My sister and I waited to hear the sonic boom as we were accustomed to seeing the space shuttle maneuvers. We never heard it there was no sonic boom and at that speed it should've generated one. 
About 10 years after that event I met Chuck Yeager through one of my former classmates whose father served and was very close to Mr. Yeager. After I described to him in detail what I saw he answered me saying it was probably the Harrier AV-8B at which I laughed; it wasn't remotely similar. 

I can send to you a Google Maps pin drop of the exact location/house of where I saw the ship
Thank you for your time. Feel free to contact me if you have any questions
