{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527832","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27781","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4247,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/832/mufon-5527832.json","updb_database_id":5527832}
multiple sightings of a triangle shaped craft over metro Atlanta

At the time of the event I was living in south Atlanta, it was late afternoon about dusk. I was inside my house, my son came in and asked me to go to the backyard to see something unrelated to the event. As I followed him out, along the side of our house heading to the back I casually glanced at the sky.
As I looked up I noticed a black triangular object of considerable size moving from roughly southwest to northeast, I can't give a good estimate of its size as there was no frame of reference. The object had a white circular light at each corner and was moving very slowly, its edges were clearly distinguishable against the darkening sky. I watched it cross over the trees for a moment, then resumed going to the back, then it struck me that the object was close, that it made no sound at all, and that a/c lights have a completely different pattern. I stopped in shock and looked back up just in time to watch it become obscured behind the trees. I was a flight deck fueler, then jet mechanic in the navy in the 80's and early 90's and this was unlike any aircraft I've ever seen. I was struck by the, for lack of a better term, wrongness of it. Its flight path was straight and level but far too low for a fixed wing aircraft, a helo that low would have made a considerable amount of noise and it was clearly travelling against the wind(at least the wind at ground level) and was moving much quicker than the wind as this was a still evening.
My first instinct was to dismiss what I had seen, it was just too strange. I tried to convince myself that I must have imagined it, or that it was a normal but misidentified object. It didn't work. I'm a pretty observant person, and not given to flights of fancy. I saw this object and it wasn't a standard type of aircraft, it was clearly under powered flight. I went back and found my son in the yard and looked at whatever he wanted me to see, then we went back inside. I at first decided to keep this to myself but quickly changed my mind and told my wife about it,and shortly thereafter I also confided in my best friend.
About a week later, again walking to the back yard,on the opposite side of the house this time, I saw another object(I had gotten in the habit of scanning the sky at this point), the same shape, but larger. It was around the same time of day, the object was higher in the sky but approximately the same apparent size as before(therefore it must, because of the relative perspective have been larger). It was farther to the west than the previous object and moving at approximately the same speed.The second object had the same white lights at the corners, and a fourth in the center, and like the first made no sound at all.This time being slightly less shocked I sprinted to my friends door and yelled for him to come outside and see it, but by the time he got out it was already occluded by the trees.
Shortly thereafter I happened across a show about UFO's and realized that the object I saw looked like the objects seen in the spate of sightings in Belgium a few years previously.I was, until these events, not really a believer.While I could consider intellectually that UFO's might exist I knew how odd perfectly ordinary objects could look in the sky. I had seen many cases of what I knew to be ordinary aircraft look remarkably different. I am absolutely certain what I saw was not any ordinary craft.I can't imagine that someone would test experimental craft over a major population center, both for security and safety reasons. I tried to find a more mundane explanation for what I saw, but I couldn't.
