{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-26 14:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451832","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109812","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2779,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/832/mufon-5451832.json","updb_database_id":5451832}
Tic-Tac Shaped Aircraft Observed Hovering

June 26, 2020, between 2:03-2:06pm, my husband and I drive into the parking lot behind a local restaurant establishment in the Va beach area. I park the car and my husband opens his door and steps out. As I’m gathering my things, my husband looks up into the sky and sees an object flying rapidly in our direction from the northeast. He says “What is that? Babe, do you see that?” His car door is still open, but he’s standing outside of the car. I’m still sitting in the drivers seat, so he sits back in his seat and points through the windshield at a smooth white object in the sky. At this point, I look up and we both stare at the object which is now just hovering in the sky. It is completely still and appears white with no markings or anything on the exterior that we can observe. I say “Yeah, I see it too. How is it not moving?” My husband and I just stare at it. I’m thinking it must be a blimp or some balloon that is moving so slowly, it only appears to be hovering. Without taking my eyes off of the object, I reach down to grab my phone. As the object has now been still for about 10 seconds, I thought I could get a picture. But before either one of us could act quickly enough, we watched the object literally rocket off to the left (moving in the northwest direction). It moved so incredibly quickly, we could see nothing after 1 seconds time. We both sat their in disbelief for a few seconds before we started discussing. The main thing that was so unusual was the way the object just hovered in the sky and then how it went from completely still to moving at jet speed (possibly faster) almost instantaneously. Also, there was no sound and no jet stream. No wings that we could see. This was very strange because the Va beach area is right near a naval base and my husband and I had been marveling over the jets all weekend. The training exercises go until late at night and so you’re constantly bombarded by jet stream booms. Perhaps this is some new aircraft being tested by the navy, we don’t know. But thought we would report it here anyway, as we are not familiar with anything that flys that way.
