{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-11-27 18:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547832","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"14092","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2699,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/832/mufon-5547832.json","updb_database_id":5547832}
Two star like objects that remained together and stationary for 45min before moving.

Driving home from Thanksgiving dinner with my wife and son from Tullytown to Levittown, PA.

While we were leaving my inlaws home, I noticed two bright lights in the sky that were very apparent because the sky was extremely clear.

I commented initially as a joke to my wife that there was a UFO because she knows I am fascinated by them and she has zero interest. 

I immediately noticed and remarked to her that it may very well be. She laughed but I couldn't keep my eyes off of these two lights as we drove home (5 minutes away). I am not perfect with estimating distance but I can assure you these lights were far larger than planes (which I saw many of and all sizes) flying around the sky. The top light was about the size and brightness of the North star while the bottom light (which was offset to the right a little) was about twice as large/bright. FWIW-the lights were in the south sky...I'm guessing around Philly or so because I did see planes coming out of the airport area to the right of the lights (it was that clear!)

I was really intrigued so I bundled up and stood outside to watch them. I tried to photograph it but my cameras really suck in the dark (of course right?). I stood outside for about 30 minutes watching these two lights not moving AT ALL. They did not change position, brightness or size for that entire time. For the next 20-25 minutes the lights seemed to descend or maybe head further south very slowly. They gradually dropped into a tree line but I could still see them through the tree (sometimes only one) the entire time. Eventually they were not visible for me (I thought about going on the roof...lol) so I went inside. 

I spoke to my mom and she told me about the Discovery episode on UFO's which I guess focused on Bucks County so I started to look to see if there was any other evidence or documentation of these lights but only saw triangular disc sightings were noted. Hopefully someone else had spotted these same lights tonight and can share their insights.
