{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513832","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44423","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2935,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/832/mufon-5513832.json","updb_database_id":5513832}
(GS) Intense flickering lights in evening sky.

My wife and I have been seeing unusual blinking lights in the sky over East Dallas almost nightly since about 2010. She tends to look at the sky more than I do, so what normally happens is shell see a flickering light and point it out to me. At least half the time I can find what she is pointing out. The lights have the following properties:

-They flash red, green, and white very rapidly and brightly for about a half second burst.
-We usually see them in the W to N range. (This is not to be taken as ruling out other parts of the sky, its just that this is the direction we are typically facing.)
-The objects are too high for us to make out any kind of craft shape.

As a skeptic, I am aware that I live in an area with very high levels of air traffic. Having witnessed a great deal of air traffic, I am aware that flashing red/white/green lights are typical on aircraft. The reason these lights stand out is due to their intensity, and the (apparently) random nature of their flashing.

These lights give a strong impression of erratic movement, but I believe it is largely due to the difficulty in spotting them. They flash very brightly for about a half second, then go dark for about a full second. Naturally, the viewer starts looking in the next place they expect to see the lights, using cues such as perceived path and speed. When the next flash takes place, the eye darts to see it and another point in the path is created. After a few repetitions of this, one can discern a general course. Until this happens, though, the lights can appear to dart all over the place.

I have had a few experiences where I could pick out a path, but the speed often seemed very irregular- sometimes fast, sometimes very slow. I can accept that this could be due to limitations of perception and interpretation, but I offer it up as something I have seen.

Once a course and speed have been established, I can typically track these flashing lights until they are obscured by the horizon, tree line, buildings, or clouds. 

I am curious to know if anyone else is seeing these lights. I feel that they are unusual when compared to other lights that I can see in the sky, but I also feel that if I can see them just about every night then they must have a simple, non-controversial explanation.
