{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-28 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490827","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68747","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2503,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/827/mufon-5490827.json","updb_database_id":5490827}
{jpg} Large blue plasma looking ball was hovering over my building and then at a snap of the finger it shot north at unspeakable speed. Absolutly amazing.

I left my apartment to go to McDonalds between 8:00 and 8:20PM, at this time of night its almost dark but there was a little light left. Sky was absolutely clear, no clouds from horizon to horizon.....from my perspective. Upon pulling into apartment entrance I noticed a BRIGHT very pretty blue ball hovering over my building, around 500 feet above my apartment to be exact. I emidiatly checked to make sure there was no reflection of anything in my car that would cause what I'm looking at. After a minute of not moving at all I was fixed on it. I stared it down hard to make sure it wasn't a balloon or Chinese lamp or anything that would give me a movement of blowing in the wind. It stayed absolutely still and to my surprise the blue plasma looking ball shot north at a snap of a finger. I mean it went from stationary to faster than a bullet in a blink.....that's how fast. I seen the direction it went but it was so so fast it could not have been made by human intelligence. I looked and couldn't find if anyone else reported something similar but from what I seen, they probably left it alone but I have to say something as it has changed my life. What I saw WAS IMPOSSIBLE. That object could have left LA and reached new York in seconds maybe even a single minute. It was beautiful and leaves me questions I cant answer. If I know that a similar report is on file with Mufon I would feel a lot better as I don't want to be the only one who witnessed what I did. 

I will have words with anyone who says I didn't see what I saw or try to throw some explanation as to what I seen cause nothing in all of human history can explain what I saw. Simply put, it was not made on earth or if it was, we are so far ahead of what is actually being told to us.
