{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-09-01 13:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497827","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61495","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7027,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/827/mufon-5497827.json","updb_database_id":5497827}
{rjl} I and my friend did not see the UFOs until they showed up in a photo taken of us.

Background Information

(1) I have a friend from Germany who occasionally has been in the USA on business and vacation and who often visited me. He is an engineer who has worked for the Max Planck Institute and Motorola among other places. He has had a very interesting paranormal experience regarding duplicating the experiment of a Max Planck colleague in which strange voices ended up on recording tape deliberately recored but with the record level off. He did what his colleague did and got the same result. 

(2) And I have seen UFOs all my life. I have had what I consider to be a paranormal experience too.  A - At age 15 or so, in Winchester, Mass., circa 1960-61, I reported a sighting of two silver disks traveling side by side at the height of a B-52 but zipping down the sky extremely fast while simultaneously vibrating in a minuscule zig-zagway. B-52s in those days crawled down the sky, in comparison. I at that time collected bubble gum "airplane cards," built model planes, had an avid interest in astronomy and UFOs and read about all of these. The reporter I wrote to was George Fawcett and the newspaper he had a column in was the Woburn Times in Massachusetts. I lived in Winchester, the adjacent town. He wrote an article that mentioned me and other peoples in nearby towns. We had all seen the same thing.  B - Circa 1964 in Cambridge, mas.I saw a blue-green fireball streak rapidly in a straight low in the sky in broad daylight and vanish over the horizon.  C - Circa 2006 I had an amazing close encounter with an orange-red-yellow-complected (like the complexion of the sun), pulsatingcircular disk--not an orb--sort of in the shape of a CD suspended in the sky. It was huge and right before me. I was in Winchester on a street high above the rest of the town with a view overlooking a valley and walking to my car. While I saw it I "heard" (but knew it was in my mind, not via ears) a low pulsating vibration seemingly well under 20 Hz and the type you feel, although I did not feel it. No sooner did I see it and simultaneously wonder "What the hell is that?" it shot sideways without changing altitude at the kind of "warp speed" depicted in Star Trek and streaked-vanished behind me the house adjacent the house I was near.   D - As an observer of the skies I have observed round white lights behaving unusually from time to time in various states and countries.  E- I have had a few paranormal or spiritual events, very realistic and personally meaningful, from childhood through young adulthood, and circa age 14 I had some repeat-scenario, scary dreams of squadrons of delta-shaped UFOs with round porthole windows and orange light inside flying silently over my family's back yard in the middle of the night as the neighborhood was asleep--long before I ever knew or imagined that there were UFOs of this shape. 

All of this background is to show that my friend and I had been predisposed via prior paranormal experiences to being able to discuss them and "believe" in them. Maybe, by being together, the apparatus for seeing them is enhanced.

The "Experience" in Vermont

My friend was here in Winchester, Mass., sometime in the 1990s, let's just say 1992 (which I base on knowing the approximate date of purchase the orange leather jacket I had just bought, which is in our photo on the day of the "experience.") and we decided to take a trip to Vermont to see the foliage, so it was probably late September. We stopped and got out of the car at one of those 'scenic view' areas. There was a long wooden pier nearby. We walked down it to the end and asked someone there there to take my friend's camera and take our picture with our backs to the lake. And that was it! We did not see any UFOs. We were not aware of any UFOs. We had not been discussing UFOs. My friend concluded his trip and returned to Germany.

"Photographic Evidence"

My friend has the film developed from our day in Vermont and sent me the photo of us on the wooden pier at the lake. It was nothing special, just a souvenir. A few years later I looked at it again and saw some small, pale-white, well-defined streaks in the cloudless sky and e-mailed my friend and wondered if they could be UFOs. They were definitely 'something' and 'not nothing.' He remarked when he replied that he saw them too in his copy. We didn't give it much more thought.

This year I have beeb going through boxes of slides, negatives, and old photos. I cane across the photo of my friend and me and had a brainstorm: scan it at high resolution and then blow it up to see what those two streaks might be. I did. They are both definitely 'something' and 'not nothing'--on steroids, as the saying goes! One of them has so much detail kt is astounding, and yet while the detail is like nothing I have seen before in a UFO picture--looking physical, concrete and durable, constructed, of different and distinct colors as opposed to colored lights, and all kinds of detail I do not understand, such as a "shadow" that is not shadow-like but solid black (but how can there be a shadow mid-air?). It mimics what is above it rather than be a real shadow of it, as I view it.

"Conclusion?"

I certainly don't know other than tell you as best I can about the history of what I discovered and think may be some unique photographic evidence of something or other. As I say, it is surely 'something' and 'not nothing.' Both my friend and I see these marks in our photos. 

I am sending this to you today to ask what I should do. I am 68 now and in good health, but if I have a rare and valuable photo that the world ought to have access to, I want to take steps to get it out there as soon as possible. First,I would like to see what you have to say, if you are interested, or who you might recommend to "curate" the photo, and of course there are proprietary and legal concerns. Some stranger took the photo on Bruno's camera and film and I have a copy. It seems that my friend is the proprietor and owns the rights to the photo.

But the photo is amazing! I am hoping it is what I hope it is. I have considered it could be some photo-lab anomaly, but based on the complexity of the image I rule that out. A professional analysis is in order.

PLEASE CONTACT ME TO DISCUSS THE PHOTO. I WANT SOMEONE TO COME HERE TO SEE IT.
