{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-25 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495827","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63595","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3346,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/827/mufon-5495827.json","updb_database_id":5495827}
{rjl} observed two solid light sources travelling in a straight line

Last night I went out to smoke a cigarette on my friends front porch and took a video on my iPhone of what I believe to be a UFO. My friend and I were getting ready to go bowling, I had not been drinking and was not under the influence of any drugs. At approximately 7pm EST is when I went outside. About 1-2 minutes later I noticed a source of light in the sky partially obscured by a tree. I can't really say how I first noticed it, I was facing that direction and it just kind of caught my eye, and for a split second figured it was an airplane, however quickly realized it did not have the qualities of an aircraft. And in fact very shortly before recording the video I clearly observed an airplane to the East of my location and could clearly see aircraft identification lights (red and green blinking on the wing). 

I was facing WSW towards the object, which appeared to be traveling north. The light was actually two solid white lights very close to each other (sort of looked like car headlights from a distance, though it was WAY too high to be a car on a hill- there are no mountains in Ohio). These lights did not blink what-so-ever, although they may appear too in the video as they pass behind the silhouetted tree branches, I assure you they were very solid bright lights. There was not any standard aircraft green and red lights associated with it either. The lights moved smoothly across the landscape in a straight line until completely blocked by a conifer tree and then houses, which is when I stopped recording. I observed the object for about 2-3 more seconds after the video stops, as it passed between the conifer tree and the row of houses. One of my friends that lives there was inside the house at when I first noticed the object, but by the time I yelled for him to step outside it was behind the houses and out of view. I showed him the video however, and he agreed it was strange looking and likely not a man-made aircraft.

I was excited when I concluded that I didn't believe this object to be an aircraft, as I am an avid UFO believer, I had seen and reported an amazing sighting from 2002-ish, where myself and 5 other friends very clearly observed a noiseless, hexagonal shaped metallic craft aprox. 100ft in diameter, only about 10 feet above the tree line with green, purple, and white pulsating lights, which very slowly hovered in a single direction until out of view. This was in the day-time and we all saw it very clearly and all to this day cannot explain it and still talk about it often. Ever since then I have had my eyes trained to the sky.
