{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-10-05 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472827","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87578","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2895,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/827/mufon-5472827.json","updb_database_id":5472827}
{cak} Looked out my Kitchen Window Easterly and saw two stars in sky THAT WERE MOVING.

I had put a used snack dish in the kitchen sink, and I looked outside towards the Mountains of Maine (border); I was looking at the beautiful starlit night and noticed that 2 Stars appeared to be moving. I grabbed my binoculars and yelled at my Wife Sydney (who was in the Living Room to join me outside in our backyard area. I went outside first and watched these two star like UFOs that were still slowly moving towards us at about a 30,000 foot level. My Wife upon seeing the 2 moving objects, saw that there were three additional UFOs, that I hadn't initially noticed. We saw these clearly and they all looked like small stars in a straight formation parallel to one another, separated by an interval of about one mile in between them. They emitted a brilliant bluish/diamond white glow and there was a kind of halo of energy around all of the craft. They were going at a slow cruising speed, and my Wife and I commented while watching them that if people were to simply look up at the sky from their cars, or were not as hyper-vigilant as I was; as a former Military Type; they would not notice their movement, and would have dismissed them as stars. I am a former Naval Officer LCDR USNR formerly assigned to Aircraft Carriers, and I am good at judging distances up in the sky of Jet Aircraft. In any case, one of the two I initially spotted flew right over our location, and I was able to clearly see the bottom of the craft with my binoculars as it passed overhead; which had 4 concentric circles of exhaust? portals (these were also circular). Otherwise around these portals was brilliant blue/white diamond-like brilliant light, which was all I could differentiate clearly. We were both excited about it, and I felt very thankful to have finally seen not only one, but 5 UFOs before I cash in my chips in this life. The Experience left my Wife a true believer, where she had always doubted their existence before. These all continued over our heads and beyond us towards the West, until they faded from view over a period of approximately 20 minutes. I speculate they were going slow, maybe 100mph to observe the Mount Washington and Mount Jefferson Valleys. My Wife and I will never forget the experience.
