{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493827","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65678","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5983,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/827/mufon-5493827.json","updb_database_id":5493827}
{rjl} Unlike anything i've ever observed on television. The technology was highly, highly advanced over humans.

Back in about September 2004, i was living in the Tri-cities area, WA. I had an incredible upclose UFO encounter that i would like to share.

I thought it was late at night, when it happened, but apparently, upon finding out later, it wasn't as late as i thought. The encounter has left me with some memory/time loss issues. I have thought about hypnosis, but i'm worried that i might not like what i find. However, i have not had any nightmares, so that's why i still toy with the thought of hypnosis. It seems that people who have unpleasant experiences are plagued with nightmares, which i'm not. So, maybe my encounter was one of inspiration, not terror.

The place I lived there, was in a suburb of, Pasco, WA, called, Burbank, and it was very dark at night, as it's in a more rural area. You can see stars out clearly on a clear night. Usually, it's very quiet, too, except for the freeways, north and south, bound, close to where i lived.

I went outside to smoke a cigarette, which i did back in 2004, and i thought it was very late, like in the early am. So, i lit my smoke, and noticed that one of my shoes was untied. So, i leaned over to tie it, and as i did, a neon green light started forming around me.

Terrorified, i looked quickly to the sky, and something like about a quarter mile up, or probably less, since it was hard to gauge as it was very dark, a large silhouette of a large roundish craft was slowly making its way across the, Burbank, sky. It was a large UFO. All you could see was a rounded silhouette blackness against the backdrop of a million stars. This craft must have had a cloaking device activated. Since i could see pure blackness slowly moving across the sky against the stars, it must've had a cloaking device on. I was instantly impressed with it. I was somewhere between awestruck, and terrified. I watched as this craft made no sound whatsoever. Something that large, should be making noise, it wasn't. Also, there was neon green flame licks coming out the backside of the craft, too. The flames licks moved like fire from a fireplace, but, the flames licks moved in a timed rhythmical fashion. The green flame licks, also, made absolutely no sound. It was strange, because not only was there no sound, but the fire wasn't lighting up the entire area either. Whatever i was witnessing was unlike anything i ever saw on television, and highly, highly advanced in technology.

As i watched this, i looked to the ground, and realized that the green light that was around me was a circular neon green light about 5 feet in diameter, and was now moving away from me, across my backyard. I looked at this green circle, and deduced it must be coming from the UFO, because it was the same color as the green flame lick fire exhaust. However, i'm used to seeing a beam of light coming from the bottom of, UFO's, on tv. There was no beam of light coming from the craft, it was just a 5 foot circle of green light moving slowly on the ground by itself, wierd.

I looked back up to the, UFO, and thought about going in, and waking up my buddy i was living with, but i didn't because i was so awestruck, and was afraid i might miss something.

It occured to me, as well, that i must be the only one witnessing this event, because no one was screaming, and cars weren't honking, so i came to the conclusion that E.T. must be checking me out?? It was very surreal to say the least. I thought an amazing event like this would have cars honking, people screaming, but none of that was happening.

I can't remember how it ended. Therefore, i suspect that i could have been abducted/taken aboard craft. Anyways, the next day, i talked to my buddy, and asked him if i told him about the UFO event, and he said, yes. I ended up finding out that it wasn't in the am this happened, either. Actually, it was in the pm, and we were watching a movie, when i deceided to go out for a quick smoke break. So, as soon as i went outside, my memory issues must have begun, because i have no recollection of even watching the movie. This is why i believe i was abducted/taken aboard craft. Most memory issues or tied to this. Moving on, my buddy said that he saw some lights through the window, but figured it was just cars. So, while he's watching television, i'm outside having an incredible UFO experience, wow!

My buddy said that, when i came back inside, finally, it looked like i had seen a ghost, and that i was very quiet the rest of the night. My memory, and sense of being alert, didn't return until the next day. That's when i asked him, if i had told him about the UFO event, and he said, yes. So, that's when i started figuring out that something else must have happened, but i can't bring myself to go under hypnosis.

No, i wasn't on drugs, or drunk, and it is what it is. I know this happened, so it doesn't matter if anyone believes me.

I do know this that we are not alone. I took, Astronomy, at college. We have a sun in our solar system, and our solar system is large, right? Our sun is one of millions of suns, aka stars, in our own galaxy. There are millions, billions, of galaxies out there, so to think that we are the only life out there is ridiculous. It would be a waste of space if we were the only ones. Just sayin....
