{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-09-19 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291827","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111503","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2619,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/827/mufon-5291827.json","updb_database_id":5291827}
gigantic ufo. miles across

location: denali highway mile 87. started about 10:45 and 
ended at 1:05
i went out the denali highway last night to atart a hunting trip.
'i tried to go to sleep, but ended up lookng out the window of my car
instead. i saw ONE star. just one. when i looked at it , it was 
moving around. after a few minutes i woke my son up to confirm
that i wasn't seeing things. 
after about half an hour i checked the time. 11:17 PM. i got out 
of the car to get a better look and there were about 20 of these 
lights. they were zig-zaging, running in circles and going in 
and out of clouds. ( the clouds were not moving). when they went 
into the cloud, the cloud would light up. after a while the "cloud"
disappeared there was something under it. the light was lighting up
the underside of something massive.
my thoughts on the way they were moving around was that they were
looking for something or checking it out...? what i could see of it
was around a half a mile long. the rest of it was behind a mountain.
i looked to the left and saw a second one that was cigar shaped and
was bigger than the first one. theyre were lights flying around it 
as well. the "cloud" never left this one though.
the lights on the first "ship" were doppingred and blue oblects.
when i manged to get a good look at these they looked like sparks
from a welder. ( doing repairs?)
a third cloud appeared suddenly. instantly, not floating in. just
popped into view like turning an a light switch. after this all of 
the lights disappeared and the clouds vanished and all of the stars
came back into view. it ended at 1:05 AM. almost 2 1/2 hours after 
i first noticed them.
during this time one car drove up the road. the lights vanished and
came back when the vehicle had left. my son suggested turning on the 
car lights to see what happened. the lights in te sky went out and
came back on after i turned them off. we flashed the lights three
times and one of the lights blinked back three times
