{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525827","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29891","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3652,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/827/mufon-5525827.json","updb_database_id":5525827}
dark matte(?) body, many non-blinking red lights coming from sides, bottom, maybe top(?)

from sofa watching tv, my eye was caught by bright red lights appearing through my large slider door. didn't look like the regular planes that go over, so after a few seconds of wondering what it was, went outside to see it more clearly. night was clear, stars were out, sky still slightly illuminated by leftover light from the day. saw what appeared to be a possibly flattish- cone or bell shaped dark body with bright red lights emanting from all sides, bottom, possibly top but not sure about that. it was moving from the west to east when i first saw it. i could see it very clearly.  my first thought was, it was a helicopter, because of the "deliberate" kind of way it was moving, and also because of its speed being rather slow - maybe under 100 mph, and its height from the ground. but there was no sound. and so many lights and they were not blinking. another impression i had immediately was that it reminded me of a world war ii marine mine - and this was because of the shape and dark color of it, and because the red lights were so bright that they reminded me of the things that stick out from all around a marine mine. i would estimate its height at about 1000-1500 feet give or take. the thing was not spinning, because the lights remained in the same places throughout my sighting it. it was passing to the south of my house, in a very large arc from the west to the southeast, so as i continued watching from the backyard, i could see it from the side. i didn't see a propeller like a helicopter would have, nor did i see a "back end" like a helicopter would have. i was losing the last of the light in the night sky, so i can't say for sure if there were any protrusion from it, though. my veiw became obstructed, so i ran through the house and out the front to my front yard, and continued watching it. it got about where i would estimate it was over the ocean, but to the south of me, continuing in that same "deliberate" way, and still following that big arc to the southeast. so now i was seeing the back end of it, but it was getting farther away, and the leftover daylight in the sky was pretty much gone. then all the lights except maybe one went out, and within maybe 2 or 3 seconds, the whole thing either disappeared, or the last light went out. i didn't see it anymore. there are jet paths on the same trajectory the thing was following (except much higher up) and many small private planes crisscross this area often. there is also jet traffic to one of the military bases in the area so there are sometimes lower landing jets, but they are to the north of my house - and they in and go out in an east/west flight path. i couldn't imagine anybody flying anything that didn't have the standard blinking lights - because it could be unsafe. i have never seen anything like a ufo before and its taken me a few days to remember all this stuff. while the event was happening, i could not take my eyes off of it. it was surreal.
