{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-06-04 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504827","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54057","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2881,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/827/mufon-5504827.json","updb_database_id":5504827}
{cak} Saw a huge light harmonica shape hovering over trees coming from Indian town to Stuart. .

Hello every one. What it to share this experience to the vast sightings of UFO al over the world. I live in fort pierce fl. And one summer day I was working in indiantown helping a friend install a clutch in a big ford dump truck that was getting ready to be put in to service. We finish the job just before night fall. we decided to drive the truck to Stuart were the truck was going to be park and put in to service. While we were driving on indiantown rd Toward Stuart we notice a rare sighting. First we saw a hole bunch of deer al sizes more than 10. I Never seen so many deers together in my life. We almost run over one of them. A few minutes later we saw a big, huge light twice the size of our dump truck hovering over the trees. West or N west kind of following the curve road. The light was huge it was rectangular in shape kind a look like a big harmonica. It seem like it was standing still but it cud not be because we were moving in a dump truck about 40 to 45 miles per hour. We tried to decipher what this huge light was, just hovering over the trees. We have never seen nothing like it. We kept going for a few minutes and the light was just there. Al of the sudden the light started to get brighter like when a rocket is just getting ready to take off . a huge expansion of light, like a bum, kind a like when you throw a rock in to a calm pond race trough the dark sky. The object just hovered and stayed at same speed. A few minutes later it did it again. My friend and I cut not believe our eyes and we cut not figured out what the hell that light was. We were in a loud dump truck we cut not hear any noise, and y can not remember if there were other cars or not. There most a bin others cars. We were to busy looking at that huge light and trying to figure out what it was and what it was doing. A few minutes later the road curved towards the east and the huge light just keep hovering towards east N east, and eventually we lost it from our sight. Today I still don't know what that huge light was. But I m certain that it was no plane or rocket or helicopter I ever seen. Hope this helps to ad another little grain of sand to the idea that we ere not along in the universe.
