{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-09-19 18:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548827","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"7954","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3283,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/827/mufon-5548827.json","updb_database_id":5548827}
Bright fire colored vertical contrail and 4 whitish silver orbs/discs over the I-55 highway.

I was driving home from work taking the usual route LSD south to the I55 south and exit off at Circero Avenue (Midway Airport). I was on the I55 when traffic came to a dead stop just around Wentworth Avenue. From here the traffic was moving a few feet every couple mintutes. Typical scenery here is lots of Midway Airport plane traffic and birds. And thats what I saw, as always. Except, I first noticed was a gold/red contrail like on fire inside with a ball of light going down not up. I looked and looked and could see no aircraft attached to the top of this. It was very short and vertical hovering about 200 feet above the southbound side of traffic in front of me. I kept watching and wondering what the heck is that contrails don't go from the ground up. Seeing contrails is normal around all this airplane traffic but not like this. While that was happening in front of me about half a mile in distance. I saw a flash of silver light on my right side. I looked and thought it might be reflection from a bird or a plane. I saw a whitish/silver orb that from my point of view looked to be about 300 feet up . It did not fly but it moved slightly for about 1 minute. Now Iam trying to look at two odd things while driving. I thought ok Maybe just a bird and pay attention to the contail in front of you so you don't get in an accident. When I turned my attention back to the contrail I saw that it had changed to what I can only discribe as a rocket like white/blue contrail as I got closer to it I saw what looked like a small black round ball at the top of it. Then as I paid my attention forward in traffic the orb/disc reappeared on the other side of the south bound traffic hovering again this time right by the contrail and then a commerical plane flew right over these to objects. These orbs/disc were from my point of view the size of about 4 of those large work-out balance balls put together. I kept thinking is anyone else seeing this. They would have too. The orb/disc dissappeared into thin air after about 2 minutes. Then I found myself driving right underneath this rocket contrail that hadnt moved an inch from its original spot. It was almost like you could touch it. I tried to keep looking for it in my rear veiw and it continued as last seen until I counldnt track it anymore. Then traffic was easing up a little and again saw the same orb/disc now back on the the right side of the highway. I watched again it just hovered and dissappeared into thin air. Then as I reached my Cicero exit I could see over the train tracks the orb hovering really low and next to the setting sun .
