{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-01 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481827","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78155","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3494,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/827/mufon-5481827.json","updb_database_id":5481827}
{dr}we ere lying on a blanket watching the stars. We saw a bright red light hovering in one place. then it dropped then stopped. hovered for awhile the shot off to the west at high speed.

My girlfriend and I went for a walk at around 9:30pm Monday August first. We brought a blanket so we could lie on the grass in the courtyard by her condo and watch the stars.
As she was getting comfortable on the blanket getting ready to snuggle when i saw the bright red light in the sky to the north. The big dipper was up and to the right of the light.
Many planes fly by here since the airport is a few miles to the east so I thought at first that it was an airplane heading straight for us since it looked as though it was stationary.
Then I noticed that there were no other lights so i thought it might be a light on one of the towers so I moved to see if I could see any other lights or the hillside and all I saw was the light and sky between it and the horizon. i couldn't figure it out so i started to lie down to snuggle and it was ruined by a UFO..The light or object dropped like a rock, not a leaf. then stopped..it didn't slow down or bounce it just stopped. i sat up real fast and my girlfriend was alarmed and wondering what was wrong..i told her and she sat up to watch the light. we watched it hover for a few minutes and then it shot to the west at incredible speed..It didn't have to build up speed. It just shot off to the west. My girlfriend was freaked out and ran after it to if it was going to do anything else. She kept saying,"this is crazy, I have never seen anything like that in my life." "this is crazy"...

We were in a courtyard between the condos so when the light took off it went behind the trees and condos. My girlfriend ives here so she ran to a clearing to see if she could see it again and where it was headed.
My girlfriend was very excited and wanted to see it again..she wanted to stay out and watch for it to come back...then she couldn't stop talking about it. Then when we were in bed she opened the blinds to watch for it.
I have seen many UFO's and I have seen 3 alien vehicles. With witnesses,in Massachusetts, we saw 3 ships..not just lights..that was in 1969. Then again in 1976 there was a huge orb that looked like the moon was sitting over my house in Riverton ,wyoming,.Then a huge ferris wheel looking object was over the ranch in laramie ,Wyoming..
so I am very happy that my girlfriend and I saw one together because she didn't really believe my stories before...but it is such an incredible feeling knowing you saw something from another world and there is no doubt about it..

This is the most difficult thing about this is the lies from the powers that be and how they humiliate and discredit people..good people who see these things and try to report them...You develop a huge resentment for a government who treats their people like this.
