{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-01-01 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492827","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66697","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3152,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/827/mufon-5492827.json","updb_database_id":5492827}
{cak} I was Stationed at Nas Jax when I saw it on the flir pod. Dont remember exact date but not my first UFO sighting there either.

I'm an aircraft structural mechanic stationed at Naval Air Station Jacksonville. One night after the AT's got done working on the flir pod those of use working out there would play with it. when I started to play with it the thing we do is pan the airbase and zoom in on the hangers. Its a fun toy. as I focused on the hanger I noticed on the flight line a dark object saucer shaped totally black hovering over the base low treetop level. I watched it for a few minutes about 15 mins to be close to actual time. Then It moved and went straight up and was gone. When I tried to report it a major storm came done on top of me and I was told not to say a thing and drop it. So I did and spoke no more of it. 

Some months later I saw a UFO again. This time it was lit up and flew fast over the base then changed directions at right angles and was gone. whole thing took a few seconds. I made no attempt to report that one.

My Third experience took place when I was out of the Navy and in my semi driving. I was lost on a two lane highway on top of a mountain at night. I think was in Maryland and I saw a light in the distance. I was stopped on the side of the road on my GPS trying to find out where I was the GPS was not locating me position and the Qualicom directions were giving the wrong directions to my stop. In short I was lost. I was on the qualicom joking that I see a UFO, then to my surprise the light I thought was a helicopter ended up being a actual UFO and it lit up my truck for about 5 mins then went away. This event should be in the qualicom record because I remember talking about it on the qaulicom with dispatch.

The last sighting I had was in Georgia at night; I was at a rest stop resting and looking in the sky when I saw two aircraft flying the light radiation from the near by city was lighting up the bottom of the aircraft and I noticed they were boomerang shaped a pair of them flying in formation. The had marker lights and three white lights large light circle under it wing tips and center. Those I thing are military aircraft. But in all my time with aircraft I never saw these before. I have touched a f-117 and seen many top secrete aircraft fly but I have never seen these land near me. Those are my stories My health is not to good and I don't know how long I will live or if I will get better. I don't want anything other than to help your investigations I hope these can help you.
