{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524827","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30983","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3847,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/827/mufon-5524827.json","updb_database_id":5524827}
Two craft that first appeared to be stars hovering over Bethany Beach during the Perseids

A little after midnight on Friday night (Aug. 12)/Saturday morning, I went out to the beach with a relative to watch the Perseids. Shortly after we arrived, I looked up to our left and saw a light, that I initially thought was a star, moving slightly over the ocean. At first it seemed like one single yellowish white light, maybe a little brighter than most of the surrounding stars. I watched it for a while to see if it was a plane, but although it was definitely moving, it was neither coming nor going anywhere, just hovering and darting around within the same general space. Then I noticed that besides the one constant yellow-white light, there were alternating other lights in red, green, and another pale color, maybe another set of white lights. There may have been other colors, but it was too dark to see, and blue would have been hard to pick out against the dark sky. The one, starlike yellow-white light was constantly on, although it did dim and get brighter. It might not be a correct one, but I got the impression from looking at it that all the lights were, in fact, attached to a single craft. They all stayed in the same position relative to each other even as it moved.

The best way I can describe the craft's movements is as hummingbird or bee-like, hovering and darting around, although not so fast that I couldn't trace its path. My relative saw it too and confirmed that there were definitely blinking lights and that it was moving strangely, totally unlike a plane and probably way too high up to be a helicopter. She then spotted another one to our right, also over the water, behaving almost identically, although it was farther away and harder to see, so I remained focused on the craft I initially spotted.

Remembering several accounts I've heard of people being able to psychically communicate with craft, I silently asked that, if it could hear me, to indicate so by moving up and down. It did as I asked. Then I asked for it to just move downwards this time, and it also complied. The third time I asked it to move side to side if it could hear me, and it started to do so before I could even finish the question in my head. A few minutes later I started asking those types of "give me proof that you can hear me" questions, but it stopped responding, and I got the distinct impression (again, just an impression) that it was fed up with that game.

We stayed there on the beach for about forty-five minutes, and both crafts remained for the entire time. They were there before we got there, and they were still there when we left, so I have no idea how long they were camped out over the Atlantic. We discussed whether it could have been a weather balloon, but it was not moving like a weather balloon and that explanation doesn't count for the blinking multicolored lights and, well, last time I checked I couldn't psychically communicate with weather balloons. One last thing I should mention is that after my psychic communication, if that's really what it was, my whole skull felt warm, especially in the back. That was definitely a new sensation, and although I knew that logically I should be unnerved, I wasn't.
