{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-09-11 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492663","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66867","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3040,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/663/mufon-5492663.json","updb_database_id":5492663}
{rjl} ufo was rectangler and moving right to left above tree line moving steady and slow at about 930 pm at night making a slight humming or vibrating sound as it passed by and was observed apprximately 2.5 minutes as it went by

during my time in the military my unit was sent from ft. carson co. to ft. mcoy wisconsin to resettle the cuban refugees that castro sent over on the boats . after we arrived at ft. mcoy the cuban refugees rioted and torn the compound down and my unit had to provide a show of force to preclude refugee escapes etc. .at one point the entire battalion had to physically man the the securityfence to contain any major disturbances . around 11 september at about 930pm while i was getting into my sleeping bag to sleep as i was sitting on the ground inside my bag i happened to look up through a clearing in the treeline and witnessed a rectangular object that was clearly an ufo . it was moving just above the treeline from right to left of my position and was weirdly brightly lite . my lietenant was standing right beside me and saw it and about 40 to 50 other soldiers were standing out on the road some distance from me and i could see they were looking at it also and it looked like i might have seen a couple soldiers taking pictures possibly. this incident happened in sept. of 1980 and most people who used cameras back then only had the 110 camera type. as the ufo moved slowly across the starlite sky i observed what i thought were two unknown looking intites standing at a window or observation port looking right back at us . i watched go by for about 2 minutes and it just went across in front of my position untill it disappeared behind the treeline... it never moved up or down in any way ; it just moved from right to left of my position with the bright stars in the background except where the ufo was . i couldn't see any stars where and when as the ufo passed by because the area the vehicle\ ufo covered was absent of stars in the night.some of this report i've probably left out some information because its hard for me to put into words what i witnessed and how it moved and sounded ; i much rather tell the report to someone and let them clarify my observations with some one with some experience. the craft was huge and was seen up close and personal if you know what i mean ... have kept this to myself for over 30 years and cant do it any more . remember the other witnessses also . i was not alone .
