{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-07-10 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502663","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56335","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2469,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/663/mufon-5502663.json","updb_database_id":5502663}
{cak} UFO with Anti-Gravitational Propulsion-Like Acceleration

My mother (now deceased) and I were in my car driving from Clarion, IA to Dows, IA during a summer evening (approximately Jul1981). I was driving my 1979 Dodge Omni 024 into the NW corner of Dows, IA when I noticed an unusual object just North of the football field. It was stationary and it was emitting various flashes of light or flame. I thought it was a balloon and my mother agreed. I drove to a gravel road intersection and turned the car around in order to face the object from a SW direction (angled towards the North side of the football field. I shut the engine off and my mother and I got out of the car to observe the object. It was a disk-like object with a center end all around. A cone-shaped top and bottom was seen and various lights and flames were "shooting off" the bottom side of the object. I told my mother that a balloon does not look like the object and no sound was heard. I told my mother to get in the car and that we would drive North along the West side of the football field (on old Highway 72) and get closer. We were driving approxmately 10 miles per hour with the windows open. We could not hear anything from the object. When I got to the point where the object was almost directly East of the car the object immediately moved from a stationary position to approximately 5 miles to the NW direction (by the horizon). No noise occurred and I have never seen anything move so quickly with no noise. I was very surprised that no sonic boom occurred, any rush of air or vacuum. I pulled the car onto the shoulder and watched the object in the Northern horizon for another 30 seconds and then it disappeared. I have discussed this with some fellow engineers and it appears that the propulsion system was anti-gravitational with some ability to control the effects of acceleration/deceleration.
