{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-15 13:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489663","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69946","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2605,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/663/mufon-5489663.json","updb_database_id":5489663}
{dr}Seen wile fishing on lake then at home a few days later.

I was in a boat on a lake near our home with my wife brother-in-law and sister-in-law. I had seen a couple of choppers flying a few minutes before siting the ufo but they left and at the time i did not think to much about it. I just happened to look up into the sky almost right above us and seen it barely moving and it came to a stop almost at once. I reconized what it was from telivision but this one looked a little diferent from the ones on tv. 
 It had A white round top about ten feet tall and 30 to 40 foot long. It also had rather large square windows that looked to go all the way around.
The bottom was a mid grey color with round edges about 75 to 80 feet long.
 I told everyone what i was seeing and for some reason only my brother-in-law looked up to see it and calmly said yes it is and never looked again. I tried to get my wife and sister-in-law to look several times and they never did wich to this day my wife does not understand why she didnt look.It was a lot closer than any i have seen on tv and a lot larger.
 I watched it for about 4 to 5 minutes and remembered i had glasses to get a lot better look so i tried to reach to where they were but had to turn my head for only a second or two and looked up and it was gone. There were no clouds at all in the sky ind it just disapeared. Somehow looking at it felt normal and the only thing that bothered me was my family would not turn to look.
 A stranger part is a few days later i saw it again the same angle only somewhat higer at my home. I dont remember how long i stood there watching it but all at once it just slowly kind of just faded till it was gone. I dont want to sound like a nut but ever since then where i was standing wile watching it has a ring af grass that is taller than the center and outside of the ring. Whenever i mow the lawn for a few days it is there every time Seems to grow longer and darker. Again i was very calm the whole time and dont get why.
