{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-07-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491663","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67898","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2626,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/663/mufon-5491663.json","updb_database_id":5491663}
{dr}abduction,have implants in body. multiple abductions over the years. want implants removed.

I was six years old when it first happened. we lived in a trailer approx. 12 miles from Bloomington,Indiana on a rural farm.I woke up and went to the bathroom. I saw green lights in my parents bedroom,I looked down hall and saw both of my parents asleep on the couch in the livingroom. I walked into their bedroom and found that I could'nt move. I became frightened and passed out. I woke up on top of a cold table. The lighting above the table was white however I looked around and the lighting in the rest of the room was green. I saw what I would now describe as a grey alien,the lighting made this alien apprear green. When this alien saw me looking at him he just looked at me and made my head feel like it was being crushed,I passed out again. When I came to I was so terrified that I played dead and witnessed them scweesing the back of my right arm. All these years I have lived with lump in my arm. Over the years I've been abducted three other times. This is what I have learned, stay in densely populated areas. The last time I was abducted I was in Tahoe National Forest. I was camping with my brother and best friend. We were in our tent,we were talking. I said to them,look at the green lights,can you see them? Neither one of them said anything. I knew they could'nt be asleep. I blacked out only to awaken back on this table again. I believe that one of these implants is some sort of tracking device. I would really like to have this device removed. I saw this ufo on our farm once, it looked translucent it reminded me of predator charactor in that arnold shwartenegger movie. I ran to get my mother,when we returned it was gone. As a child I referred to these creatures as green devils, I really did'nt have much reference material in my head as a child. My Grandmother understood exactly what I was saying. She said they have'nt been around here for a while. Let's not talk about them anymore.  Feel free to contact me.
