{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-01 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524663","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31161","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2716,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/663/mufon-5524663.json","updb_database_id":5524663}
Light in the distance on my way to work, soon appears to be 3 lights.

I was on my way to work one night in mid/late June. There are lots of planes and helicopters that fly around in the air around Union county. This did not appear as anything I had seen before. I drive down Route 33 on my way to work each night for my 3rd shift job in dublin. I seen a bright white light in the sky larger than any star. It was a very clear nightno clouds that I could tell. I kept driving down the highway untill the light started to dim and changed into a dull orange light. It looked as if the light were dimming to the point it almost dissappeared. When I was a couple miles away from where it was apparently hovering it turned bright white again and I could see two red pulsating lights lower to both sides of the object. These red lights looked to be slowly pulsating while the white light stayed bright. I was right beside the object on the highway when I pulled over to look at it. It was on the other side of the highway over a field. It appeared to be about the height up of possibly a 8 - 12 story building? There was a area with trees besides the field and the object was about twice their height up in the sky. There was also another car on the side of the road, I presume the person was also looking at this "craft." I sat in my car and rolled down the window as I looked at this thing. It stayed in position for about one minute until it suddenly slowly started to move along the direction of the highway at the speed I could only describe at a crawl or very slowly. This was the only time I had seen the object move. I became frightened and decided I needed to get to work. I drove away and looked into the mirror and continued to see it until I went around the highway that goes past the Post Road exit. I would like to let it be known that it appeared as a triangle shape and the stars from the sky did not appear to show through the middle of the craft. I did not hear any sounds or see any solid surface although it seemed as though there might have been an edge on it. It was too dark to tell and the lights were very bright.
