{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-09 02:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525663","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30063","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2595,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/663/mufon-5525663.json","updb_database_id":5525663}
near-stationary red lights with erratic patterns and flashes of white nearby

My friend and I had just (within 15 minutes) driven home from Key West. We did not see anything at all in the sky, and ever since I saw something bizarre last year, I don't take my eyes off the sky. When we arrived home, I commented on the lack of light pollution in the area, and said I would come back outside after putting my things down. There was nothing in the sky at this time. A few minutes later, I walked outside, into the drive way, and looked around. I saw two red lights blinking in a one-two one-two pattern. I assumed that it was a tower of some sort. Then they moved to the right, and the flashing began to happen simultaneously. I then text-messaged my friend that rode with me to come outside. She came out and watched the lights with me and it began to become apparent that this was a rather unusual light show. The lights began to flash a third light, randomly it seems, slightly lower than the other two. The patterns of the blinks began to vary, without pattern. Sometimes simultaneous, sometimes with a second of no lights in between, sometimes one right after the other, sometimes with a third. At this point, after discussing the possible options of what it could be, we decided to walk closer. We walked maybe 4 houses down, only to become frightened and turned around. It looked like it was coming closer. As I turned to head towards the house, I saw a white orb flash brightly in the sky opposite the object, and when I turned back, a faint beam of light flashed beside the red. I tried to take video but the lights would not show up on the phone, so it's a recording of my friend and myself muttering profanities as we realized this was not manmade. I ran inside to get binoculars and looked through them. It was a very dark and solid object, but I couldn't make out more than that. I watched for over a half hour and now I must be trying to sleep. I feel like I should still be outside watching.
