{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-15 11:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503663","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55264","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2212,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/663/mufon-5503663.json","updb_database_id":5503663}
2orange-red orbs sighted silently hovering, 1 disappeared; 1 moved westward.

It was a beautiful clear sunny summer morning and I was on my way to a job interview (hence, how I was aware of the exact time). While standing at the bus stop I happened to glance across the street and up in the air and noticed two orange-red spheres hovering in the sky slightly northwest to where I was standing. They seemed to be in the distance. My first thought was that these were balloons and I looked away. It then occurred to me that these objects did not look or act like balloons would, i.e. they were perfectly round, textured as a soccer ball and seemed metallic as they were reflecting the sun. I quickly glanced back and noted that there were now only one within my visibility. The remaining orb then proceeded to silently move towards the west. Unfortunately, the bus arrived at that moment and I entered this so as not to be late for my interview. 

What I find a little shocking is that this took place in a fairly busy area, in the middle of the day with many people around, yet I am the only person to report this? I will never forget the clarity and the reality of seeing this object -- in my own neighbourhood.

In 1975 I saw a pair of lights high in the sky at night, in Winnipeg, Manitoba - suddenly, one of the lights flew across the horizon in the night sky and was gone in seconds.

I have had some extremely interesting and rather shocking conversations with a friend who is a retired astrophysical engineer who worked on the space shuttle program for NASA and who currently contracts for the US gov't.
