{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-31 23:49:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519663","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37114","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4712,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/663/mufon-5519663.json","updb_database_id":5519663}
Dim orb/lights in modified arrow formation crossed sky rapidly in straight-line path and faded away over Phoenix

At 11:49pm on March 31, 2012 I was sitting around a fire pit at the Arizona Grand Resort in Phoenix, AZ with my husband, two sons and some other people. I was enjoying the weather (80-83 degrees F) and completely clear skies while on vacation from Oregon. There was a very slight breeze

I had pointed out Orions belt to my sons earlier in the evening and was tracking its progress across the night sky in relation to where the moon was. As I was visiting with everyone, something caught my eye at the top of my field of vision. 

When I looked up I noticed five (5) very evenly spaced but very dim/muted glowing orbs moving in a modified "arrow or V" formation (I think from SE to NW, but Im not entirely positive of the accurate direction). I noticed them when they were about 1/3rd of the way across my view of the sky, and it only took them about 6-8 seconds to cross the final 2/3rd of my view and then they faded completely away just before they would have disappeared from my view behind the buildings. But they definitely didn't go behind the buildings, they just faded away. 

Whatever it was, it didn't stand out easily from the sky either. When I pointed it out to the people I was with it took them 1-2 seconds to see what I was talking about. Id say that the other witnesses [ages removed/dr/CMS] only saw it for half of the time that I did and my husband missed it entirely. It definitely did not look like a satellite, or shooting star - I have seen both. 

At first I thought that it might have been Canadian Geese as it was sort of like the V shaped formation that they fly in, but living in the Pacific Northwest I see geese all the time and they never stay as consistently close, or in the exact shape of what I saw. Not only that, but it was much too high for me to have seen if it had been birds. Additionally, Geese are rarely completely silent and what I saw was 100% without sound.

The "lights" for lack of a better word, were not crisp and glittery like stars, but more like filtered reflection of light off the bottom of something. Almost like seeing Mother of Pearl reflect light, or animal eye-shine in the dark. Each light was very circular by itself, and was a pale, pale white or light grey. 

The formation never changed. It didn't spread apart or get closer together, nor did it speed up or slow down. The path it took across the sky was a very straight line. In terms of the formation, think of it as a V/Arrow with one light in the lead then two more behind and to each side of the lead. Then there were two more lights on the right edge which were behind and to the side. It would have been a perfect V, but there were two less lights on the left edge - almost like when Military jets fly that missing jet formation to honor pilots that have been shot down...

Shortly after it was witnessed(maybe 5-10 minutes later), a plane crossed the sky in a completely different direction, but it allowed for me to compare its speed with the Unidentified Object and there was no comparison. It took the plane at least 30 or more seconds to cover the same distance. Also a bird flew around overhead about 2 minutes after what I saw disappeared, and its flight path was not only very erratic, but only about 25-30 ft. off the ground and clearly visible to be a bird.

After it disappeared I noted the exact time on my wrist watch to be 11:49pm. I went back to my room and drew a diagram of the formation Id seen and asked my sons if it looked like what they had also seen. They agreed and said that they didn't need to draw anything different.

When it was happening, I was very puzzled as I just couldnt make sense of what I was seeing. I wasnt freaked out - more like "huh...what the heck is that?" Other than ask the people in my group "What is that? Guys, what is that?" I remained fairly calm. It was pretty exciting to realize that no one else had an explanation or idea of what it might have been - definitely one of the most surreal moments of my life!!
