{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-25 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470663","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89828","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2617,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/663/mufon-5470663.json","updb_database_id":5470663}
{jpg} The formation had 4 bright lights in a perfectly straight line.

At around 7:30 p.m. Thursday, my girlfriend and I were driving back home to St. Charles headed from the western portion of St. Louis County. As I was driving up the entrance ramp to the highway, we both noticed four very noticeable, but strangely 'dull' circular lights moving in the sky, in a perfectly straight formation. They stayed horizontal for a minute before then moving in every which direction. At one point, around the time my girlfriend began recording the lights, the light at the 'top' of the formation suddenly 'faded' out and then re-appeared at the 'bottom' of the formation within maybe two or three seconds. Before I process what just happpened, the same light faded out again and, once more, appeared at the top of the formation.

From there, the lights seemed to move around more freely than before. Once I got off the highway, I kept driving instead of heading home. It was then that the lights moved into a triangluar formation for maybe 10-15 seconds before going back to the four-light formation. That was the last we saw of them for the night due to buildings blocking that portion of the night sky.

I should note the distance between each of the lights could not have been more than a few hundred feet. While this happened, several passenger planes could be seen flying in the distance. The lights and the way they carried themselves were completely and totally different from the four lights we were looking at. There was no constant blinking in the formation, just repeated glowing. Again, the lights were all white, but it was 'dull.' I really don't know how else to describe it. It seemed to have a very slight tint to it.

For the first time in my life, I have no explanation for what I saw in the sky.
