{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1966-03-01 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283663","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119775","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6482,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/663/mufon-5283663.json","updb_database_id":5283663}
1966 Sighting of two alien space craft

1996 Sighting of two alien space craft
For the purpose of this document, I will not treat this sighting as a UFO or Unidentified Aerial Vehicle, because what I saw was clearly, in my opinion, a very large, possibly disc shaped, identifiable “Mothership” and a much smaller orb shaped “Scout Craft”. Neither of them was a weather balloon or any form of modern aircraft seen in our skies. 
The Mothership Part 1
The year of the sighting was 1996 and I am unable to recall the time of year.
The time of the sighting was 23:30
The place of the sighting was Bertram Street, near the corner of Grandview Avenue in the suburb of Glen Iris, Victoria, Australia.
I had left the premises of 26 Bertram Street at approximately 23:28. I walked West towards the Burwood train station.
I walked on the road rather than on the footpath and after about 50 meters I glimpsed some flashes of light on my right-hand side peripheral vision. This was almost due North from my viewpoint and at an angle of about 20 degrees above the horizon and not far above the rooftops of nearby houses. I remember thinking to myself how odd this was. What I had glimpsed was the Mothership with lights that were relatively dimmed out, as I was to discover.
At that time, I did not recognise it for what it was.
The Scoutcraft/Orb
A second or two later an orb appeared in my left vision from the far South and at an angle of about 70 degrees. That is, it came from a great height. 
The orb was a pure white dazzling colour and in diameter would be in between a pea and a 10 mm circle held at arm’s length. It looked similar with what I would have called a photoflood light.
The orb headed in the direction of the ground at what appeared to be at about a 45-degree angle. When it came down to the height or altitude of the Mothership, I had seen earlier it changed its flight to horizontal and flew to the Mothership where its light was instantly ceased.

As this Orb/Scoutcraft was descending it flew beneath some clouds and it was so bright that it lit up the clouds above it. The distance the Scout covered could well have been twenty to forty kilometres. From my viewpoint it traversed a 180-degree arc from South to North as I was facing East, with about half the distance in the 45-degree dive and the other half horizontally.

In my estimation it covered this distance in less than two seconds.
I noted that the Scout covered the distance in complete silence and no sonic boom as I estimate its speed would have exceeded the sound barrier. I have seen modern day jet fighter aircraft performing high speed passes and I consider them slow in comparison.
There was no visible trail left by the Scout … no smoke, no sparks and no flames. There was no mistaking it as a meteorite because it changed trajectory and flew horizontally. It was clearly under intelligent control.
At that point I instantly recognised that I had just sighted an Alien Spacecraft or a UFO, if you like, and without seeing anything else I would have been happy in that knowledge. But…..
Mothership Part 2
I then realised that the Scout had stopped at the point where I had first observed the before mentioned glittering lights. The same lights, that in their isolation, and without seeing what followed, would have meant nothing to me.
About three or four seconds later I focussed on the lights that were initially dim and hardly visible and they slowly increased in intensity. What I saw was string of individual lights arranged in the shape of an ellipse. My guess is that if I was standing directly underneath this craft, I would have seen a disc shaped craft with lights around its circumference. From my viewpoint this circle appeared as a ellipse.
I would also guess, by judging the distance from me, that this mothership could have been several hundred meters in diameter.
The lights of the Mothership continued to increase in intensity and it appeared to be stationary. Over about ten seconds the lights came up to the same bright white intensity as the scout was observed at. In other words, an ellipse of pure white intensely bright lights. The Mothership then appeared to move very slowly away from me and as it did so the lights started to dim. It was like dimming stage lighting. The elliptical configuration vanished but I could still make out the craft as some other lights were also visible.
I observed that as the craft moved slowly away, the airspace that it had vacated behind it, glowed like a pale blue aura. I recognised that the craft was ionising the vacated airspace.
Confirmation of my sighting.
As this was happening two young men approached from my opposite direction and I excitedly pointed to where the Mothership was fading and asked them if they could see what I saw. I am pleased to say, yes, they confirmed that they could see a patch of blue glowing sky and a minute or so later the Mothership faded away from my sight.
I was extremely excited as I recognised that I had witnessed two alien craft and wanted to immediately report my sighting. I returned to the household from where I had come, explained my sighting and requested to use the phone in order to report it. It was now approaching midnight.
I telephoned the Herald Sun Newspaper and excitedly tried to report what I had seen, saying that I had seen an actual space craft and not just some light in the sky. I asked if anyone else had reported a sighting. The reporter was not interested to know any more detail about me or the sighting and the call was terminated.
In 1966 I turned twenty-five years of age and now as an eighty-year-old I still have a vivid recollection of my one and only genuine alien craft sighting.
My contact details are:
Juris Vilde
214 Doncaster Road
Balwyn North Vic 3104
Email: juri@iprimus.com.au
     juriswilde@gmail.com

Phone 0412 292 468
