{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-22 18:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527663","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27958","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4825,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/663/mufon-5527663.json","updb_database_id":5527663}
From a distance a bright star then as it moved closer a ball of light.. as it passed close over me a very bright orb .. approximate size standard airplane.NO SOUND!!!

I hope I do this report correctly an half way decent an that it makes sense..I never did this before but I will try my best because I truly feel it is very important to keep track of these bad boys because its starting to look like there go's the neighborhood with are the unknowns<><><> I live in a wooded area off a dirt road and every other day in the early evening with just enough day light I go for my power walk. It was Tuesday Feb.22nd, the sky was quite clear so i got dressed an ready.. I step outside about around 6pm still a little sun light but not much.. I began my walk in the west bound direction from my home.. It was starting to get dark quickly an the stars were showing up so I get about 2 1/2 miles down the road on my route then I turned around an start heading back east bound by then its pretty much dark.. I could see stars every where an air craft as well.. now mind you I am believer in u.f.o's and I have seen strange things in the sky so yeah every time I step out im looking towards the heavens with an open mind.. anyways i got about a half a mile to go to get home and still looking at the stars as I walk when suddenly to the north of me in the sky above my head I spotted a flash of light an the color was strange like them black lights they sell at the store.. so its blinking an flashing how ever I could not make out the shape just a flash.. now this thing was not moving so I stop walking dead on my tracks to study this flash when suddenly it stops for a minute or two then it starts to flash again an still holding its position an not moving or flying just there but then it stops again an I see nothing but the stars so I took my time looking for it an I even look around in different directions to see if it moved an nothing,nada,zip! an I must of stood their investigating 12 or 15 min.s but nothing it is gone gone, vanished what have you which was needless to say weird an strange so it was time to move on so I took off when not even a minute I look behind me to the west an I see a very bright star like but I know its not a star because its moving and towards my general direction but very very slow.. so I say to myself ok here we go again its time for code observation.. my position is a few miles west of Mt. Pleasant Mi. middle of a back dirt road in the dark wooded area in stickville an approximately between 6:45 n 7:00 p.m.Ok so I waited patiently as it got closer but there is no sound whats so ever, nothing and the way that it flys nice n slow like a sail boat on a calm smooth ocean.. now its close enough to try n make out a detailed description.. yeah right.. it was low like no higher then a radio tower absolutely soundless and the shape a perfect circle sphere a very bright orb and size? no bigger then a full size van an no smaller then a ol German bug wagon and the way it made me feel like yeah a bit scared but very fascinated, very privileged, it was amazing it really was a mix of emotions .. I kept watching it till it faded away but the thing is when I first noticed it from the west it was about 3 miles away more or less and very bright but as it passed away not even a mile away it faded, diminish as though it went into another dimension and that's what it look like to me.. One other thing that I think is important, this is not the first time that I have seen sphere's orbs ..in this area alone in the last 2 years I have witness 6 or 7 and 1 in the early morning day light back in the fall and it was still a bright light orb with the sun up.. I do have a vid clip of 1 and its very bouncy in the frame being that I had no time to set the tripod and also it appears that it always begins from the west to the east, exactly the same path and exactly same altitude, another words it seems to begin and end with the same route.. I have been seeing these orbs since the mid 90's where I grew up in Chesaning Mich. which is 1-hour S.east of Mt.Pleasant... keep your eye's open towards the heavens my unknowns with an open mind and patients an your bound to see an unknown....peace & love...
