{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-05-15 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485016","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74780","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2467,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/016/mufon-5485016.json","updb_database_id":5485016}
{rjl} Combination of a light coming from me and a not-from-this-world voice occurring over a few months.

I am now 57 years old. I have recently retired from a 32 year teaching career. When I was 10 years old my older brother was making a short wave radio as a science project for his seventh grade science fair. As he was fine-tuning the radio we were passing around the headphones attached to the radio. The only person who heard anything was me. I heard a unrecognizable voice speaking a language which to me, at least at the time, was not of this world. That night as i was lying in bed, the voice resumed. But this time there was no headphones, radio, and everyone else in the house was asleep. The voice came back to me during ensuing nights beginning to affect my sleep and even life. I remember one night i awakened my brother who this time became angry since it wasn't the first time. 
Occurrences that were apparently associated with those aforementioned were happening at about this same time. Bright lights were running along the walls of my bedroom at night. Not constantly, but from time to time. 
Here's the most significant part of all of this and why I'm choosing to report these occurrences...One night my mother came to my room to check on me. She saw a bright light, about the size of a golfball on the center of my lower back coming through my covers. she put her hand over the light to check to make sure where from where it was being generated.  She was startled to see that it was coming from me and not from above. She didn't tell me about this until many years later when I was teaching and these things were obviously in my past. 
Above I left vague details about specific times, etc. because these occurrences were long ago, happening over several months. I was 10 years old. I had no more occurrences of this sort happen to me at any age before or after.
