{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-12 21:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501016","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58060","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3247,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/016/mufon-5501016.json","updb_database_id":5501016}
{cak} A single light moving quickly horizontally south to north became or revealed as 2 lights before fading out

At approximately 9:00pm or shortly after I was traveling
East on Interstate Highway 10 to SEGUIN from San
Antonio, at approximately 75 mph. Somewhat past or
East of San Antonio Raceway I noticed a white light to the
southeast between 2:00 and 3:00 bearing. It was low to 
the horizon, 10 to 15 degrees above the far tree 
At first it did not seem unusual, as there is a small airfield
In the area that side of the highway and it was about the altitude of a small plane 
as if it were on approach with a landing light on. At this point
It was a bright single point of light, no features seen, as it
was dusk, an almost dark sky. Initially seemed to be moving
slowly north, then I took notice as it apparently accelerated and 
sped across the highway moving north at what I thought was
"military" speed, as if it were a trainer from nearby Randolph AFB
going all out. I thought this unusual for the location and altitude.
As it passed to between a 9:00 and 10:00 bearing to the north
from my traveling position, from that angle it either revealed itself as 2 equal 
lights or split into 2, I could not tell, but in close formation. Then abruptly they faded out
quickly, first the second, then the first. There was 
no clouds or haze, they just faded into the clear.
I think if they were USAF trainer aircraft there was 
enough light for me to have seen the aircraft bodies.
Which I see fairly often across this road. Also, I
a little surprised when I could not make out any
aircraft attached to the lights when they crossed
the highway.

This struck me as unusual for several reasons.
I did not think these were meteors as the flight path
was low on the horizon, perfectly horizontal to
the ground, and I appeared to be gaining on
their path as I drove. Also, they were points of 
light, there were no tails or smoke.

I don't think it was a civilian light plane due to its
apparent speed.

I don't think they were military, could not see the
craft, no strobes, red lights and light appeared constant
both coming and going. The second light did not 
seem quite right for wingtip lights...this might still be a 
possibility, but they still seemed odd.

Drones? Rate of speed seemed too much for someone
hoaxing with small drones.

That's it. I see the aircraft that frequent this area quite often
and these don't seem to fit the bill Got a few goosebumps when these
lights faded out and disappeared. 

I would be interested to hear if there were any other sightings
ar this time or other explanations.
