{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-03 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502016","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57006","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3215,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/016/mufon-5502016.json","updb_database_id":5502016}
{cak} Star like, triangular ET haze, landed ET disc shaped craft

Arriving home in the evening, probably 11:30ish, I'm outside looking up into the sky. Above the SE skyline I see a thick blue streak from left to right. Instantly my mind goes to work and question possibilities: shooting star, satellite, plane, helicopter, meteor shower, UFO!
Certain, if I keep observing in the same direction there's a good chance it'll happen again. I didn't see the attracting blue streak again;what I see is a large white dot like object. Flashing me!
What am I seeing? Am I really witnessing a ET craft? 
I pull out my phone and begin recording. The object is just above the treeline in my back yard. I've got a clear view at this. There's a crescent moon out and the night sky is fairly clear.
Still not sure of what I've located is what I believe it to be I'm a bit excited. 
I track this object For ten minutes and thirty three seconds. 
During this time it appears to be making contact with me. Or perhaps, contact in general. The object flashes multiple times. Sometimes very short bursts. Other times the flash is a bit longer. 
The object appears to be moving in the sky. Nothing extravagant I'm thinking but at least I'm recording my proof. Good enough for me.
Well, the object starts doing different things. Now it's coming in close. Real close.
Now, the single blip I've been seeing has made its way down from the firmament into a more familiar space. It's come into my realm of existence. My space. My back yard. Literally, feet away from me.
It comes in as a glow of light. A single glow. Next it takes a triangular transparent luminous entity carrying/dragging a tail if you will. Almost like a comet tail. 
It comes in and appears to be intrigued by me. It appears to look at me and hat I'm doing and really zooms in, like focusing really hard at me, so that it finally recognizes what I'm doing.
It hides behind a tree, child like, as if to want to play. It hovers again, it very clearly makes it's way to within feet of me, turns itself into what very clearly appears to be a UFO/ET craft. And fly's away.
From past videos and pics I've seen I can say without doubt that what I have has never been seen before. Ever! Not at this magnitude.
People always talk about the one that got away. Not this one. It's here. I've got it. You've got to see it.
