{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-09-10 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547016","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"19246","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4429,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/016/mufon-5547016.json","updb_database_id":5547016}
Observed craft that mimics jet plane, but vanishes then reappears

This craft was observed while standing outside a home in Carter Lake, IA on 9-10-9 at approx 8:40pm. Fortunately, I had a new witness with me, though he wishes to remain anonymous and will go by 1Jim1. We had just finished discussing my 8-30-9 sighting and I pointed out the NE area of the sky by the constellation Cassiopeia where we had seen that previous object. At about that moment, we both saw an eastbound craft at jet cruising altitude, just under the second V in Cassiopeia. I remarked to Jim that it really didn1t look like jet plane lights, when a series of brilliant, silver-white flashes were seen on the craft. They were easily as bright as Jupiter, which was hanging in the SW sky, but smaller. More like the size of Sirius, but not quite as bright. The craft continued on the same easterly path for a few seconds showing only some fine red lights, then INSTANTLY DISAPPEARED from our view. Although there were scattered clouds in the area, there were no clouds to block the lights, nor did they fade in/out. This craft simply vanished or went under cloak! Jim was absolutely astonished at this point and couldn1t comprehend how a plane could simply vanish. He works with an aircraft parts supply company near Eppley Airfield and has seen many planes in his life. He also witnessed with me the awesome fly-over of the ISS and Discovery on 9-9-9 that has helped generate so many 1UFO sightings1 over last few days. We both agreed this was NOTHING like those human engineered and piloted craft. I would STRONGLY URGE that a FOIA request be made for the radar data from Eppley! Although it1s likely that if they can cloak, then they probably won1t show up on our radar! 

We then proceeded to tell the 5 other people in the house, but my girlfriend who has seen many other objects with me was the only one to come out to try and see it again. She was unable to perceive anything after 20-30 seconds and went back inside since we were about to start a second game of cards. Then to the amazement of Jim and me, the SAME CRAFT reappeared at about the same height, but now almost directly overhead and moving in a SW direction! Again, we could see some faint red lights, but no clearly defined shape since it was so high up. The craft proceeded to flash the same brilliant strobe-like lights a few more times, shifted position and VANISHED AGAIN right before our eyes!!! I should also state there was no noise or contrail from the craft. In fact, this one seems to resemble closely the ones caught on camera in PA over last couple of months.

This craft is also very similar to what we witnessed on 2-16-9 over Offutt AFB while driving down Hwy 75 in Sarpy county. Especially the brilliant flashes of light and the fact that craft also seemed to vanish from view after banking to the North. Clearly, we are having repeated observations in the Omaha metro area! Whomever or whatever is operating these craft is perhaps sending signals of some type. I don1t feel 1blessed1 or 1chosen1 to see these things, but they keep manifesting themselves over and over. Now, I have another unbiased and independent witness to the phenomenon. That really helps lock in the fact that there is a real, physical intelligence that desires to be known in our conscious minds and daily lives. I do feel grateful that this is FINALLY going to become a reality for all of humanity! There will be challenges to be sure, but the benefits gained will far surpass the initial shock to our systems. I am in agreement with those that believe this will be a peaceful experience leading to a newly formed coexistence with other intelligences from beyond our solar system or even galaxy. There have been many, many hoaxes and erroneous reports caused by lack of information. These are different.
