{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-01-08 15:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290016","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113333","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3308,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/016/mufon-5290016.json","updb_database_id":5290016}
9 Spherical object traveling in 3 triangle formations

At 3:30 PM while waiting outside for buyers for a table I sold online, I saw out the corner of my sunglasses a silver orb in the sky. When I looked directly toward it, I realized it was the brightest of 9 total spherical objects that were silver in color that sunlight was reflecting off the outer material. The "lead" craft was twice as large as the other 8 that made up the formation. They were traveling NW to SE initially very slowly AND over the approach path of one of Las Vegas's airports.

The formation was 9 spheres in 3 seperate triangle paterns . The 3 triangles were in a specific formation. The first triangle was leading the other 3. The three triangles below the main triangle were below and to the left and right of the main triangle at exact distances to each other.

The buyers showed up a few minutes later and they observed and reacted instantly that they were observing something not ordinary or even drone and called friends to tell them to get outside and look for what we were observing.

As we continued to observe for the next 15 minutes, the "Lead" larger sphere turned slowly north east towards Nellis Air Force Base. All the other spheres slowly reconfigured into the 3 individual triangles formation. 

We then went about our business and after loading the table into the back of their truck, we no longer could see the spheres.

Key take a ways were:

1. Incoming commercial traffic were NOT diverting but the objects were literally above their flight paths. Matter of fact incoming AND outgoing since about 5 commercial aircraft transited below the objects.

2. I am close to Nellis Air Force Base. There was NO SCRAMBLE. I hear and see aircraft take off all the time, especially when they take off with afterburner. Crickets this day during this event.

3. The very distinct 3 triangle formation they were in then reconfigured . Specifically the 3 triangles in formation flight before and after the primary sphere decided to change direction.

4. The ONLY reason I was able to view them was that the sun was deep into the horizon before sunset in about an hour or two at the most, and the light of the sun was reflecting off their exterior.

For best viewing, use full screen on monitor or TV.
