{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-04-05 19:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471016","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89467","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2758,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/016/mufon-5471016.json","updb_database_id":5471016}
Humanoid being throwing during hours a large pole along 1150 feet effortless. After this, close encounter of the third kind. Hostile but not agresive. Antigravity, invisibility asociated.

Answers:

1. I was in a landing track for seeing plane models flying.

2. I took my binoculars for seeing better a model plane. When it landed I looked at the distance. Nobody ever parks there. Very strange, I thouht.

3. There was a black car. At its side there was a man, naked torso throwing a large pole.

4. About the fellow: athletic man, naked torso, tight long trousers, black boots, throwing a large pole out of human capabilities (1150 feet), no parabole, no taking a career, efortless like throwing a small dart. Repetitive movements, all day. I believe that pole/pertiga created a passive antigravity shield without visible external devices, as if it were a coating or a painting.
Note: his appearance is identical to the "Long man from Wilmington" (England), an ancient hill figure

About the car: black color, tinted windows, stopped near the man, closed doors, high-end car, very important: without license plate. Parked in an unusual place. The man didnt visit the car.

5.I surprised myself at the first moment. I looked at him, I could see him about an hour, doing the same routine. Throwing, walking, and picking up his pole. I thought of that large distance was totally explainable. So I walked towards him, but he approached I dont know how, but he materialized in front of me (I did not see the moment) and he caused me a mental conmotion like a grogi state. Then I backed up, I circled twice around me and returned to my car. I lost my memory of all this for three days, then I remembered it.

6. I dont know how I lost sight of the object . When I returned to my car I did not remember anything and I left the landing field about 9 PM with the lights car on. The man and the car remained at the same place, I suppose.

Final consideration: I would have preferred not to have lived this experience that has marked my life forever.
