{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-09-18 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549016","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"6712","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":10291,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/016/mufon-5549016.json","updb_database_id":5549016}
Hovered over beach house where I lived then disappeared temp

I was driving to a very large beach house, of approx 10,000 sq ft, to watch Seinfeld at 9:PM on a thursday. We left my home at about 8:30 in order to get to beachouse in plenty of time. The Beach house was located in a resort town of Southampton New York in the hamlet of Watermill. The community is a summer beach resort for the rich and famous, for whom I worked managing a beachouse. I usually lived at the beachouse by myself. However, I had just bought my own little house a few minutes away and was there with my Uncle who was visiting me for the first time. I didn't want a TV at my house, so to watch Seinfeld, we had to drive back to the beachouse where there were many TV's. 
Now. I should tell you that most of these resorts die after Labor Day and this was Thursday night so the beach road where the house was was deserted. i was the only one who lived on the beach for about a mile in one direction and over a mile in the other.
The unusual situations are numerous for this particular sighting as i'll explain as we go along.
As we were about a mile or more from the house I noticed an amber chandelier, which I thought must be in this newly built empty house on the right side of the road slightly higher than the road, as the land sloped upward about 10-20 feet with trees along the road and then a potato field behind them well out of my sight. Maybe the owners were moving in or something. ( the logic of this doesn't fit in retrospect, however I remember thinking the house was empty and no window coverings would allow the chandelier to appear so bright.) This is because I was seeing an amber glow in this particular direction on my right and there had been a house built there a couple of months earlier and it had not been moved into yet. 
Now the street was dark, no street lights as I recall, so lights would stand out. As we proceeded down this road there was an upward slope to the land all along the road. An embankment rising some 10 to 20 feet which had potato fields on the high side out of my vision and well behind the trees.
After I passed that house, I noticed the night sky behind the trees on my right and up over the slope I just described, seemed to be aglow with this amber light. As if there was an event going on in the potato fields. My initial reaction was a movie company filming in the potato fields or maybe a grass fire. Although as I drove it seemed that the light stayed behind the trees all along the road. Sort of like the moon follows you as you drive along. Although all I could see was this night sky lit up but the source was out of my sight beyond the trees. I started to think there might be a fire or something else, it felt out of sorts. Now about a half mile from the house, which is on the ocean with a bay behind it so the house sits on a narrow strip of land that encloses this bay/saltwater pond, the road heaqds straight toward this small bay/pond and we are paralleling the ocean beach at this point about a third of a mile back from the beach. When you almost drive into the bay the road turns ninety degrees right and goes along the side of the bay down to a public beach where just before you get to the parking lot the road turns left and goes about another half mile between the ocean and bay and then ends at the turn around by the river entrance to the bay. 
Now i must back up to where the road almost goes into the bay before turning sharp right. Because as I turned my little pickup truck right around this corner right beside the bay and turned toward the ocean beach straight ahead with the beachouse just a ways to the left of the beach sitting on top of a large dune and I'm still about a third of a mile away from the house and beach parking lot is where my uncle and I were surprised.
Over the beachouse and stretching for several houses in one direction and a couple of houses in the other above the dune with the moon lit night sky visible all around it's silouette and reaching a few hundre feet high into the sky was the biggest thing i ever saw floating in the air absolutely silently from where I was, as i rolled down my window. It was unlike anything i ever could have imagined and bigger than anything I can think of except maybe an aircraft carrier or cruise ship. And that's not the most amazing thing. It was a black dark silouette with six giant charcoal red glowing lights or portals. Positioned like the points of two pyramids sitting side by side. What I mean is at where the pyramid corners would be were these giant glowing lights four across the botom and two above. (I'll come back to the enormous size of these lights)
I drove as fast as I safely could, fearing for a dear or fox might run in front of me as they were prevalent in this particular area, down to the beach and when I got to the parking lot entrance, rather than turning toward the house, I drove straight ahead up into the parking lot and right up to the edge of the sand leading to the beach. At this point there is an area where the dune has a break in it so you can walk out onto the beach. From the time I hit the parking lot I lost sight of the object as I believed it was slowly moving away from us out over the beach and ocean, so I jumped out of the truck and ran out onto the beach.
It was gone. i was amazed, where could something so big go to so fast. As I looked up and down the beach and out onto the ocean way in the distance to my right and all the way out on the horizon as far out and to the right as I could see I saw something above the water by the horizon yet above the water shining these giant searchlights down on to the water in a scanning movement. Now, this is especially interesting to me. I grew up on Cape Cod in Massachusetts and we as children nearly lived at the beach day and night and we had a big air base on the cape and my dad was in the airforce, so I am use to seeing planes and helicopters flying over head and out on the horizon and have a pretty good idea of scale and relative distance and size of things. The thing is that the search lights shining down on the ocean should have been like a speck at that distance and maybe a beam the size of the thicknessof a piece of hair. The lights shining down onto the water were huge even at that distance. It's hard to explain how huge because it doesn't make sense.
MY Uncle was in his 70's at the time and as I walked back from the beach to the truck he was just standing by the truck looking all around and wondering if I had seen anything. I was thinking we're going to see aparade of cars racing down to the beach to see what the heck this was. One jeep wagoneer with three teenagers showed up and asked me what that was. I asked them what they thought it was.They didn't say except they thought they had seen a chandelier drop down out of the sky.
I would have thought they would have been much more curious or inquisitive except they weren't and I was rather put out with their lack of excitement. I said I thought it was a UFO. I got back in my truck and drove over to the beachouse and went inside it was about 9Pm time for Seinfeld which I always watched, except for this night I didn't. When we got in the house my Uncle said he thought he should have a drink and he watched TV. I don't drink and wasn't interested in watching TV. I went out on the beach dune decks and watched eagerly waiting for our visitor to return. They didn't that night. I went o bed about midnight.
The next morning I awoke early and thought wouldn't it be exciting if I went up on the dune decks and looked out and saw something in the ocean even if only debris. I saw nothing in the water or on the beach. No sign of anything, I looked for quite a while. As I got finished looking I heard a faint noise. It happens to be my favorite sound and I'm sensitive to it. The flutter of rotor blades of a helicopter far far away. I couldn't see it, but I could hear it and it was approaching and it was big.
Now I lived in this house for almost 4 years on the ocean, seeing planes and helicopters fly along the beach. Even had a police helicopter land right in front of the house on the beach, while searching for some windsurfers who had strayed out to far and couldn't get back. We called for them.
As a single engine pilot I know some of the requirements of altitudes around houses for aircraft. Well this day I saw something I had never seen in my life. Way down the beach as far as I could see was a big helicopter flying over the beach sand about 50 to 75 feet high at the most. As this big dark helicopter approached, looking about the size of a coast guard rescue chopper, a Sikorsky I think, except it was military grey with no markings. Except it was so low and obviously searching for something, as I thought they were going to fly right by me standing on top of the dune, I raised my hand to wave to them, I could see their two faces and even the dark shields raised on their helmets, as they reached me in front of the beachouse they abruptly banked left out over the water, I thought they had seen something I had missed out in the water. They turned ninety degrees left and headed out over the water. They proceeded straight out over the horizon and I never saw them again after that.
Except about a year later I had a revisit of the lights after I had moved out of the beachouse. 
Enough for now.
Sorry for the length
David Adao
I have sinced moved and live in upstate SW of Albany in a small town of Ghent.
As jack Horkheimer use to say
Keep looking up
518-392-0088
