{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518672","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38355","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3260,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/672/mufon-5518672.json","updb_database_id":5518672}
Multiple ufos grouped together zooming across skyline then ubruptly separating!

It was on 4/28/2011, me and 3 of my friends were hanging out in my back yard, which faces west-bound toward the coast of California. We were sitting at my square table, I was facing west bound, 1 friend east bound and 2 northbound! We had been in a conversation when I noticed what appeared to be an airplane floating through the sky in the corner of my eye, had a green light on it, possibly a red and white light on it, but didn't really notice because it seemed like just another plane on a dark night! It was definitely multiple lights grouped together though! A few minutes later I notice a plane like structure in the sky again, possibly the same one before but noticed this because it didn't move like a plane! This object or objects were approximately across from me in the horizon of the ocean at say a 50-70 degree angle, moving rapidly east bound in my direction! By the time they were out of sight, I was looking up and could no longer see them because my house was behind me and I couldnt see where they went! These objects had shot from one end of the sky to the other in a matter of 1 to 2 seconds, they were moving fast! It is hard to tell an objects location at night, but it is to my knowledge that these objects were extremely high up, in the upper most parts of the atmosphere! One thing that leads me to believe they were at a high altitude was the fact that they made no noise! It was only me and the friend of mine sitting across from me who saw the objects, but my friend didn't realize the significance of the sight because he only saw them for a few milliseconds as he looked up and the objects shot over my house! What had made my friend look was, as soon as I saw the object at one end of the sky to the west, I said "What" and he looked up as my head had been turning to an upward position! The objects started as looking like one object of multiple light balls (like the multiple lights on a plane,only not blinking), one light being green which is the most memorable color to me, and another ball red and another being white! The few moments before the objects flew over my house, the objects split into 3 or 4 individual ball clusters abruptly and shot into their own directions! This is the main reason I knew it wasnt made by the standards of the aircraft as we know it! It was those few moments that the appearing as one object split into 3 or 4 objects at extremely high altitude moving at extremely high speeds that I knew what I saw! A UFO! A little more information, by the time the light balls had separated, they had changed into a white light!
