{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-04-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528672","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26893","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4142,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/672/mufon-5528672.json","updb_database_id":5528672}
Spotted hovering oval shaped sphere with bright blue/green lights high in dark sky above the water. Object moved sideways quickly then zoomed out of sight faster than the speed of light.

It was the year 1976 and I had driven across the USA from Washington DC with 3 other friends to Los Angeles, California. Shortly after we had arrived in late March of 1976, we drove down to the beach city of Venice by the ocean just south of Santa Monica to drop one friend off for a radio interview at a local radio station somewhere between 7:30 and 8PM. As I parked to let my friend out,..my car was facing North toward the Santa Monica Pier with all it's colorful rides and the Pacific Ocean was directly on my left, the driver's side.

As my friend got out of the car, I happened to look out my window to the left (the window was rolled down) and commented to the others how clear the California sky looked with all the stars glistening when suddenly, among those stars, there appeared to be quite a large, moving object which immediately gave clear indications by the nature of it's movement that this was not just an ordinary flying object, but one with "extreme" maneuvering abilities to move either quickly right to left and then back and forth very quickly in a controlled and "darting" fashion. It had several bright and glistening Blue-Green lights and was shaped like an oval, sphere-like object. Because the Western sky was so clear that night, this object was easy to view, although it was very high in the sky approximately at a 60 to 75 degree angle up from the ground where I was in my car and out over the Pacific Ocean just off the Venice California coastline.

I recall immediately shouting to the others to please witness what I was seeing and two of the others acknowledged what I was seeing. We watched as it did it's unearthlike maneuvers in the sky (all done in a relatively short and very local space in the sky) for just a few moments more. It all took place in less than 3 minutes and then,...suddenly, just after it stood still hovering in one place, it tore off faster than anything imaginable darting like a comet's tail to the south of where we were and disappearing clean out of sight. Just imagine an object travelling from right to left in the sky in less than a fraction of a second. Nothing known to mankind moves that fast. 

In contrast to this vessel were two other planes in the sky....one a jet and the other a small local plane. The speed that this object travelled was so fast in contrast to the jet in the sky that it made the jet appear to move like a sloth.

All of us were amazed to have witnessed this unusual event and, I might add,...none of us were drinking, stoned or in any way other than totally straight. We are all College grads and at the time 28 years of age having just arrived in California. To this day, (I'm 62 yrs old now) I remember the event like it was yesterday because it was witnessed in a short time, in incredibly clear skies and I was of a totally clear mind. It was a clean and bright vessel and it travelled at enormously fast speeds and could stop on a dime and simply hover back and forth.

All I knew was that we/I had just witnessed something never before seen by my human eyes and that nothing could have ever moved that fast from a standing position. Hey ...this was not just another day on the planet earth. I've seen nothing even close to this amazing incident/sighting since then....but I will always have this to compare things to in the event it ever happens again.
