{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-02-14 10:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289672","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113682","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2751,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/672/mufon-5289672.json","updb_database_id":5289672}
One Orb sighting that turned into many orbs that followed and kept showing their presence as I drove to my moms house.

I was leaving my apartment around 10am and I looked up into the sky because it was such a nice day. Then I noticed one round clear orb up in the blue sky against the clouds, it was somewhat far up in the sky. It was flying in a straight line and occasional had an emission trail that was short. I suspected it was an orb because I've seen other peoples videos so I said Hello and thanked it in my mind. As I watched it turned orange and then lit up like a star then went back to being orange/clear then repeated this several times. I notice a plane flying towards the orb, then orb disappeared in a blink of an eye. I was very excited that I saw a very unique sighting. Got in my car and started driving to Duarte, Ca which is about a 45 min drive from the 110fwy / 91fwy to the 605 fwy. During my drive a few more orbs started appearing randomly in my field of view in the sky for a few seconds then disappear. They were flying up in front of my car and along side and were a lot closer but still relatively small in size. I couldn't believe that I was seeing more of them. Once I got on the 605fwy north bound I saw two spectacular red orbs that morphed into irregular shapes and looked more like plasma. The first came very close (approx 10 feet or less) up above in front of my car windshield, it started as an orb then morphed into a more worm like shape, at the last few seconds the front part of it illuminated like a bright star before it passed over my rooftop.  The second one descended and became a big amoeba shape, the center had a long thin bright white illumination. This one descended downwards on the opposite side of the freeway and moved towards me. I'm not sure how low it came but it seemed like it came low enough to be very close to the cars moving the opposite direction.  I felt like both of these orbs were clearly showing me their presence by getting real close.  The whole experience was amazing. I'm pretty sure there were more orbs but I didn't want to get in an accident so I decided to focus on driving.
