{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-07 18:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527672","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27948","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4684,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/672/mufon-5527672.json","updb_database_id":5527672}
Large elongated triagle and 6 cigar shaped

I was headed home to Enola, PA on Interstate 81 South from the Paxtonia area. It was early evening, but the sun wasn't down yet. As I approached the 81/83 split I noticed an odd triangular cloud high in the sky above and slightly to the left of me. I kept glancing up at it, because of it's regular shape and clean lines. I kept thinking, what a funny looking cloud it was. When I finally got a chance to stare at it for a few seconds I could see that it wasn't a cloud. It was an elongated triangle, sharply pointed at one end with three points at the other end. It was pointed straight up and moving that direction at what seemed to be a moderate pace. It appeared to be white in color except for an area just below the center where it was glowing yellow-orange. I could see what appeared to be condensation streaming down it's length starting about 1/4 of the way down from the pointed end. The condensation obscured any details of it's surface until it reached the glowing section. The condensation ended there, which I took to indicate that the glowing area was very hot. There was no con-trail left behind and no sound. No lights were visible. When I passed under the 83 overpass I lost sight of it for a few seconds. When I looked back up on the other side it was gone. Nothing was left behind. I looked around and noticed passenger jets and other aircraft in the sky. It was at that moment that the UFO's size and speed became apparent. Even though it hadn't appeared to be overly large it dwarfed everything else in the sky. I would have to say that it was many times the size of a 747 and was moving several times faster than the commercial airliners I could see. My thought at the time was that the UFO must have used some type of FTL drive to have vanished so quickly. If it had used some type of cloak or optical camouflage, why let us see it at all. Initially, I wondered if it might be some new toy the military was playing with, but it's size was just too big. I can't imagine that we have ever built anything that large. Then there was it's disappearing act. Optical cammo, maybe, but why display it to the public right over the city. Not likely.

I continued driving South on 81 toward Enola and looking in the sky for anything else that might be unusual. When I was about half-way to Enola I noticed six cigar-shaped or cylindrical UFO's flying in a circular formation headed North-west. They were silver-gray in color and fairly low in the sky. They appeared to be much smaller than the other UFO, but were still larger than anything else I could see in the sky. Some were oriented horizontally and some were rotated about 45 degrees from horizontal and they all appeared to be flying sideways, with their entire length pushing through the air. They left no con-trail and there was no sound that I could hear. No lights were visible. They were headed in the general direction of the Allegheny National Forest. I lost site of them as I approached the Enola exit. They were headed away from where the larger UFO had been and judging by the size difference, my thought at the time was that the larger UFO brought these cigar-shaped UFO's here and dropped them off. The cigar-shaped UFO's could be landing craft. After searching on the Internet I found a picture that matches the cigar-shaped UFO's that was taken in Colorado close to the same date. My impression at the time was that whatever these were they were not built by us. If we had built them, they wouldn't fly that way.

These were my first UFO sightings. I would like to note that if curiosity hadn't made me take another look at that funny-looking cloud I wouldn't have noticed the first UFO and would have completely missed the 6 smaller ones. I was surprised that they made no effort that I could see to hide from us. It was like they didn't care if we saw them or not. It was not what I was expecting. I have included a rough drawing of the first UFO.
