{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-29 07:31:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487672","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71985","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2366,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/672/mufon-5487672.json","updb_database_id":5487672}
{jpg} It was beside me in the distance then it was over my car and just vanished after about a minute or so. VERY SCARY

Hello, on my way to work this morning I experienced something very unusual. I drive the same route every day to work. This morning, however, was very different. I was driving, the roads and the sky clear as ever, and all of a sudden I hit this extremely thick patch of fog, it was so thick I couldn't see a foot ahead of me! Then something red caught my eye. At first I though it was a cell phone tower. But It was "flying" beside me in the distance. And when I looked at it, it shot up in the sky directly over my car. I was in absolute shock! So here I am, in the middle of the road, stopped in traffic. But honestly, I didn't hear any horns beeping, see any lights flashing at me, NOTHING! Once again, I'm frozen! I look (stare) at this thing in the sky over me! It had red lights on it. But instead of just sitting still over me it was flashing it's lights in patterns, first, 2 lights on the sides flashed, then 2 lights in the middle flashed, then it just started making patterns with its lights, and started making weird flying patterns in the sky. I tried to take pictures and video, but my phone wouldn't focus, and every time I put my phone on video it would some how switch right back to picture mode! And just as quick as it came, it shot up in the sky and I swear to you, I look back at the road and it was just as clear as ever, like nothing ever happened. Like it was never foggy! After it happened, I felt sick! And I still feel that way. And it's been hours since this happened. I am in complete and utter shock. Still! I've always joked, saying "oh I'd love to see a ufo" but after this, I don't ever want to see anything like this again!
