{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-05-10 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529672","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25843","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3029,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/672/mufon-5529672.json","updb_database_id":5529672}
loud non-moving whooshing sound over my house.

I am reporter for radio station *(Possible identifying info deleted--CMS/sg) in Albuquerque. This incident took place about 72 hours after having a discussion in the news room about a sighting one of my co-workers mentioned happened near his house out in the Bernalillo area. We joked about it. I remember going to the MUFON website to see if there were any reports on it as we talked. There weren't. My boss and I teased him gently, and he joined in the fun. He wasn't upset by us. He was curious about it that's all. We all talked about the story of the century and such, asked if anyone landed and got out, had he been drinking, you know, the normal B.S.ing guys do, and then we all got back to work. About two or three nights later, 
I was asleep in bed when I was awakened by an extremely loud, sustained whooshing sound over my house. It was not moving like perhaps a low flying jet from Kirtland Air Force Base with the after-burners engaged. It was not whomping and buzzing, like the blades of a circling helicopter, nor was it the sound of a helicopter hovering in stealth mode where the sound is suppressed. This was a sound loud enough to wake the dead! It was like the Space Shuttle was taking off right outside my window. In fact, I was surprised my wife and daughter weren't disturbed by it, even though they're very sound sleepers. As I look back on it now, I am surprised the dog wasn't awake and barking. It was so loud and steady, I was afraid to look out the windows or go outside to see what it was. I lay in bed too terrified to move. The sound continued for what must have been 10-30 minutes or more, and then suddenly decreased in volume and was gone. My first thought after it was over was that a factory nearby was releasing some kind of gas pressure, because it slowly settled to a slight hissing sound and was gone. Looking back I remember there was no light outside, like the searchlight from a police copter. Being a radio news reporter, I am familiar with those sights and sounds. This was something I've never heard before, or since. I talked with **(Name deleted--CMS/sg) by telephone today,(10-12-2010), because it keeps nagging at me,"What the hell was THAT!?" He urged me to make a report, so here it is. If it WAS a factory, why haven't I heard it before, and why have I not heard it again? I wish I had been more courageous and gone outside to look.
