{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-18 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504672","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54214","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3702,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/672/mufon-5504672.json","updb_database_id":5504672}
{rjl} I saw 6 red glowing spheres that came from the north west area of Woodside and Atherton.

I was coming back from Chevron on Woodside road heading Southbound on El Camino when I noticed two red glowing objects hovering over the corner of El Camino Real and Valparaiso Avenue. I immediately made a left hand turn on Glenwood Ave and parked my car. At first I thought they were low flying helicopters. I got out of the car and started filming the orbs. The first of the videos were two glowing red, with a tinge of pink, with the center having a very orange glow. When looking at these, the red was so intense that it appeared to look laser-like in the sky. Almost as if the light was beaming. When I reviewed the film, the red glow and beaming red light was difficult to see, but they looked rather white and orange on video. The two orbs did not cross over El Camino Real where I was, but stayed on the West side then crossed over El Camino near Santa Cruz Avenue and continued Southbound till the lights slowly faded into nothing. Then another orb came out and did the same exact thing. This happened maybe four or five times, and every time it was one orb at a time. One of the videos shows an orb tracking a plane which was above the orb, and then the plane continue on its path and so did the orb. The last time I saw something with this glow was back in 1997 in San Jose, CA, which came out of the Monterey area. The weekend before this, I took a trip to Monterey, CA and reminisced that sighting I had in San Jose, CA. The following day I returned from my trip, I had this recent sighting. My feelings after I had this recent sighting were amazement, excitement, and joy. Prior to this recent UFO sighting, I had been experiencing extreme intuition and clairvoyance. However, during the time of intuition and clairvoyance, I was also feeling a lot of frustration and introspective thoughts regarding relationships and loved ones. I understand this all sounds strange, but before every UFO experience there always seems to be emotional conflict on some level within myself and loved ones. Explaining the sightings with others seems to clear up all conflict and harmonize all negative emotions.
