{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285672","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117729","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7561,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/672/mufon-5285672.json","updb_database_id":5285672}
I went for a joy ride in the middle of the night, and but sheer chance I happened to come across a UFO/Orb like sighting.

After being cooped up in the house all this time during the pandemic. I finally experienced enough cabin fever & restlessness to finally leave the house for a late night drive (something I tend to do occasionally as a random habit I picked up from being a Rideshare Driver for 6 years prior to the Pandemic - Driving is just something I find relaxing; it helps me clear my thoughts). Anyways, so I built me up a playlist to play in the car and just before I left the house & I decided that I would drive through DTLA and then take the one fwy North and just see where my curiosity would take me. 

I left my apartment just a little after 8pm. I left the city of LA shortly after about 9pm. And I sort of took an around about route to head towards the 1 fwy just b/c I like to see the city lights at night. Anyways, by the time I finally was on the 1 fwy north leaving from Palisades/Malibu it had to be about 10 pm or so. Mind you, I literally had no idea where I was heading until I got to Oxnard.

Shortly after entering Oxnard, I suddenly had an epiphany! Not too long ago I had just watch that disturbing HBO Special "Leaving Neverland". And well, since I had already randomly drove out this far from home, I figured; "Well, why not head out that way!?" So from that moment on I had developed a destination to head towards. So I kept going.

Eventually, I had arrived at the front gates of the Neverland Ranch, the cell reception had diminished greatly in the area that I was at. And although, the park was closed. I had chosen to pull out the drive way of the park entrance and head a little pass the ranch on this so called bike lane/service road. I don't know why I kept going beyond the ranch, but hey, I guess I'm just that curious type I suppose. 

But after a couple hundred feet down that road, I had finally figured I was over it and was ready to turn back around. So when I implemented a 3 point U turn so that I could start heading back down south to go back home. I had noticed out the corner of my eye from the driver side window, I could see an amazingly bright like star!! Like I legit thought this light was just a really bright star!! B/c in this area where Neverland Ranch is at, it's very "Desolate" and more or less "Out There" type of terrain. So there is ZERO light pollution. You can see the stars above you for miles. And this particular night was very clear. There were no clouds, AT ALL!! (I even happened to witness a couple of shooting stars/streaks while I was absorbing this UFO/Orb like experience)

Anyhow, I started starring at the star a little longer than usual b/c its brightness was just so brilliant in comparison to the star around it. That I just started wondering, "is that a... NO!" and the longer I starred at it, I begin to notice that unlike the stars around it. It was the only one in the sky that was stationary. It was rocking back and forth and up & down. But staying more or less in the same spot. I then took out my phone and began to take pictures of it and then I eventually took two separate video clips of it. 

But overall, the confidence that I have that confirms to me that it was a UFO/Orb is within the following:
- 1st off, I originally thought it was perhaps the North Star. Which I very easily debunked by taping into the compass app in my iPhone & I attempted to see where true north was actually at. Turned out, the north direction was directly behind me. This Light/Orb was positioned directly in front of me in a South East direction.
- Next, my phone's camera couldn't registered the naturally dim light projected from the surrounding stars in the sky very well, but this particular light was registering very clearly by the camera on my phone.
- Also, after watching Steven Greer's Documentary "Close Encountered of The Fifth Kind" I remembered that he had stated something along the lines of; that if you wish to participate in interacting with ET's that you have to put aside your fears and open yourself up with a sense of love & understanding. So I had found myself to be within a calm relaxed state. And I began to think to myself in the hopes that perhaps my thoughts/intentions would be registered on a telepathic level from them to me (not the other way around - I AM COMPLETELY AWARE THAT I AM NOT TELEPATHIC). Anyways, I starting think to myself, "I am not afraid of you, if you wish interact with me feel free to come down - I do not wish to harm you - And I trust that you will not harm me" I more or less repeated this in my head for nearly an hour or so during this whole ordeal. And before I knew it, the light slowly but surely began to drop altitude. Not by much! but just enough for me to notice that I could tell it was descending b/c the light was getting brighter. 

Unfortunately tho, It was getting late and I did not want to go to sleep in the middle of nowhere. I surprisingly wasn't afraid of the UFO, but rather the potential wild life in the area instead, as crazy as that sounds. 

So I began to head out at around 1:30am and as I was leaving, suddenly that light began to pull away. So the Brightness started to diminish. And then the clouds/fog started to roll in and the UFO started to disappear behind the clouds. slowly but surely. 
Which leads me in my final proof of confirmation of what I saw:
- By the time I got back on the 101 fwy South, I was facing pretty much in the same direction in which I was just previously facing while witnessing this UFO/Orb sighting, and I could not for the life of me find that same exact bright light orb in the same place in the sky that I just witness and that I happened to capture photo video evidence of back near the ranch. It was just gone completely!!

So ya, that's pretty much my experience. It was an interesting one to say the least. But definitely a cool experience to stumble upon.
