{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-02-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488099","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71552","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3686,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/099/mufon-5488099.json","updb_database_id":5488099}
paralyzed by fear

Sleeping in my bed after my shift in Kalgoorlie, in this mining town around 3am.
To the right of my bed, a window with security bars on it. Next I wake up to most bright white light you've ever seen. I know this is gonna sound crazy, but 3, 7 feet tall things walked straight through the bars on the window and everything like they were walking through an open door.I could not move at all, as I felt like I was having a heart attack,one of them grabbed me by the ankles and started to turn me over while I was floating above my bed.all I could get out was " just please don't hurt me" then I just passed out. Next morning I had s very sore neck, and just remembered thinking W.T.F was that.I cant explain it and its to stupid to repeat. 
Later that week after working & driving up and down this place for 18 years, I finished my shift at 12am and packed up to drive home again, its a 7 hour drive,& my boy was playing football that next morning.. on the way home that night, there were strange smokey like waves of greeny blue lights on the horizon nearly all the way home.I actually stopped in the middle of no where and got out the car to look at it...it was a beautiful sight, no idea what it was though.Got home ok, then the very next weekend, I was backing down my driveway after my other job in Perth around 2am, and in a second just my car was engulfed in a bright greeny light, you could hardy open your eyes. All I could see is that is was something above, and I could see was the leaves from the tree above too, was gently going from left to right on the bonnet of my car, like something hovering above. Cause Again I was scared as hell, i jumped out the car quickly and looked up, and before I could get the door open, it just shut off and there was nothing but clear sky & stars... have no idea what that was. A week after that I woke up to three beings in robes, one on each side and one at the end if my bed reading a weird language out of a book, and there was hieroglyphics on all my walls, and again you wont believe it, I could read it, and it was all about a marriage, totally confused and that scared, I could feel my heart jumping out of my chest. My fear then turned to anger, I jumped up in bed and said and yelled out "W.T.F. is going on" and took a swing at the one on my right, they shot out my room into the lounge room & went out through the ceiling, I chased them to the lounge room then flicked on the light. Nothing but silence... I was shaking like you wouldn't believe... I went to my fridge, drank some milk, then went back to bed... and do you think I could remember what the message was, all I could remember is that it was about some marriage. I don't tell anyone cause its loony bin stuff, but my god that made me feel better getting it off my chest, i still have a pimple that cones up on the back of my neck 3 or 4 times a year, and there are freckled marks on my both legs where this thing grabbed me, to turn me over, and there's none anywhere else on my body... all i can still say is W.T.F... thank you for letting me get this off my chest
