{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-31 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486099","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73618","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2408,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/099/mufon-5486099.json","updb_database_id":5486099}
4 witnesses observed 6 glowing orbs traveling in a straight line.

At 9:40pm on December 31, 2015 four of us were sitting at the dinner table
playing a board game. My husband was looking out the window and he said
"what is that?" He pointed out what he was looking at and said two of
these identical objects had flown over already. The lights were on inside
the house and he was sitting closest to the window so the objects were
visible beyond the reflections in the glass at night.
We headed out the patio door to get a better look and in the distance we
saw more of these objects. As they came into view each looked identical.
There were a total of four objects that were observed outside with a
fairly large space in between, all objects were flying in single file.
During this time I grabbed my cell phone off the table we were sitting at
and started recording. The objects made no sound as approaching or
departing our field of view. Each object emitted a white flickering light.
As the last of the objects was coming into view we all ran inside through
to the front of the house to see what they were doing on the other side;
all the while recording. The objects appeared to fan out in the distance
and disappear from view. We approximate that the altitude of the objects
is around 500 feet up and they may have been automobile sized objects but
was hard to discern as only light from the object was observed.
There were no vehicle traffic sounds drowning out any sound that may have
been coming from the objects. There was a dog barking in the distance and
when at the front of the house there is the sound of an inflatable
Christmas display on the porch.
