{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507099","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51622","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2370,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/099/mufon-5507099.json","updb_database_id":5507099}
{nd} last 3 nights, object hovering below cloud floor, movess slowly, hoverws, eradic turns fast

IThis was scary. I saw this brightly lite object in the sky., just east of my house in Brentwood . It may have been over barrington park if I would have to place it somewhere. It was cloudy that evening and the object was under the clouds, which I then couldnt believe what I was lookin.g at. It couldnt be a star (it sat all by itself under the cloud floor), wasnt the space "station" as when it moved, it went up then turned around and went down. The object accomplished this move in record speed. It stayed in a hovering position for atleast an hour before slowly moving south east. It scared the b-jesus out of me as it appeared to be looking then moving either up or down then stopping for some time, then moving slightly and slowly to another position stopping again, etc. Then finally it left the area slowly. asending until out of view behind trees. It was one object then apeared to divide in two. Very bright, mainly white lights w!maybe little blue lights. The object appeared to divide (from the top) into a smaller object(round) then rejoined after a short period of time (like under 5 minutes). This has occured for the past 3 nights, maybe more times, its just when I became aware of it. it is passive, and glides through the air until it makes a fast turn while desending or asending. I don't know what it was and am a bit stressed over it (why I don't. l know), perhaps its the not knowing if it sees me looking at it. I hope and pray it doesnt see me and come down to visit (I would have a heart attack and die). I just read another story of a man in brentwood whom saw a similar object. I wonder how I could contact him, as I would want to share our stories.
