{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524099","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31796","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3683,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/099/mufon-5524099.json","updb_database_id":5524099}
After a Man at My McDonalds Job mentioned seeing Objects in the sky at work I pulled out a paper & said did they look like this! I wanted to share my experience & thoughts of these Objects. They formed a Wheel then a Cross

On 9-12-2011, I saw 4 Changing Objects in the sky that changed shape multiple times; then Descended to the Earth being the focal point of where a lot of Light or lighting followed 15-30 minutes latter. To start this I would like to say that I know aliens exist. My manager wasn't sure to mention it at work, but then I surprised him with little images I drew with a marker to tell him what I saw fire off into the distance at crown Hill after 8Pm when I was out for a walk. He & others might think their alien but I don't believe this.

I'll explain

At Crown hill maybe a block from The Tower of Memories that Giant cremation tower near the public lake theirs a Cemetery. I saw 4 moving Objects. First hey were lighting up then dimming down. They disappeared then reappeared one after another so I think their was no more then 5. Then these Object's came to form like a +, no not a Plus I mean they were moving in a circle as if on Wheel. They formed Tails when they moved together, then they came to form a cross. 

They moved & became like discs but like baby galaxies
it didn't seem like technology but something in nature. Not like the wind but very supernatural. (not Devin)

These galaxies reminded me of the Falun Wheel, in Falun Dafa's teachings of the Buddha school. I think their a warning for human kind or for those who witnessed them not to miss the Truth that people don1t see with distractions in our world these days.

I know their are aliens but I don't care. I Cultivate Buddha hood so theirs an issue of nobility. This takes great importance to me So I wanted to share.

Anyways My name is Jerrod I witnessed this & wanted to share
It was north of Wheat ridge as if 50 or a 100 miles away yet they were still visible as they descended fading from their flam likeness before seeming to hit the groined. then Light was flashing maybe like silent lightning. I saw a black helicopter flying that way 15 minutes latter..

If people are covering up these things I find it ridicules!
Human beings are very special & we have nothing to gain by working with the grays. Human beings can Cultivate Buddha hood & return to the Heavens yet those beings belong just down here! This is my thought of the 4 changing objects that left tails when moving as ball's & formed into a cross then turned into discs like the ones shown in Falun Buddha Law.

These thoughts are my own. Falun Dafa healed my spine from scoliosis many years ago so I can walk full time. It Teaches Truth-Compassion-Tolerance

Thank you for Reading

(name moved to FI Box) CMS 09/14/11 07:41 cst flg

Oh yes. I know of those who care deeply for God or have mead a habit of the formalities of realigion. I think Maybe this phonamena is for you to
look wihin to e saved.

I Cultivate Buddha Hood, so this is just my thought

PS, maybe pictures or videos will turn up
