{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-28 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463099","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97857","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2338,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/099/mufon-5463099.json","updb_database_id":5463099}
i saw this flying object when i drove nearby the airport. it seemed like a drone as big as a plane, but they wouldnt be allowed to fly over the airport and try to land etc.

I was in the car with my father and wife. We passed the airport when an unidentified flying object caught my attention. At first it drew my attention when it tried to land on the airport track, but before it touched the ground it got back up very fast. then it stayed still in the sky and repeated it. by the way it moved i could tell it was not a regular plane. I thought it must be some special army equipment, but figured they wouldnt be playing on the biggest national airport. Because we were driving i lost the object out of my side for a short moment, but very soon i saw it again, hanging in the sky and not moving at all. Almost like some kind of drone, but way too big to be a drone. I got very excited when i saw this object because i was 100 percent sure that i could not identify this object even though i had a pretty good look at it. I was a bit surprised that my wife stayed so calm about it, but that might be because she is russian. My father was driving and had to keep his eye on the road, so he did not have time to look at it pretty good. 
The object stayed still for a time and we were in the car, so that is how i lost sight of it. I was checking the internet and the news if i would find any information about this, but to my surprise it seems like nobody has noticed me.
It took me a while to realize i should start filming this, because i usually never use my camera and i was pretty much shocked of what i saw. very unfortunate that i couldnt film it from the start.
