{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-06-01 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494099","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65389","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4015,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/099/mufon-5494099.json","updb_database_id":5494099}
{cak} LARGE bright light (100 times larger than pd helicopter) hovered for 11/2 to 2 hrs. Slowley moved away to NW. Later saw fighter jets flying towards ufo

I was getting into my car to go eat at a restaurant where my sister in law worked. Sun had just set (8-8:30) and observed the object for 10-15 mins. It was very bright and I had never seen anything that large and bright. First thought it was a B-52 from nearby March AFB but it wasn't moving. This was odd so I stood there trying to figure out what it was. Left to go eat and tried as often as possible to watch it. When I arrived at the restaurant (10 mins.) 

I had to practically drag my sister in law outside to see it. She was impressed but had to get back to work. I ate quickly and drove back home and had been about an hour from first observing it. Still was in the same location and as close as I could tell, the exact location. I stood there watching and saw what looked like small aircraft flying around it 4-6 I would say and thy all flew off at about the same time slowly like a small airplane or helicopter. I decided to go next door to get witnesses as no one was at my home and two brothers whom I had never met, said come outside and check this out. They did and we walked across the street and observed it passing around a binocular silently. The object started moving away slowly and continued until out of sight maybe 20 mins. 

Finally one brother said to the other "what did you see?". The other brother found a stick and drew what looked like 2 pie pans connected. His brother said "that's what I saw" and I chimmed in "me too".While looking through the binoculars the object appeared to be moving up and down fast, not far just enough to look out of focus is the best I can describe it. Well... we stood there for some time saying what was that? All the time it was moving away and was about the size of a star, I heard a jet which actually was two fighter jets flying higher and faster than I had ever seen and commented "I can't believe there was no sonic boom" don't know if it was they were so high? I could clearly see 2 jets flying directly towards the object and said I don't think they are going to catch that thing. We all laughed and went home. That was 44 years ago and have told many people this story and have been interested in the topic ever since. 

Two days ago saw for the first time Gordon Cooper's testimony and then Ed Mitchell's and led to discover the Sirius Disclosure Project. I find it interesting that being an follower of news and programs concerning UFO's that I had to stumble across this info when it has existed for decades! I will do my part to try to spread the word for people to watch some of these testimonies. This info should be cataloged on Youtube to make it easier for people that don't think they have 35 hours to watch it all. I am retired now and may be interested in helping in some way. The truth must come out!!! Not sure what would happen afterwards when the whole world learns that not only ours but other gov'ts have been keeping what could be the salvation of this planet to weaponize it???? That is another subject. Please let me know if there were others that reported the same one I saw. It was a clear late spring or summer day and other people must have been out and seen the same thing. I did wait 44 years to report it maybe others did the same. [Name removed/cms/tg]
