{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-03-02 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528099","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27494","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6153,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/099/mufon-5528099.json","updb_database_id":5528099}
Unidentifiable Animal and strange car with Ufo's present

This is an addition to an earlier report that I posted in regards to what I witnessed back on March 2, 2007 on highway 90 near Boutte, La. Please search the data base here under the date March 2, 2007 for more information about this case. (Louisiana) 

Tonight I watched the movie Phoenix lights and I discoverd something that 
shocked me. I noticed that the large ufo's that were witnessed there by 
thousands of people have the same shape as the ufo(s) in the sky above the animal I captured the picture of in 2007. It is a large V shape and it looks exactly like what they describe and show in the movie. It gives me the chills when I think about it! This makes me believe that what I thought was 3 ufo's in the sky over the animal could be one large ufo like the ones over phoenix years ago. That means these particular aliens could be the same ones that flew over Phoenix and areas of Arizona years ago. 

I have studied the image of the car and animal many hours going back to 2007. I will add some more information that I have noticed by studying the images and include it in this post. 

The huge animal on the road that appears to be made up of numerous types of animals is bloated. Bloating usually occurs many days AFTER an animal is dead. Highway 90 where I captured this image is a major road with traffic so there is no way possible that this animal could have sat there for days! It had to have been dropped or set there by these ufo(s). Note the animal, glass, large pool of blood from animal, car, etc had all vanished when I went back to this area about 8 hours later! There is NO way that the blood from the animal could have been cleaned up to show no stains on the highway 8 hours after the accident. 

Also note that several faces appear on the animals body. When I witnessed this event it felt like time stood still and there was a quiet like I have never experienced before! There is also a circluar pattern near the animal that looks like something like a ufo might have landed on the highway. It also looks like part of the animal might have been sugically opened on parts of it's body by someone or something. 

The other image I captured that night is of a mustang car. It appears to be the vehicle that struck the animal. But like many people say the damage to it would be much greater if it actually struck this animal. There were two men on the scene that night but the police have no record of this occurring. I spoke with all police departments in that area including state police. I actually spoke with an officer that was patrolling the exact highway and time of occurence and he saw nothing. I believe they are all telling the truth. Was the image of the police officer, the other well dressed man, and the car created to make it look like a car accident? Could this be because the animal was accidently dropped from the alien craft? I really do not know but I do have my own beliefs about the representation of this event. 

The car from that night has an image of what looks like an alien on the side drivers door. I have a zoomed in image saved of this. I have studied this image and it is obvious that the alien is holding something in it's hand. It is blurry and hard to tell what it is. To me it looks like someone with blue clothes on and a blue cone shaped hat on their head. This person seems to be hugging a little girl. Are they trying to send us a message with this image? But why? What does it mean? 

I am certain that this event was not from this earth! 100 percent certain!! This is why I want other's that are experts with photography, aliens, ufo's, etc to help me learn more about what occurred. I am just as curious about aliens, ufo's etc as many other people are! I know that what I captured is significant and unusual evidence that can help us to discover what we seek to know! 

I also know like most all of us know that the gov't is also very interested in learning more about aliens and ufo's. I believe they want to learn more about alien craft for air national defense advantages. I am all for national security I just wish they would give public disclosure and admit what they know. Lately gov't vehicles have been watching me when I travel to the area of my Vision from 2007. For those that don't know marked and un marked gov't vehicles are almost always either black or white in color with solid black tinted windows. I saw many of these vehicle here 2 weeks post katrina the largest disaster in U.S. history. 


I am including a NEW video I posted on youtube in this post here. This video is of the PICTURE I captured of the animal form that night. It is lite up better so you can see more detail. I will also include the zoomed in image that looks like the alien is holding something in the air. This image appears on the drivers side door of the strange car. I will also include my facebook and youtube url for those that want to know more about my beliefs and info in regards to this event. I hope that together we can help to both prove that aliens exist and also learn from them and solve the mysteries we seek answers to! 

[links moved to additional evidence section/cms/tg]
