{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-07-26 19:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292099","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111227","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7181,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/099/mufon-5292099.json","updb_database_id":5292099}
Witness did above treeline Moving forward slowly With a consistent humming sound.

Well my story starts Somewhere in the late 80's, early 90's. I was working at a summer all boys sleepaway camp in Fishkill New York. I had a small history there starting as a camper at a nearby children's boys camp, Then Moving on to A teenage boys camp alongside this very camp. There i was a camper, then graduated to a CIT councelor in training program. Becoming a counselor the very next summer at the young age of 17 going on 18. I believe I stood away a couple of years after that, but the love of being in the camping environment with the children brought me back. I got in contact with the camp's director Mr. Williams & asked him to return as staff & he welcomed me back with open arms. This occurred dometime in the early 90's and he offered me the position of CIT coordinator Of the counselor in training program and I accept it. Well my incident begins one summer evening A village leader friend of mine who came up to the camp rankings with me. We both had a mutual night off & So he and I agree to go into town that evening and maybe catch a movie. There were four camps within this immediate area. One was Camp pioneer, which was our teenage boys camp. Camp hayden marks, which was the younger boys camp. Camp Hidden Valley, which was the camp for special needs Children and Camp ABC, which was a female's Childrens camp. Everyone who is off from all four camps that particular evening would all meet up at a centralised Lounge area located within the middle of all the four camps which is where we all would meet to catch the next scheduled bus into town. There were different things to do within the lounge like ping pong tables, pool tables arcade games, a pay phone to call home, Vending machines, etc. So while we all are waiting for the next bus to ride into the town of Fishkill. It was already dark out and everyone anyone affiliated with the camp's and walking around camp grounds they knew they needed a flashlight. There were very little street lamps if any across all the camp's making it very,, very dark throughout all the campgrounds. It was so dark that you couldn't even see your hand in front of you if you did not have a flashlight or the moon was out & illuminating. There was one street lamp right in front of the lounge that we were in. The buses were on scheduled times so one of us within the lounge would take turns to peek outside to see whether or not the bus was on it's way. So I take a turn & I Go outside. I swear to you it was like a scene from closing counters of the 3rd kind. I go outside and I look down the road to see if i can see any headlights approaching the lounge & i hear a Medium sounding Pronounced hum. A hum in which you can feel a slight vibration on your skin. I look around then I look up and to my surprise I see A very slow moving triangular shaped What I would call a UFO, Unidentified Flying object hovering & moving slowly over the lounge. Right away i can't believe what I'm seeing. The craft was so low that i felt as though i can reach out and touch it. You can see the detail under the craft. It was a matted gray in color Craft with 3 Lights luminating from under neath it. One light on each corner of the triangle Like half ballooned what i would assume to be glass Lights of some sort protruding from each corner. The lights were a Matted Magenta in color and they weren't bright. Now, I have a million thoughts running through my mind at this time, But I knew there were at least 12 to 15 people inside the lounge that were also going into town, so I quickly think to run in and advise everyone of what I just finished witnessing outside and being that the craft was moving so slow I was hoping that when I came back out it would still be there. And as I said it, It happened. Everyone who came out with me was also amazed at what they were seeing. Of course everyone added their own two senses As to what they were witnessing. Some were Commenting that it must be some special craft That the United States had, Being that allegedly there was a military base close by. But being that I went to a High school for aviation and have a few hours logged in flying basic propped airplanes, I definitely knew that we the United States DIDN'T anything in terms of aircraft that were as sophisticated as what we were witnessing. A hovercraft and or a helicopter can possibly move as slow as this craft was moving, But !!! the biggest difference is that neither the hovercraft nor helicopter were or are able to fly silently as silent As this craft was. It was huge And Extremely silent. All you heard if anything was a hum. In that era there were no cell phones that you can take a pictures or videos with nor was anyone of us carrying a Handy camcorder. Sooooo the only way to document such an incident was what i organized. Having all come outside and visually encounter this so that we all can make a visual and mental note of it. I am a fan of UFOLOGY ann hardly told anyone of this situation due to the fact that of course if you make such comments people look at you all twisted eyed and look at youbas a kook. I wouldn't make such a thing up. I watch all the UFO shows that I find interesting such as Ancient aliens, Hangar 1, Unidentified & so on. I do believe that there is life outside of our planet I mean how can we be so arrogant to think that we, the Earth being such a small speck within such a hugely vast Area of space that we are the only ones as a Planet to sustain life. I never made out a report during that time cause I never knew how to go about making such report. Never knew who to come front with such a claim as well as most likely possibly being ridiculed and looked at as a crazy person. I never came forward with it. But I've seen in recent Hangar 1/ MUFON shows that it's never too late although to make out a report I am now 57 years of age, And this occured some Possibly 20 to 30 years ago. I just needed to let it be known. I know that if my incident has been investigated then and they plot the times, the immidiate area that it occurred, the time of day, then I am sure some people that were there or people within that Fishkill area may have possibly made out reports and I would be vindicated of my claim and what I KNOW i saw. That basically is my story and with a past career in law enforcement and presently a U.S. postal worker, I wouldn't lye of such a claim.
