{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-01-26 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462886","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98076","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2387,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/886/mufon-5462886.json","updb_database_id":5462886}
{jpg} Glowing, fast moving light, appeared out of nowhere then disappeared

I woke up around 2:30 a.m. and went to the kitchen to make coffee. I walked to our sliding patio door - we have an extraordinary view of the Bay Area from a high vantage point - and I flicked on the light on the patio for a moment to see if our cat was there and wanted in. I flicked the light off and looked out toward the horizon. There, appearing out of the black sky as if out of nothing, there was suddenly a bright light. It was solid, appeared to be flying significantly lower than the commercial jets we see all the time here, and it was moving really fast from north to south over the San Pablo Bay and moving toward the central Bay Area. We see commercial jets flying over day and night, and this moved many times faster, was a single bright white light, as opposed to the red, green and white lights you see on commercial jets, and appeared and disappeared within seconds.

This whole sighting last less than five seconds. I looked up, saw the light suddenly appear. I watched it just long enough to recognize that it was not blinking, like an airplane, was much brighter in the sky than anything else, and was moving really fast. I had time to say "What the hell" when suddenly the light seemed to enter a space where it just disappeared. That happened fast, yet there was a perceptible sense of the light disappearing as if it passed through a window in the night sky.

My first thought was that it may have entered clouds, but it was a starry night. I could clearly see the Milky Way, though none of the stars in the sky were anywhere near as bright or prominent as the light I briefly witnessed.

This was not a comet. It was not at high altitude, and was moving horizontally, not falling from space.
