{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-15 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286886","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116496","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8713,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/886/mufon-5286886.json","updb_database_id":5286886}
Large glowing orb hovering over property approx. 2 hours which released smaller orb that appeared to descend to the ground. All activity silent

On Feb 15th in 2015 my wife and I were in bed when, at around 10pm, my son (17yo at the time), called and said excitedly, "Dad! Look out the window and tell me what you see!". I got out of bed and looked out our west-facing window to immediately see a large glowing orb suspended in the clear night sky. It was so dramatic that I exclaimed out loud my excitement. My son was some 15 miles to the east and just south of Lake Superior at a friends home. He said that his friend's dad had witnessed it and was headed to a closer mountain with the video camera to try and film it. My son told me that he and his two friends were going to drive home to view it as it was much closer to our home west of Marquette. Our home sits in the woods and is quite remote. We are on a 200' "mountain" and our house has multiple stories with a three season room tower up at around a 4 story height. I ran up the stair to the tower and when I looked at the object from the vantage point it appeared very close and at a height, though still higher than our home, to be low enough that any occupants of the object would be able to easily look back into our window. My wife followed up the stair to the tower and saw the object. She turned her phone on and it lit up our darkened tower room. I panicked and told her that "they" would see us if she had the phone light on. It honestly seemed so close and intense that I honestly worried we would suddenly have unwanted response from the object if it noticed us. Both my wife, and later my step-son, witnessed the object. I continued watching it for about a half hour until my son and his two friends arrived. They ran up to the tower very excited. One boy had a cheap pair of plastic binoculars which offered very little improvement in the viewing. We watched the object for perhaps another half hour together as we all stood at the tower window. I went outside twice during the encounter and walked down our driveway to observe the orb from outside. I want to absolutely stress that the night was one of those cold February Michigan nights in the woods where the only sound is the crunching of snow underfoot. There was absolutely NO sound and NO sound emitted from the large orb of light suspended absolutely still over our woods. It was probably the size relative to the full moon as it appears when directly overhead, but brighter. The light was white in quality but it was a perfect glow without the appearance of shining light. It was more like the look of a glowing plastic store sign backlit with lights than the type of light you would see from a spotlight or headlights. The absolute unmoving object was so still that it might appear as fixed as though it were on top of a pole.
  After some time, my daughter drove up the hill to our home as she was off work. I heard her come in downstairs and ask where everyone was. We called her up to the tower and as she topped the stair she immediately saw the object and exclaimed with profanity and disbelief. We all continued to watch the object for any change but it remained unmoving.
  Finally, after maybe an hour and a half, one of the kids yelled out "its moving!". Sure enough we all noticed that it had begun to move off to the west in a very slow and steady pace. It took it perhaps 10 minutes to cross a valley and reach a ridge that runs north-south and about 2 miles distant. Here, the object stopped and hovered over the ridge. It did not appear to be very high above the ridge and I would imagine 500 or so feet. It hovered for some minutes when suddenly my son said as he looked through the binoculars "dad, look through these and see if you see what I am seeing!". I immediately took them from him and looked at the object. Here is where it became even more amazing to me. From the large white glowing object a small round orb had been released. This was of the same color and intensity of the parent orb. The path of the little orb was most unusual as it left the larger object and descended down and below the trees. The object took this perfect straight line path that left the main object in a 45 degree angle toward the ground. It moved steadily down at 45 degrees headed north, then turned on a dime back toward the south at the same angle until it reached the apparent ground under the trees and directly below the parent object. It was out of sight for only less than a minute before it returned following the same course as it was engulfed by the main object.
  Next, the large craft dropped straight down below the ridge backlighting the trees and disappeared. We all exclaimed "its gone!". However, suddenly the object shot straight back up into sight and at the same height and position it had formerly been. After hovering there briefly, it changed to a new direction of travel and went southward at a steady and relatively slow speed of, perhaps, 30-40 mph until it was gone.
  This past week (present date: June 2021) my son (now 23) returned home and we were talking about what we saw in 2015. I realized I had never asked him what went on at his friends house before he called me to tell me about the object. He then revealed some very interesting information that made the whole thing even more fantastic.
  He reports that they were hanging out at his friends house and that his friends dad had noticed the object. He had a video camera and my son looked through this enjoying a enhanced view of the object. I asked him if he saw any structure to it as all we had observed from my house was the glowing orb appearance. He said that he had and the best description he could come up with was that it had an appearance of movement not unlike a gyroscope with counter moving motions of "golden light" but with the sense of solid structure.
  The friends dad told my son that the object was probably closer to our home and that prompted the call to me. The friend's dad then had drove off to try and get a better view. My son says that he was very excited to see more, as also, was his other friend. However, the story takes an interesting twist here as the young man (approx 17 yo) who's home they were staying had a completely different level of response. My son tells me that this friend is the toughest kid he knew and normally would have been the type to challenge the others in getting closer to something like this. That he was very stoic and not at all the type of young man to show much emotion or to back down from anything. When my son looked at the friend he realized he was overtaken by terror and looked like he was crumbling emotionally and about to cry. He began to beg the other two to come inside the house. That they had to go in and go down to the basement and shut all the doors. My son inquired as to what he was upset about and the young man answered "they've been here before; they were in the yard".
  So that is our story and it was amazing and has given both my son and I an obsession with the subject of UFOs. We both found the experience life-changing and want to see more of what we saw that night. Others whom I've related the story to immediately dismiss it as "oh, it was a helicopter" or "military must have been testing something" or "it was a plane". But none of them saw what we saw suspended unnaturally and perfectly silent in the winter night sky.

I do not know if my friends dad ever got any good video of the object and I do not believe any of us ever got film from our phones. The teens may have filmed some but I do not recall and imagine it would have only appeared as a white sphere without the context of being under it that makes all the difference. If the video that my son looked through was still in existence , then that would be very interesting to see. I will have to ask my son if he can look into that and could add it to the report if possible. But, I do not think my son is still in-touch with his old high school friend OR that the man wants to talk of the experience at all.
