{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-25 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499886","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59238","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2552,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/886/mufon-5499886.json","updb_database_id":5499886}
{jd} second sighting 2 days in a row same time same area .

since I had seen something the night before I had woke early in the morning about 12:30 and just for the heck of it looked in the area where I had seen something the night before . Nothing observed at that time. at 2:15 I woke again to get ready for work. Went outside to look in that area again and saw nothing . Got ready for work headed out the door and there it was again. This was at 3:00 in the morning just sort of hovering around seemed like it danced around in the sky.It was just as the previous night. Attempted to go to work get my papers ready for delivery and get to the shoreline to see if it was still around . At the shoreline it clear of trees and can see the entire sky almost. Seems it was gone no trace of it. At this place on the shoreline is where I have first witnessed this craft . I do have a brief video of this craft. I was closer to this craft when I had first seen it and was able to video it . I am attempting to get more coverage of it since the video is very short. Want as many persons aware of this and have the evidence beyond the shadow of doubt. I have to say that in my 55 years on this planet did I ever expect to see anything like this . My Mother told me of a story when she and a friend witnessed a cigar shaped thing I shrugged it off thinking I never will see anything like what I have seen two days in a row . I think its starting to make me fear that something is going to happen in the near future . I have been watching T.v. programs that has something to do with this matter . Like the Roswell rock . This object has been found ten years ago and just hearing about it now( wow) are we slow or what. Some may say that these visits from E T may have something with the atom smasher experiments. science is gearing up for a more powered up test. Should we worry yes maybe no. What will we learn and what could happen as a result of these tests . I wonder !
