{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-02-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469802","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90711","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3617,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/802/mufon-5469802.json","updb_database_id":5469802}
{cak} This was witnessed by myself and two other people for an unknown amount of time. Extreme arial maneuvering!

My two friends(man and woman) and I went to the northern Oregon coast on a February afternoon to spend some time in nature for the evening. We arrived south of Cannon Beach at Oswald West State Park before sunset, approximately 4:30pm. Coincidentally, one of the friends that accompanied me had also accompanied me to explore a crop circle that had been formed just off the 185th Av exit/HWY 26, within a week or two prior to the UFO sighting. The sun set and we made a fire. It wasn't burning so well, as it was winter and it was driftwood. I was enjoying observing the bright stars as there weren't any clouds that day/night. I had laid down on a giant log and was very content. At some point, I was moved to stoke the fire and did so. It only took a minute, so when I returned to my perch, I was surprised to see a mist had rolled in and the stars were a bit blurred then. At that point, my intuition said, "mother nature is trying to hide something from you." So, I opened up my vision to the whole sky instead of focusing. Then, I picked up on some motion. So, then I did focus on a small area. It appeared that two stars were slightly moving around eachother, just barely arcing next to eachother. The thought came to alert my friends, and immediately as if there was telepathy between me and the "stars", they began bee lining straight across the sky northward toward the land mass that was boxing us in the cove we were at(basically forested land creating a natural jetty). I interpreted there movement as trying to hide out of sight, but, later realized they did it to be seen. One of my two friends, the man, did see them as they flew out of sight behind the hillside. Within a short amount of time, maybe up to a minute, both orbs of light flew back south, and descended into the cove. There, approximately 300-500 ft above the water they proceeded to perform an amazing show of incredible aerial maneuvers that couldn't have been any human flown aircraft that we were aware of at the time. Very abrupt and sharp turns and spirals and what not. The most peculiar part of the event was that we didn't converse AT ALL. We stood there just awestruck. Just staring. It went on for some time..eventually culminating in the two lights colliding, changing color two a green one and a violet one, each going separate ways, one east over our heads and one going south.And, there may have been missing time. As, I said we arrived at 4:30pm, sunset that time of year is around 6pm, not paying attention to time devices, when the show was over, without discussing what we just witnessed, we hiked out, only a half hour at most, and when we got to the car it was 11:30 or midnight. I'm still in communication with one of my friends and when we do get together from time to time, it's still a topic of conversation. I have had alot of dreams since i was young about different alien experiences too.
