{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-06 17:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522802","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33210","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7007,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/802/mufon-5522802.json","updb_database_id":5522802}
Two sequential sightings of identical flight coarse characteristics: 1st elongated oval shape white; 2nd event star-like.

On November 6, 2011 in the city of Maricopa around 5:34 PM, I was at my brother's house in his porch area located at his backyard sitting in a chair and conversing with my 2 brothers. While we were talking to each other, one of my brother unexpectedly and expressively hollers out, "There a white light in the sky!"... which at the same time he was pointing towards it in the direction where the object was traversing in the sky. I quickly turned around to see the object that my brother was observing which was located in the sky between east and southeast in direction. It was slowly traversing southeast at a high altitude like it was heading towards Tucson. I quickly realized that it didn't appeared to be a plane nor jet flying. So I rushed inside into my brother's house and grabbed my camera, then I quickly hurried back outside and rapidly started taking pictures of the object that was traversing. After the third picture I took, I quickly previewed it via the camera. It didn't look like a plane, jet, or balloon, so I continued taking more pictures of the object which was slowly traversing southeast. The object appeared to be 1 to 2 miles away from our location, and it appeared to be at a standard altitude which commercial jet are normally seen. The object appeared small in size; smaller than an aspirin if that was to be held away from me at arms length. The object appeared to be an elongated, soft but pure white color object that was bright but not brilliant bright about the size a commercial jet fuselage for that distant superimposed horizontally in the sky. The object didn't appeared to be constituted of light but rather just white in color like a cool white, elongated oval but slightly bulging, florescent lamp shape which also had a rough surface texture appearances and smoothly rounded like a cone at each end. It was very slowly traversing across the sky going southeast slower than a typical commercial jet flying. No navigation lights were seen such as strobe lights or green/red navigation lights. The lighting remain constant which no flickering of lighting was observed, and no contrail were observed with the eyes including via the camera lens. While observing the object and from my perspectives, it appeared to be making a wide sweeping coarse change while maintaining a general southeast heading. There was clouds in the sky, and the object appeared to be traversing in-and-out of the clouds while traversing in a mono-direction and maintaining a horizontal flight. The last sighting of the object was when it was near the horizon and inside a cloud bank formation at the far distant. The color of the object at its farthest distant appeared to be orange in color. When the white color was seen when it was nearest our location, it appeared to be (in my opinion) too bright white in color for the available lighting condition.

Then at 6:03 PM while both of my brothers and I were still in the back porch area conversing with each other, again my brother abruptly yells out very excitedly, "There's a bright light that just instantly appeared in sky!" So I quickly turned around and observed in the same general area of the first sighting a star-like object traversing an identical coarse of the first event sighting. This object was at the same altitude, speed, and distant of the first event sighting but different in lighting: the lighting was not the same nor white in color but an arc-welding type color bathe in brilliant light; and it also appeared from my perceptiveness also something similar to a contained miniature sparkler. The planet Jupiter was seen to the left side in the sky, but the object was not brighter nor bigger than Jupiter. Another planet, possibly Venus, was seen near the area where the sun had set recently. The object was not brighter nor bigger than Venus. My younger brother while he was observing the object only with his eyes made vocally a generalized comment while observing it that the object appeared to his perception to be zigzagging while it was traversing southeast in the sky. As the object traversed southeast, the lighting began to diminish with distant thereby making it extremely difficult to observe the object as it traverse further in the distant. It also appeared to my perception to be orange in color when it was in a far distant yet that color was not seen when it was first observed closer to our location. The object eventually was no longer seen when it traversed near the distant horizon and into a cloud. 

No aircraft were seen during both of the sighting event. However shortly thereafter the second sighting event, a helicopter and smaller types of planes were observed flying around in the distant sky, and they were flying around like in a searching pattern in the same general area where both objects were seen traversing through earlier. A total of three people observed the unidentified flying objects. In the first sighting, there was plenty of twilight in the sky which distant things like clouds and houses were easily seen without any difficulties. The second sighting was much darker in twilight and distant things such as clouds and houses were still easily seen yet somewhat darken in lighting features due to the deficiency of available ambient lighting. At both sighting event when first observed, the object was located in the sky about 40 to 45 degrees off the horizon. Last angle degree that both object were observed traversing was about 20 degrees off the horizon. There was no apparent wind blowing or observed during the sightings. Temperature outside was about 75 degrees F. No sound were heard during either event sightings. 
I took a few pictures of Jupiter and Venus, and those pictures shows them putting out extreme amounts of light. In the 2nd event sighting which looked star-like, the lighting output captured on camera was not even close to being the same in lighting intensity of those planets yet the object looked star-like while it traversed.
