{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-27 10:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530802","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24663","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2723,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/802/mufon-5530802.json","updb_database_id":5530802}
Interview with a Canadian Television Network (UFO).

November 2009, I was invited by a canadian television network for an interview about ufo and a close encounter I had with a spacecraft (look a the picture).

I explained that the phenomena was real, many country disclosure some of their files on ufo. Credible witnesses such as astronaut, pilots, military staff, also reported ufo. The UK minister of defence put their files online and the French space agency CNES published the Cometa report about ufo.

There's overwhelming evidences that's we are not alone in the universe, and there's very advanced technologies. A former Canadian defense minister says be believes advanced technology from extraterrestrial civilizations offers the best hope to "save our planet" from the perils of climate change.

I talked about the close encounter with a ufo... very silent, very bright white light, no pollution.

This ufo was chased by a jetfighter.

I understand that the military staff are monitoring closely ufos... it's their job to check out what's going on in our air space1. 
But1
The UK minister of defence shut down the ufo line because after 50 years they concluded that ufo wasn't a threat to national security.

So why don't we open our mind to the possibility of a huge jump of consciousness?

What would be the world if we get contact with those spacecrafts, extraterrestrials and technologies?

A world with almost no pollution, health care of everyone, food for everyone, clean water....

A sane growing economy, because we can recycle all the waste, so more and more consumers.... (message to Big Company, Big oil company don1t worry you1ll make juste more and more money! (we still need oil to make a lot of products))

I think, as a society, we should take the first step to make official contact with extraterrestrials and forces of light.

There's here... there's real... 

And it can mean a better world for all of us... if we have the right peaceful relationship with those visitors....
