{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-09-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501802","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57232","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3096,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/802/mufon-5501802.json","updb_database_id":5501802}
{dr}The 4 of us sitting in our little pup tent at a state beach when a flash of light seemed to be right up next to our tent. What is really disturbing is that it had somehow tracked us back to our homes some 60 miles away and a week later.

I had invited some friends out for a Sunday drive and by nightfall we ended up near San Diego.We were lucky enough to get a camping spot and really lucky that I had a small tent in the trunk of my car. So the four of us (including myself)are just talking and laughing and having a few beer's not paying much attention to the hardcore party-goers that had filled the park to it's limit. My sitting position was facing north and what happened next just blew me away.A flash of light so bright and a sound almost like that of a shutter on a camera came right into the tent!I jumped up and was out the tent in seconds. I just stood there dumbfounded because I expected to see kids running off or maybe a feww guys trying to get our attention. But there was nothing.And there was really no place to hide.So back into the tent.No big deal. No sooner had I sat down when it happend again!This time my friend flew out that tent right behind me. And the both of us just standing there looking at each other and getting the creepiest feeling. So back inside we go and we are questioning each other as to what is going on? So in total it flashed 3 times.And it was as if someone was right up next to the tent just inches away. By morning all was forgotten.We headed on home. The following weekend the four of us ended up at my house and we were sitting on a picnic table all facing south.It was just getting dark when from behind us(that would be north)it was a flash and that sound that was like the shutter on a camera.We turned around so fast and our jaws just dropped.Clear sky,no planes,no pranksters,no nothing!It had tracked our location even after a week. But that's not the end of it.No one believed us.We had just made this crazy story up. They would soon be in for a surprise. Went to a party and most everyone was there and it may have been a few weeks later. A group of us in the kitchen just socializing when out of nowhere this flash came in through the window and lit up the entire apartment.That was more than 30 years ago and to this day I still have no idea what it could have been. After all that time I just hope they don't show up at my front door. I've looked online trying to find someone else who may have experienced such an event but no such luck.
