{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-02-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487802","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71853","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5531,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/802/mufon-5487802.json","updb_database_id":5487802}
{rjl} abduction and taken to a planet waking up in paralises not being able to move

It was night time. i live in a two story cedar house surrounded by ppine trees, which is right across the street from a government facility, the underground pentigon and down the road from camp david.

I do not remember what time of night it was but I remember I was sleeping with my head at the end of the couch facing towards the entrance to my parents bedroom door. at the time I slept in the living room because I had a fear to sleep by myself idk why.

I remember feeling a tap on my shoulder. I said no let me sleep.  the tap got more powerful I said let me sleep and I turned to see a figure all blurry because I was not wearing my glasses not one but 2. in what was a space suit I think greay metalic like. the figured were skinny and somewhat shortish tall with grayish skin. the heads looked like the shape of King tut with his hat on.. it had somewhat that shape. the eyes were elongated and big. I said let me sleep and I feel back asleep and turned back around.

i remember one of them taking its hand and forcing me back around and i looked them directly in the face. I said something like MOM!! DAD!!! and called for my dog at the time but i got no response it was like I was the only one in the room besides the beings.

I picked up my glasses and they said we are taking you on a trip. they didnt speak but I heard that said to me idk how.

I remember stating I need to get changed first if that is okay and they agreed. I got pants on i remember running down stairs and getting changed and they followed that part is a blur but then I remember a cut seen like in a movie.

I was inside the interior of a spacecraft. the room had alot of futuristic electronics and a control panel. I remember it like it was yesterday. The wierd thing is I mentioned can I play a cd that I brought with me. they said sure with a head nod. I remember the exact cd it was. It was nsync there first album which came out in 1998. Evidently they hated it because they ejected it right away. I do remember I asked alot of questions and was very talkative and wanted to know about everything waht is this what does this do ect.

When I looked outside the window, I remember passing the moon and a few other planets. I do not remember which planet it was.. but it was either jupitor or the red planet mars.. I remember the space ship driving towards one of those planets.. mars it was mars. when the ship landed I do not remember that but I do remember seeing the inside of what looked like a home base or a civilizxation of many creatures like them. There was metalic everywhere. I can picture it in my head but hard to describe.. I remember giant wizard of ozz like metalic doors that were open to what looked like a hanger with other ships just like there i dont remember wht they looked like otehr then i saw alot of other creatures like them walking around. 

They said to me we want you to become one of us. We want you to be one of us. I didnt know what that ment. I said no I dont want to.. thats all I can remember.. then I remember waking up the next morning in my parents bedroom on there bed away from the couch which I slept in the night before. as I called out to my mother.. I remember that my body was stiff and I coudnt move my body and as I started to speak.. that even froze up for what seemed like almopst a good 5 to 6 minutes.. when I unfroze i got up in shock and went to my mother whos a nurse and said I coudnt move my body I was froxzen. she explained something to me and said only senior citizens get that condition and your not old enough to have felt that.

the night before i do remember being in my bedroom downstairs at night and seeing lights bright orb lights flashing into my room from outside i thought nothing of it because i was a kid. then the incodent the following night.

to this day, that memory has allways been in my memory.. and it was since that night.. i have this constant fear of looking up at the night sky as if im afraid something will come get me. now that I am 30 years old... I have eased up a bit but im still afraid of the dark so i sleep with one light on when I sleep and i allways sleep a certain direction so I can see what is coming towards me andi ts allways facing towards my bedroom door. that was a habit i picked up because of what I have descrivbed as probably a dream. since then.. idk if my body has changed or if I noticed anything different in my life.. though at night i feel as I am constantly being watched so I d o not go out at night alone.
