{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-03 13:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515802","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42339","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2981,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/802/mufon-5515802.json","updb_database_id":5515802}
Metallic, very reflective domed object hovers and changes direction, then emits blinding flash and disappears.

It was about 2 PM on Thursday, November 3rd 2011. I was driving east along grand avenue, approaching the intersection at 29th. I was just chillin in my car, as always, and having a pretty good day. I was watching a murder (flock) of startled crows as they were taking flight to the southeast. As I was looking at them, something behind them caught my gaze. Far, far above the earth, it propelled itself lazily through the ether. It was some kind of metallic object that glimmered and glistened in the cloudless, sunny atmosphere. My first thought was that it was a plane or jet of some kind. However, as I kept my eyes on it, the notion became one of inquiry and strangeness. Still deducing it was a plane, I squinted to study it further. It was flat, with curved edges and a smooth, somewhat rectangular body, with a low dome on the top. The thing was definately metallic, and appeared to be chrome in color. It reflected light like no aircraft I have ever seen. As previously stated, it was flat, but flew at an oblique angle, upturned with the right side pointing skyward. It floated aimlessly to the south, my right, at a very slow speed. Suddenly, it changed direction, and in the next instant it was flying north, my left, and its left side was now upturned. After a few seconds, it stopped completely and leveled itself out. It was now hovering in place, staying at a completely symetrical 0 degree angle. Then, to my astonishment, it let out a brilliant burst of light. I can liken it only to a bright flash, or intense sun glare. And it vanished. It was gone. It was there and then it wasnt. I squinted and and searched the sky with my excited eyes. But my sentinel proved fruitless. The object was gone. As first stated, I beleived this object to be a plane or other "common" aircraft we see day to day. But a few points: 
1. I have never seen a plane reflect light like this did.
2. I have never seen such an intense tone of chrome like this thing had. It was like smooth tinfoil.
3. It was not shaped like a plane, and it definately didn't fly like one. 
4. Planes cant change direction on a dime like this thing did. 
5. Planes don't hover. 
6. Planes cant engage warp drive and disappear. It was daytime and that flash caused me to squint, it was that bright.
