{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-12 23:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492802","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66725","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3081,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/802/mufon-5492802.json","updb_database_id":5492802}
{dr}Upfront encounter with alien being

Over the past 30 years there have been incidences with viewings of cylinder-like multiple (5-6) objects overhead with air force jets then following them upward until they vanished in the NJ area, along with known experiences of being raised off the bed during sleep at various times. These experiences continued when I moved to Pennsylvania, but occurred more often and I became more aware, attempting to remain awake. The encounters always happened at night, especially while the TV was off. My dog would wake me barking frantically, then overhearing what sounded like a train or huge jet overhead. When I calmed her down and returned to sleep, the encounters continued. The most extraordinary and memorable encounter (which I will never forget) occurred late 2014 when I fell asleep on the couch around 11:10 pm (having glanced at the wall clock prior to falling asleep) with the TV off. I awoke or tried to awake when I heard my dog barking frantically, pacing back and forth. I opened my eyes, but my vision appeared as though something placed gel over my eyes b/c even though I could make out what was in front of me, it was not entirely a clear image. I also felt something poking at my face and making noises (medium to high-pitch sounds). It was as if this being was making fun of me somehow...just poking its long brown/grey finger and touching my face..cheeks..forehead. I tried to reach out and touch it, but felt paralyzed...couldn't move at all. I could make out its face, long 4 fingers that were in front of me, eyes, skin texture, and size. I managed to glance upward and could make out the room..the clock on the wall, (then 11:20), the chairs, and table. The dog was quiet then. I had been laying on my left side and this extraordinary being was right next to me..only a couple of inches away. Since I found that I couldn't speak nor move, I attempted to relate mentally to leave me alone and that I needed rest. I felt my eyes close and woke up...then looking at the clock it was 11:30 pm. Before going into such a transient state where you can't move or speak, I have felt the same sensations of diminished hearing, small cylinders or pistols going off within the brain, and hearing a loud jet-like or train-like roar prior to the encounter. This being was amazing! These encounters have also left sores and small indentations on my body over the years...with the latest one on my arms and lower right leg with present scars.
