{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470802","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89685","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4438,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/802/mufon-5470802.json","updb_database_id":5470802}
{rjl} rectangular,mirror-like,dark blue, square panels underneath(lights),ramp,entities,abduction(willing)telepathic communication,returned less than one hour.

This event followed case #89604, exactly twelve hours later. On December 31, 7PM, witness saw side-by-side square lights of indeterminate distance straight overhead. They flared twice, slowly, with a pure-white brilliance that lit up the whole yard, then vanished with the object stationary and silent. At 7AM January 1, 2018, witness emerged from physical body, passed through wall of bedroom, and went NW about 200 feet, then turned and faced SE. At that point, witness observed deep solid-blue craft of strongly rectangular shape (corners slightly rounded) descend from 45 degrees directly above mobile home. It descended smoothly and quietly, to stop and hover quite motionless about ten feet above ground, directly behind witness's bedroom. An opening appeared in bottom of craft, and a ramp was lowered to ground. Witness observed twin panels set into bottom of craft which could be possible sources of the lights observed on Dec.31. Three men in uniforms descended the ramp and came to ground. Each wore a different color uniform. There was a person whom I thought might be a mechanic, because his white uniform was fitted with pockets and loops all over, from which could be seen numerous tools/apparatus of unfamiliar design. Another man wore red, and the man that I thought might be the leader wore a uniform of the same blue as his craft. If there were emblems or insignia, I didn't notice them, for once I approached to within several feet of the men, my eyes were captured by those of the man in blue, and I remained directly under his mental control for the remainder of the experience. All three men had golden hair, worn somewhat short but not severe. The leader's hair was very curly. His eyes were a sort of purple-violet, and the pupils were not really round: somewhere between round and diamond-shaped. They stood tall and muscular. Under the leader's control, I nonetheless went willing up into their craft. The inside was compact but not cramped, filled with screens, especially. I saw very little in the way of controls, but the screens responded to touch and also to direct mind control. I was seated facing the leader, and he never broke eye contact. He was very kind and intuitive: I think that he knew me better than I know myself. His voice was strong and colorful, but I heard it only in my mind. I spoke back in the same manner. We rose up in the sky, but stayed withing a few hundred feet of the ground. I could see the ground clearly below: even the floor could be made transparent, or perhaps it doubled as another viewing screen. We traveled in a circle above three of the neighboring roads, for perhaps a half-hour. The entire time, we spoke telepathically. I had endless questions, and the answers were often slow and careful. Much was told to me, but I can no longer remember anything except: "Does your craft utilize antigravity?" He replied, "That is what you call it. We have the ability to attract and repel numerous all-pervasive forces." There was always a language barrier, because they were literally ages more advanced than anything I can imagine. All too soon, I was returned, and they departed. I felt they would be back. The next day, my body suddenly began to reject a synthetic opioid prescription that I had taken for almost nine years, following a head-on collision that put me in the hospital for a month. The withdrawal from this medicine is unbelievably horrible: I've never been so sick. But my mind is emerging from a drugged haze, and perhaps that is the point: maybe those visitors knew what I didn't. Or maybe just a coincidence? Perhaps. But it feels like they are here to help us out - if we are willing to be helped.
