{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-12 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490802","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68774","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3153,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/802/mufon-5490802.json","updb_database_id":5490802}
i saw three glowy objects coming on my position before staying stationnary at least 20 seconds when they formed a perfect triangle... Some seconds later they disapeared. 2 days after i guess they was back above the roof of a residence at 300 meters of me.

Good morning,

I know that nobody will never believe me but i have to tell you what i saw with 2 others witness, 2 or 3 years ago. All begin when i walk one day to come back home. I see a red circurlar light under the moon, at the down left corner. It's really strange because nobody arround seem to notice this glowy object. I deciede to stay and observe the light for several minutes (may be 5 or more) but the light doesnt move at all. So i deciede to come back home... I tell my story but nobody believe me...

However, when i was inside, 5 five after i came back, someone scream and call me to come to see what their are observing right know. I stand up, go to the window and i dont believe what i am watching the light followed me to my appartment and that time, they are 3 glowing lights... They begin to fly in front of us (altitude : 50-70) between 2 buildings (distance between us and the lights: 200- 250 meters), suddenly they stop in a stationnary position, then the lights start to performing a perfect triangle before vanishing in a blink eye.

That should be a "normal" ufo story if the light (there was only one the second time) didnt come back near my appartment, just above the roof of the building at 300-400 meters in front of my appartments... The light almost touched the roof of that building and it was levitating without any noise and always that red glowy color... They was watching me i guess because i didnt notice the light before i stand up to go sleep (i was outside during the event)... For me it was a visual contact.

The last point that scared me at hell that is i maked some research before that event, to have my own opinion about alien life and i'm wonder if i didnt found something, because all this stuff happened few time (2 or 3 days may be less) after i published a video on youtube about possible alien presence in an aera on Io Jupiter's moon called Tvashtar Catena.

The pictures show unexplained structures that can be seen from the space. Spirals Structures shapes and buidlings about 50 km large and more incredible, impossible stuff that defi imagination, like something looking like a huge forge (this why they called that place Tvashtar Catena like the hindu god of the forge...) 

Believe me or not but i swear on my own life, i'm telling the true. Thanks.
