{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-08-18 01:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514527","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43687","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4134,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/527/mufon-5514527.json","updb_database_id":5514527}
{dr}returning with friend to his home noticed craft hovering just above soybean field just south of barn,

It was a Friday night Sat morn. around 120am, clear evening,no clouds.
I was dropping off my friend at his home after an evening of cruising broadway in Greenville, Oh. He had just purchased a new camera along with an new detachable strobe flash unit. We took the flash unit and had fun discharging it while cruising. As we were driving down the lane we heard and saw his dog barking crazyily. we looked in the direction the dog was looking and saw this circular craft (20-25ft.) hovering 10 ft. above the soybean field on south side of drive about 400 feet from us. I continued up the drive slowly, {name removed/CMS/dr] was wanting me to kind of hurry so he could go inside the house and get his new camera so as to maybe get some pics. 
I was in no hurry going down the drive. It took about 2 minutes to drive to the house about 250 ft.

We we frightened. But yet we were wanting to see this thing closer.

We had our windows down since it was a warm summer night. All we could hear was the barking of the dog. As I came close to the house I stopped and dave ran to the house. I stepped out and around to the front of my pick-up, noticing that the dogs back hair-fur was standing straight up.The dog glanced back at me turned back and continued his frantic barking.
I was now about 125-150 ft from the object and it was an erie feeling,standing watching this object. now about three and a half minutes had passed since we first saw the object. As I was watching it ,it appeared to be a shiny metallic color but it seemed to glow with reddish, blueish,golden,violet type of colors mixed together all at the same time. It appeared to be about 10 ft. tall upside down plate with a small dome of maybe 10 ft across and 3 ft. tall. 
There were no windows or doors that
I noticed. It just hovered during the time entire time I saw object.

[name removed/CMS/dr] finally came out of the house and was trying to attach the strobe flash to the camera while running and also trying to get out from under the trees in the yard.

He had just completed attaching the strobe when the craft just rose in height till almost out of sight, then it went in an eastward direction and gone in one second. 
                                            
We stood there for a few minutes speechless,wondering if what we saw was real? 

He kept blaming himself for not bringing the camera with us cruising,that way we might have had a chance to get some pictures of it when we returned to his home.

We greeted and petted the dog whom now was finally settling down. 
Ive never heard a dog bark in the tone it was barking.It was a little scary.

We met the next morning and walked into the soybean field to see if there was any proof of a landing or anything. We found what appeared to be soybean plant leaves turned over liked they had been blown from a large fan in a circle of 30 ft or 6-8 30 inch rows of beans. 
There was no indication of the craft setting down in the field only hovering.

During the entire episode there was no sound emitted from the craft that we could hear.
There has been numerous other sightings from the neighbors on both side of farm and numerous sightings just east and south of this location form three other neighbors. 
They will be making reports in the future because they are still being seen in the area by the same people.
[name removed/CMS/dr] is a farmer/factory worker and I am a prof firefighter.
