{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-08 12:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474527","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85799","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4679,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/527/mufon-5474527.json","updb_database_id":5474527}
{dr}observed perfect circle cloud rimmed by rainbow. Took pictures did not look at pics until I got home

I was leaving my doctor's office at St Clare hospital in Lakewood Washington. It was on or about June 8th 2016. I use a power wheelchair to access the community. I was waiting for the bus that would take me home. It was a very clear and unusually bright day. The fact that it was so bright made me notice the ONLY cloud in the sky. The cloud was unlike any cloud I had ever seen in my life. It was a perfect circle that appeared to surround the sun which hurt my eyes to look in the direction of the sky. There was no center in the cloud it appeared to be a transparent circle framing the sun. Even more unusual was there appeared to be a rainbow or prism effect around the cloud. The cloud formed a cirle around the sun and the rainbow circled the cloud. I grabbed my phone and snapped a couple of pictures because I thought that maybe it was a weather phenomenon causing this effect and I wanted to show it to my wife and family and investigate the cause of this apparition. I tuned my camera northward to snap a picture to show just how clear a day it was and to compare the contradicting phenomenon. I took 3 pictures of the cloud and 1 of the clear sky. Just as I finished the photographs the bus pulled up. The driver asked my name got out of the bus and lowered the lift and allowed me to board. I put away my phone and talked to the driver who was not very interested in the strange cloud. Later that afternoon my wife asked me if anything interesting happened at the doctor's office. I related the story to her about the cloud. I pulled my phone out of my pocket and showed her the photos I took. On the first picture there appeared to be a small dot in the picture near the sun. It was quite reflective and I thought maybe it was just a reflection or something electronic. I slid the picture to the left to view the next photo. This time the dot had moved from inside the cirlce to just below it in the 7 o'clock position. I enlarged the picture and boy did I get the shock of my life. The dot was actually an orb and there appeared to be something metallic on the surface and there were several of these small metallic strictures on the surface. Again I slid the photo to the left with a swipe of my finger to reveal the next photo. Somehow the next photo was a burst and with one click I had taken 3 pictures and in each one of the pictures the orb was in a different place in the cloud. I was impressed with the speed of the object. One more swipe and the picture of the clear sky to the North came into view. This was actually the first picture I took but because of the way the telephone stores the pictures it was the last picture to come into view. The picture revealed a tree along with the sky and a blue/green almost turquoise orb just under the lower branches of the tree. In this picture the orb was on its way to the cloud at the time that I snapped the picture. These pictures remain in my phone to this day and I have only shown them to a select few associates. I have since come to realize that I don't have the right to keep these things to myself, I should share them with the world.
