{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-05 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521527","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34721","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5728,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/527/mufon-5521527.json","updb_database_id":5521527}
It had a glow like fire. The shape was close to a sphere.

My family and I were heading back to Arizona after spending a few days in California, Anaheim to be exact. There was 6 of us total riding in a minivan we had rented. It was around 7pm, and we had made it across the border, and were now traveling through some small, small cities such as Brenda and Hope where there is very little life and activity, although I don't know exactly where we were at the time.

The sun had completely set. My sister was watching out the window while the rest of us were doing other activities in the van. My sister suddenly says she thinks she just saw a UFO. She described that she had seen a ball of orange-reddish light appear in the North-West sky, and then suddenly fade out, much like how a fire is put out. She was quite certain of what she saw and was trying to describe it as well as she could. In the middle of describing it, my brother-in-law, who is driving, suddenly says, You mean like that?? and points to the sky right in front of him. My other sister, sitting in the passenger seat, then gasps, obviously seeing it as well. They described seeing two red lights side by side, seemingly attached to the same object. A second later, one red light went out, and the other one followed. They were not seen again.

After two different sightings, all of us had our eyes glued to the sky. About 5 minutes later, my brother-in-law yells that he is seeing something moving above us. All of us see a yellow-orange ball moving in a strange, but controlled fashion. It was a bright ball, that would fade out while moving sideways, and then a second later would reappear and continue this pattern about 5 or 6 times, all the while moving in the same direction. You could see the shapes of where the ball had faded out. Then it was just gone. No trace of anything falling. All of us were stunned, it did not look or move like anything any of us had seen before.

So this whole time we are still driving at around 60-65 mph. No cars in front or behind us. We are all looking out our windows to see if anyone else spots something. Im behind my sister who spotted the first UFO, so were both looking out the same side window. After a while, my sister and I spotted something at the exact same time. There was a dim, orange ball just above the horizon that had just appeared, and then disappeared again. A few seconds after it disappeared a bright, bigger one appeared slightly above the dim one, and hovered for a second, then went out like a flame. It was the exact thing my sister had described about an hour earlier when she saw the first UFO. For the next twenty minutes, we lost count on how many objects we saw. A bright yellow/orange/reddish ball would appear in different areas of the sky, and seconds later would dim out, like a flame. There was a big, bright star we had kept our eye on for reference, so that we could see if the ball was appearing in the same place or if it was definitely moving. Sometimes the ball would appear close to the horizon to the left hand side of the star, and a while later it would appear farther away from the horizon on the right hand side of the star. So this whole while, were traveling at 60 mph and were still seeing the object appear. It was definitely moving, it was not stationary. 

After 20 minutes of seeing many, many objects, the activity had stopped. 40-45 minutes went by and we stopped looking, also we had passed through mountains and had simply thought that we could not see them anymore. I happen to look back out the window at the edge of a mountain that was the same distance as the horizon we were looking at. Another ball had appeared but this time, it did not disappear. We immediately pulled over to watch it. The ball was stationary for a few seconds, and 3 of us saw it move slightly up and down, and back and forth. It was very slight, but it was definitely a moving light. The other 3 thought that it was a stationary light that had just come from behind the mountain while we were driving. After a few minutes of it not moving, were all convinced it was just a light that had appeared from behind the mountain. As we were about to drive away, the light suddenly disappeared. It was not a light that was behind the mountain, it was the same orange light we had been seeing. It reappeared a second later, and disappeared again. 

None of us had any explanations for any of the things we had seen. We saw 3 different kinds of objects and lights in a time frame of about 2 hours traveling at 65 mph. All 6 of us had seen these lights. They were not fireworks, they were not flares. Nothing ever fell from the light, they just disappeared as quickly as they appeared. We googled on my sisters phone the things we had seen, and we found a story almost exactly like ours in almost the exact location, the story was in Congress, which is very close to where we were. It inspired us to share our story, because they were almost identical. We believe we saw the same things as they did. I wish I had an answer as to what we saw, but I think for now, it shall remain a mystery.
