{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-20 01:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288527","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114840","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7610,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/527/mufon-5288527.json","updb_database_id":5288527}
3 Bright Momentary Flashes of Clear Light at 30K Feet or Higher in Distance on Clear Starry Night Unlike Manmade Aircraft or Natural Phenomena

At exactly 1:43 a.m. EDT during my usual one and a half mile exercise walk I was looking up at the stars visible in all directions in a clear sky and suddenly saw a momentary flash of very bright light in the northeast. The flash of clear-white light was at about 60 degrees above the horizon and appeared to be at least the altitude of a cruising airliner (35,000 feet) or higher. 

The flash of light got my attention because at age 61 with a university degree and a good knowledge of astronomy and meteorology and relatives at NASA, Army helicopter pilot, NSA, FEMA, Department of Homeland Security and friends at CIA, Army and Naval intelligence and aerospace industry and having been to some of the top airshows in the country I can tell the difference between what's normal and not in the night sky. 

I've also flown on all kinds of airplanes and helicopters and in 1972 was at Cape Kennedy for the liftoff of Apollo 16 and back again in 1974 with Air Force brass to watch an Atlas Centaur rocket launch a classified spy satellite into orbit. I have personally held the phone used by "cap com" mission controller at Cape Kennedy to talk to Apollo astronauts on the moon.

I also have personally witnessed ET vehicles (UFOs) on two other occasions and have been studying "The Phenomenon" for decades. Keeping track of MUFON's Top 20 and NUFORC's website I know that there have been a lot of UFO triangle sightings lately, so tonight I was watching the sky as usual during my exercise walk because one never knows what one might see. One usually does not see anything unusual, but if one doesn't put a line in the water one never will catch a fish, etc.

Okay, so the sudden flash of bright light in the northeast sky got my attention enough to stop walking. It seemed unusual but I first figured it might be an airplane so I watched the sky intently knowing that if it was an airplane I'd see normal movement and/or green or red FAA port/starboard ID lights or constant or flashing headlights, repeating strobe lights or hear some sound. When none of the latter occurred it really got my attention because now I knew "the light" probably was not an airplane. I ruled out helicopters from the start because of the high altitude. Stars were clearly visible and this was not a star, planet or meteor. Nor was it the ISS, Space X Starlink satellites or space junk reentering the Earth's atmosphere. Also, way too high and early in season for lightning bugs (fireflies).

Then while continuing to watch the sky a few seconds later I saw a second momentary flash of bright light, similar to the first, in the same approximate area of the sky. In other words, the mysterious object had either maintained relative position or had moved only slightly from its original position, or could it have been another craft in the same approximate area that released the second bright flash of clear-white light? I don't know? Again, no normal manmade aircraft movement, no movement like a satellite or ISS, no FAA lights and no sound.

While continuing to stand still I peered intently at the clear starry night sky for maybe another minute or two but when I did not see anymore flashes of light I decided to continue my exercise walk. However, I now was paying even greater attention to the sky in all directions as I did my usual 14 laps in the rural road adjacent to our front field and entrance to our gravel driveway that's longer than a football field. I offer these details so maybe you can see the quiet country setting in your mind's eye.

Then 15 minutes later, at exactly 1:58 a.m., I witnessed a third mysterious momentary flash of bright clear-white light in the same approximate location as the first two flashes. Because the flashes were unusual I immediately checked my watch and made mental note of the time, direction, angle of degree and weather conditions. 

For the record, I did not see or hear any manmade aircraft of any type in my area during these mysterious observations. However, it's not unusual to see airliners, light prop planes and various military helicopters flying over, but not during my observations of the three mysterious flashes of light high in the night sky on April 20, 2021. Nor was there any vehicular traffic on the secondary rural highway nearby. My neighbors were all in bed by now so it was just me outside in the country darkness alone. I prefer walking at night because it's quiet and peaceful with fewer vehicles to worry about on the road in front of our place. No booze, drugs or psychiatric conditions involved.

So I stopped walking a second time and watched the area of the sky where I'd seen the three momentary flashes of bright light, but I did not see anything else. For the record, these flashes of light were the size, from my perspective, of some type of craft hovering or moving slightly high in the sky. Maintaining the same approximate position over at least 15 minutes. My observations were inconsistent with traditional manmade aircraft, astronomical or meteorological phenomena.

In retrospect, however, the momentary flashes of light were similar to two momentary flashes of light that I saw emanate from a cylindrical (cigar) UFO hovering about 100-300 feet above some tall trees on the north bank of the James River in Richmond, VA during my exercise walk on the south bank of the river during this same month of April, except the last day of the month, April 30, 2010 - MUFON case 23080. 

However, during that sighting the UFO was much lower, pivoted on its axis one time and flashed one bright white light and seconds later one bright red light. And alas, what I did not mention in my case 23080 MUFON report was how six days earlier I had an unusual dream about seeing a strange cylindrical aircraft with no wings or tail hovering low over some trees. I did not mention it in my report because I had forgotten about the dream and only made the connection a few days after submitting my report to MUFON while adding something new to my dream journal which I had been keeping back then. 

So I had an unexpected dream about a cylindrical UFO hovering low over some trees on April 24, 2010 and then the dream turned prophetic on April 30, 2010. Seriously, this is the truth and no joke. I believe things like this happen to more people but they are hesitant to report it. At 61, I don't give a rat's ass and hope it gives courage to others to report unusual psychic phenomena that sometimes are connected to UFO sightings. Fact: Late Harvard professor, John Mack, M.D., a pioneer in UFO research, wrote how it is not unusual for some ET/UFO events to be connected to psychic (spiritual phenomena). Personally, I don't believe we humans will be able to adequately understand the ET/UFO phenomenon until we better comprehend or appreciate the psychic/spiritual realm.

Have a nice day.
