{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-04 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504527","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54362","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2936,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/527/mufon-5504527.json","updb_database_id":5504527}
{kt}I was inside my house and heard my dogs barking outside. When I went outside I happened to look up and see the ufo.

On January 4, 2013 at about 9pm my wife, daughter and I were inside my house. We were excited because my 6 year old daughters first tooth just came out. At the same time my 2 great dane's were outside barking. I went outside to my deck to get them to stop barking. As I first stepped out I didn't notice anything right away but maybe about 5 seconds after I went outside I happened to look up and that's when I noticed the ufo. I saw this huge black rectangular shaped object above me. It was going extremely slow and didn't make a sound. I was so confused as to what I was seeing. I actually got my wife and told her to look at what I was seeing. She was carrying my daughter because at this moment they are still excited about her tooth coming out. When she stepped out on to the deck she too couldn't believe her eyes. I took out my cell phone and tried to take a video of it but it was too dark. After a few seconds of me recording it I stopped and tried to take a picture. That too was too dark. My daughter saw the ufo as well but she was so scared that she started crying and telling my wife to bring her back inside. When my wife went back inside I stood on the deck watching this object slowly move in a north west direction. I could remember vividly the object blocking out the stars as it was moving. I saw 3 white lights on both sides of the longer side of the rectangle shaped object, one light in the middle of both sides of the shorter side of the rectangle shape and a white and red light center of the object. The lights were steady. I just kept looking at it until I couldn't see it anymore. As soon as I went inside my house we just kept talking about what we just saw. I never in my whole life saw something that I couldn't explain. I was so confused as to what I saw and to this day I am still confused. I decided to draw a sketch of what I saw shortly after going back inside while it was still fresh in my mind.
