{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499527","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59610","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3020,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/527/mufon-5499527.json","updb_database_id":5499527}
{dr}Stepped out. Couldnt sleep. Saw it at appx 2 o'clock pos to Jupiter

I couldn't sleep so I stepped outside to smoke a cigarette. Upon walking down the driveway (facing nearly due east), I noticed how cloudless the sky was and how dynamicly the stars appeared in Orion & between that constellation and Jupiter.

This is a residential suburban neighborhood. After gazing upon Sirius because it was so clear and twinkling from blues and purples to whites and greens, I looked over to Jupiter (slightly more NE of the constellation).

Upon looking at Jupiter, I saw an extremly bright white/green "star" at Jupiter's 1-2o'clock position (if you will). Because I never recalled seeing a heavenly body that dynamic or bright near Jupiter before, and knowing that powerlines could easily obscure my view, I walked down the drive more to see the sky beyond the cables.

The white/green light then flashed again, proving that I did see a flash and wasn't getting confused by the powerlines. This time the flash was slightly less large and seemed to be an aircraft headed due east.

I waited for another flash of bright light, as I see planes and heliocopters often in the sky being near Piedmont Triad Airport in Greensboro, NC. However: I heard no sounds of an engine or propulsion. The light from this "plane" was not constant with a red and green starboard/port indication.

This light in the sky grew brighter and faded with the deliberate and speed of a lighthouse beacon that brightens and fades as it spins. I was able to see three or four of these cycles as it appeared to head east quickly (I say quickly because after the deliberate cycles from bright to dim, the object was gone from view... Seemingly growing smaller as it headed east)

I know what I saw was not typical. I have seen planes and other aircraft at night having grown up outside of Newark Airport in NJ. I have also been lucky enough to have seen the Mir space station as it entered the atmosphere near Greensboro at about 3:15 am on my way to work years ago. This object faded and brightened to the same white/green color I found unique about witnessing Mir. 

I have also seen the Geminid and Persioid meteor showers before. This soundless light with deliberate speed, direction, and cyclic fades was NOT anything I have seen before.

It caught me off guard and intrigued me to the point of needing to clarify this with your sight.
