{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-12 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451527","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110121","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3000,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/527/mufon-5451527.json","updb_database_id":5451527}
Starlike objects chasing eachother

We were traveling south on Hwy 7 just south of Jasper, Arkansas. We noticed that the stars were exceptionally bright, due to our distance from a major light source, so we decided to stop at the rest stop/gift shop at the Arkansas Grand Canyon. 

POINT OF REFERENCE: This is not the Cliff House Inn, it's the gift shop with the large parking lot and viewing tower. They're easily confused, so I want to be clear on our location.

We were admiring the stars at all degree angles, commenting on constellations and just how clear it was outside, when we all sortof looked up at once. Almost directly overhead, we spotted what we thought was a satellite. It was moving at a very swift straight-line speed, and it appeared to be in the upper atmosphere at least, judging by the softness of the light and just how stinkin fast it was. It was moving roughly north to south. Once it was directly over our heads, we noticed another, traveling roughly southwest to northeast. As soon as the SE->NW object came within a close distance of the N->S object, it swiftly changed directions and started following the straight-line object. At once we all exclaimed, "DID YOU SEE THAT??"

Then the objects started chasing each other around the sky. We'd see flashes of the object in one region of the sky, it would move around for a bit, then the other object would rush up and circle it. It felt like a supersonic game of hide and seek, or tag. It felt jovial and happy. We watched for about 2 minutes straight, then a third object seemed to swoop in quickly and gave chase in similar fashion. After another minute or so, they disappeared into the sky. We all watched in silence for another 8-10 minutes, hoping they'd return, but all we saw was one more satellite. Straight line all the way across the sky.

The objects we viewed moved way too quickly to be explained by a satellite, plane, space junk, or other means we could think of. It was too dark to grab any video or pictures, and we were the only ones there. This location in particular has been a hotbed of paranormal and alien activity for recorded history, and I've always sensed that something ancient has happened in the Ozarks. Perhaps the cause of the canyon itself?

Please let me know if you have any questions. I'd love to take an investigation team up to the spot at night to see if you can spot something similar.
