{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-06-10 18:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485251","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74497","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3298,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/251/mufon-5485251.json","updb_database_id":5485251}
{cak} 3 lights in eastern sky, electrical sensation, lights rapidly converged and disappeared

I was sitting at the dining table with my wife and daughters who were 8 & 6 years old at the time. It was daylight, suppertime say around 6 pm in the early summer - June I think. I suddenly felt a strange electric-like energy, maybe like if you like if you were near an electrical transformer or something like that. It was enough to make get up quickly from the table and instinctively go outside. Our dog was outside and barking for no apparent reason. I looked up to the Eastern sky and saw 3 distinct lights in a slightly triangular horizontal pattern, with the middle light appearing to be just slightly higher than the ones to the right and left. 
the lights seemed to be moving rapidly away from me to the east. within seconds, maybe less than a second, the lights seem to converge and disappear. During this time I felt the strange sense of energy that i felt when I first felt it in the house. I never saw the shape or outline of an object. I flt as if I had actually seen what I saw and in no way could I explain it to myself as any kind of normal aircraft. When I went back in I asked my wife and kids if they felt or saw anything. As I recall, they didn't seem to have felt or seen what i did as much as I did. MY youngest daughter (6 1/2 year old) then said she saw a plane or something like a plane. I asked her to draw a picture of it, and she did.
She drew a picture of an craft similar to an airplane, from a top, side view, with windows along the side, wings on either side, and as I recall there were people figures in the windows. I think I still have the drawing somewhere, as I remember keeping it with her school memorabilia -pictures, drawings etc- as she went through grade school and then high school. she is now 32 years old and lives in Dallas where she is an elementary school teacher. I plan to ask her what she remembers about this event the next time she visits home, or if i visit with her this spring. 
That's about it. I had thought about reporting this many times but the demands of work, raising a family, etc, always seemed to take priority.
As I recall this event it comes back as a distinct sensation of a burst of energy - almost pulsating so, like electricity. And I can still envision the 3 lights disappearing to the east. I have often wondered if other people reported anything similar in the area during that time frame of the late 1980's to early 1990s. After this event I seemed to notice more strange lights in the night sky, but wasn't sure if they were just airplanes, satellites or other man - made craft. 
Thank you for your time in considering this report.
