{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-03 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476251","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84003","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4942,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/251/mufon-5476251.json","updb_database_id":5476251}
{rjl} Three

I was on my way to town. To hang out with some friends. When passing the town park I out of the side of my eye saw a light, i looked over and saw three, I couldnt distinguish it at first. Then it seemed odd. I slowed down to a stop, I looked and saw three lights, They were moving too slow to be planes, and i thought i might be a helicopte, But there were no flashing lights and no sound. I kept watching and it was so odd. I've never seen anything flying like this. They were just above candlewood isle. Each light would sort of dance do a loop quite fast around the other in a counter clockwise motion one at a time, around the one that was sort of in the middle, or at the bottom of the other two. They would take turns. all while traveling decently slow north-ish along the center of the lake. But when they would dance around eachother it would occur crazy fast, too fast to be something manmade that i know, well in that motion at least. nowhere near supersonic speeds or anything like that. but fast, like with a snap of my fingers, occasionally they would go slower around eachother. they kept a close proximity to eachother, Although they were covered in white light, there seemed to be a physical body to them, DUe to the brightness and it being night i couldn't make much of that out.Now it was rather hard to tell how big they were exactly or how far they were, but i would say the size of an suv, a little bigger maybe two suvs side by side, again it was hard to tell. Although they were covered in white light, there seemed to be a physical body to them, Due to the brightness and it being night i couldn't make much of that out. They did this and moved about maybe 5 minutes until they went beyond my sight due to the next mountain the end of vaughns neck. When if first noticed it, one car passed me by, and i waited begged the lord for someone to pass by to see what i saw. I would have told them to "look at this are you seeing this/ have i become delusional?" It was completely out of this world. I had no phone at the time so no way to take a picture. And while iv'e watched ufo shows like any normal person, I don't really believe the stuff. I mean some stuff is cool and raises questions to myself, probably the phoenix lights the most. But if anyone had told me they saw a ufo, id just brush it off, or maybe even think they were just a little weird, or a total liar. I can say, that it was the most beautiful thing i have ever seen, it brought a strange peace to myself. It was amazing. In fact when i see lights out of the corner of my eye i always check, In fact iv'e almost crashed a couple times because of this. I beg and pray i will see it again. Now I am so open when people say they have seen a ufo. I don't tell too many people, the friends i met up that night of course because i was so bewildered, and my father, but no one else really because well, they'd think im crazy or a liar, Or just didn't know what i was looking at. 
 I wanted to share this with you, dunno why it took me so long, but since your the main entity for this sort of thing, i guessed i probably should in the name of science. Since your site requires a name I made it up. i really don't want this going in some file that says Oh so and so saw a ufo. I did give my correct email in case anyone has more questions for me. Also, The date i guessed to my best knowledge, It was that year and i believe am almost certain that month, the time was estimated, But the day i really am unsure of.,Sorry. I somehow know that in my heart, whatever beings were in this ship, are not harmful, the way they played or i prefer "Danced" around each other, Was elegant, peaceful, so fluid, Not perfect movements, but so.. I cant even describe it. It was wonderful, and while my whole life i Have had issues with believing in something, anything that gives more meaning to life, this has helped tremendously, that one event. It isn't that its something I obsess over either, It doesn't drive me nuts or start collecting ufo $#!+,I do check the sky more, and search ufo sightings. but it brings me a calming peace that there is something else. Thank you for the time reading this long message. Again feel free to email me with any questions. I said pretty much all i can say about it, but im always open to inquirys. Good luck with the hunt!
