{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-11 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488251","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71399","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2839,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/251/mufon-5488251.json","updb_database_id":5488251}
{cak} Two adults witnessed (from darkened interior house) stationary lights in Westerly direction for approximately 15min, no change in direction, speed or location.

I had just returned from grocery shopping around 8:25pm on 10/11/15 and was putting away canned goods when my husband called me into the darkened living room to see strange lights to the West. We keep the lights out in the living area after putting our infant twins to 'bed' in their pack n play at 8pm. Thus it was dark enough to see outside pretty well, without our eyes needing adjustment to the darkness . The neighbors directly behind our house had a porch light on and I could not see at first to what he was referring . But using that light as a reference, he noted (what at first could easily be mistaken for a low star or an airplane) a pulsing lighted object. My husband lost interest quickly as it was not in our immediate area. I however kept watching-waiting for the object/lights to change direction or appear closer. That never happened. It appeared to be miles away, yet I could clearly see a lit circular (possibly spherical) object with rotating/pulsating lateral red and blue lights. It was about a three-count pulse. It was far enough away I could not decipher detailed shape, markings or sound. But the white light seemed to brighten when either the red or blue light pulsed, lightening up haze around it.
After a few minutes I realized the object was not on an Easterly path towards our home as I thought (like perhaps an aircraft on a straight path). It came no closer and simply hovered. 'Helicopter perhaps?' I remember thinking.; 'An inadviseable nighttime ultra-light aircraft in flight?' maybe. But then after watching for 15 minutes I decided that, no, this was not a police or emergency helicopter that would be capable of hovering for an extended time. It just seemed 'strange'-that is, not normal behavior for aircraft in our area.
I was giving this byplay to my husband the whole time. At one point I heard movement from one of my twins and looked away from the object towards them. As I looked back the object was gone-leaving no sign in the sky that it was ever there. I looked frantically around for it in another part of the sky, but to no avail.
