{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-22 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528793","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26762","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2809,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/793/mufon-5528793.json","updb_database_id":5528793}
about 100 or more spanning several constellations

i went outside to take the dogs out, when i looked up, i saw several starlike objects moving west in the sky.i called for my fiance, her son beat her to it. he came out, looked up, and saw them also. he yelled for his mom, she came and looked,and saw them.she went inside and grsbbed the camera while we stayed out and observed for about 15 minutes. they were different magnitudes,they were moving in a westerly direction about 1 degree every second. i had to make sure this wasnt an illusion with the clouds flying by as they had just opened up.i know how the stars are suppose to look in their constellations since ive studied astronomy since childhood and these didn't belong. they were also moving faster relative to the stars. they covered a width of about 10 degrees, and an area from east to west of about 50 degrees.the first thing that came to our minds was an invasion.i saw 3 jets that appeared to be commercial airliners,not sure, moving in the same direction. the jets appeared to be lower and i don't think they were affiliated with this. there was also another jet which was heading north. i reported this on a website called,,,*(Name of website moved to Additional Evidence Section--CMS/sg),,, in the encounters section 2 days later.myself,my fiance, and her son were all witnesses of this occurance.i also went back inside after viewing this for about 15 minutes to grab the binoculars. by the time id gotten them and went back outside, the last of the objects were on their way west although i was able to view about 3 of them in the binoculars. they still appeared starlike with no form other than that.their was 2 triangular shapes but im not certain if they tried to make that formation since there were so many. they only explanation that i can give as to why other people didn't observe this is that the clouds had just opened up from what it appeared, and the moon was full.these objects were of different magnitudes.we did get some videos of it,we think,but were unable to download because the usb cable is damaged.were uncertain if anythings on it though. i personally don't think the camera has enough resolution to get anything but im not sure.
