{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-21 19:29:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289793","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113560","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2928,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/793/mufon-5289793.json","updb_database_id":5289793}
Light in sky

I saw the light whilst looking through the kitchen velux window, it was a clear sunny evening with some cloud. At fist I thought it must be a satellite as it was travelling slowly along a fixed path, I pointed it out to my wife as I thought it odd you could see a satellite during the day, my wife told me it must be a satellite. I continued to watch the object and it then stopped and held its position for about a minute, it then moved back in the opposite direction and stopped on the edge of a cloud. It was at this point I thought it cannot be a satellite if it had stopped and changed direction so I decided to try and record it on my phone. The first clip is through my velux window where you can just see the object shinning and slowly moving to the right. I then moved into the garden to try and get a better angle, the object is not as clear in the second clip but can be seen in the centre of the video and shines at about 2 seconds (I have attached a freeze of the video and circled the just visible object). After that l lost where the object went and thought no more of it other than being a bit odd. Whilst deleting old files from my phone today I came across the old recordings and watched them again, after watching the second, garden, video in slow motion I noticed something shooting up from the ground straight at the object that I had never noticed before, at about 7 seconds on the clip. The black object is travelling really fast which is why I never noticed it before and crosses right across where the light had been moving. Even my wife thought this a bit strange as to what this could be so I thought I’d send the clips to you guys to see if you have any ideas? My wife now thinks I am strange! 

In my mind the object cannot be a satellite as it definitely stopped still for at least a minute and then changed directions and stopped again. If it had not done this I would not have bothered film it. 

Thanks
