{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-10-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480793","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79260","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2234,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/793/mufon-5480793.json","updb_database_id":5480793}
it was like light teleporting in sky and shifting shape like it was made of lightining

(my english is not that well)
it was a cool summer night and i was lying in our back yard. i was watching sky and thinking about stars that suddenly i noticed a strike of light in sky. i was sure that i could'nt be a lightning cause it was summer and in my city we dont have much cloudy and stormy days. weather was clear and there was no cloud in the sky. 2 or 3 seconds later it came again but it moved (like u couldnt say where it is at a moment) rapidly in sky. it was some sort of round thing that showed light randomly from some spots on it. but it really look like lightning but it was round. i have no idea if it was one object that moved or several objects. there is and airport near us and i see planes almost every time but they fly near ground for landing and u can see them even in nights. but this object was not a plane im pretty sure. after several seconds it just disappeared like nothing has happened. i went to house and didnt talk about it with anybody even my family and i dont know the reson. i knew about ufo's back then, but some thing affected me not to talk about it and im sure it was not me cause i tell every one every thing. after a year or two a friend of mine came to me and i told him my ufo story with no reason! he was the first person who knew my story. then he said yeah i saw a ufo just couple of days ago!he said he saw a pyramid shape ufo in his way to his grand parents home. i have no idea what made me to tell a person who had witnessed a ufo recently. maybe it was an accident. but im sure that ufo had effected me somehow.
