{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-24 22:26:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494793","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64668","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2481,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/793/mufon-5494793.json","updb_database_id":5494793}
{cak} was star gazeing..saw two red looking stars..told two friends..huge white rectangular light came on...followed by a red light left of center inside white light..

I was visiting a friend or friends and we had been playing xbox when we took a break to go outside to smoke cigs. I'm a star gazer always looking into the sky to catch a meteor or satellite or locate planets. About the only thing I know about planets is that there more orange colored than stars. I noticed two red lights horizontal to ach other and began to ask my two friends what they thought they was. Before I could get it out a huge white light came on in the shape of a rectangle. I was in shock it felt. It stayed on for what seemed to be several minutes and a red light appeared inside the white light. It also seemed as something was moving inside the light. the light eventually went out and it was then just red lights, it moved slowly off to the left of our position going behind a southward mountain. I wanted to see were it went so we three began running south to get another view of it. This is when the adrenaline and heart rate was really going and I'm not sure what I saw but Sarah was the first to see it again and point it out. When I caught sight of again it moved directly over top of us and existed of several, maybe nine dimly lit red lights with two on the very end of it blinking back and forth. It seemed very low in altitude and made absolutely no sound whatsoever. To answer what do I think it was? I honestly don't know but it seemed intelligent. My feelings of this experience is mixed in confusion, wonder, was it spiritual? Never a day goes by that I don't think about it. Id like more than anything to have an answer for it, whatever it was. The actual outside the object could not be determined due to the blackness of the sky. Even when it went directly overhead no shape could be seen.
