{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-07-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517793","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39925","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2756,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/793/mufon-5517793.json","updb_database_id":5517793}
{nd} One of those images burned forever into my minds eye.

I was always outside as a boy enjoying the end of the summer day being on my porch watching the sun go down. This evening, my attention was drawn to my left point of view by either movement or sound or light. The object seemed to slowly hover directly over my street while moving from an east to west direction, as my house faced south it was easy to see. I do not know if anyone else was outside as Id never bothered to speak nor ask about it. It is strange now that I write this that I never spoke of it to my parents as a boy. Only telling them as a grown man during camping campfire conversations. It was pill-shaped (round) but convex in design. Dark greenish black colored with lights on the hull of many different colors reminding me of the old R-9 Christmas lights, but yellow, white, red, blue and maybe green glow. The lights were stationary, but the craft/hull itself spun slowly in a counter-clockwise direction while moving from my left to right. It was positioned just above the level of the powerlines and hummed/reverberated while in front of me. Im pretty sure it didn't know I was so close to it. I stood up not realizing Id done so, and instinctively ran to get my orange Schwinn bicycle to follow it. It flew west and I began pedaling after when it began to pick up in speed. I had to cross a unkempt field down a dirt path to continue westward and was trying to pedal faster when I saw it increasing speed and upward angle. When I reached the other side of the field I lost the craft behind a line of taller trees and when I got clear of them to the west, the craft had to have sped out of sight. There were no other obstructions to block my view so I knew it had to have continued on its upward path and exponentially increased speed. I kept riding out in to the desert-like area of town where there were really no obstructions at all is it was a desert town and never found a landing site. My assumption is that it disappeared into the night-sky. But I will never forget the event and can still hear and see that evening with perfect clarity even though I am now in my early forties.
