{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-05-03 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493793","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65712","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3335,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/793/mufon-5493793.json","updb_database_id":5493793}
{rjl} First one, joined by a second reddish orb, converged, stopped, flew back in formation

I attended the play "Spamalot" at Shea's Buffalo Theatre, downtown Buffalo, NY with my son(also observed the event), and 2 friends. Returned to the car parking lot after the play and, while my friend was attempting to back out of a tight parking space, I looked up at the night sky hoping to see the planet Jupiter, prominent in the sky at that time. The sky was somewhat hazy with sufficient light pollution that only the brightest objects were visible. I spotted a bright star-like object that I at first suspected was Jupiter, but later realized was the bright star Arcturus in Bootes. Shortly after that observation (facing east), I noticed a very small object to the right of Arcturus moving left toward the star. At first I suspected it to be a satellite or "space junk" that I have observed numerous times in the night sky at home in Chautauqua County. But on closer examination, despite the fairly poor seeing conditions, I realized that I could see textural and color details on the object. I ascertained that it was perfectly round, red on the outer margins gradually grading to orange toward the center, where the color was a distinct white. As I was observing these details, I caught the appearance of second, identical orb, below and trailing behind the first one. Their apparent separation was equivalent to about a three inch separation of thumb and fore-finger on my outstretched arm. They made no noise, and their speed was that of very fast satellite objects. They eventually flew past Arcturus and merged close together before both came to a full, dead stop. It was then that my son and I realized that these were not ordinary satellites. In fact, they were probably not satellites at all! They maintained a constant distance at a dead stop for probably a bit less than 5 minutes, until the upper orb (#1) reversed course and flew back the way it had come. Shortly after, the 2nd orb also reversed course but before moving very far it performed an amazing rapid zig-zag dance -- at which point my son and I explained in unison "[expletive deleted]Did you see that?!" At this point it was clear that we were observing our first sighting of a genuine UFO, actually, two UFOs. We watched as they flew side-by-side in an apparently constant separation heading off in a westerly direction. Our observations were terminated by our friends who had succeeded in extracting their car and were anxious to head home to Fredonia. They never saw the two orbs, and have since regretted not stepping out of the car when we implored them to do so.
