{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-01-16 18:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462994","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97963","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3134,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/994/mufon-5462994.json","updb_database_id":5462994}
{jpg} First sighting, orange diamond, houvered then dissapeared and reappeard instantly changing shapes to silinder and octagona.

I was traveling West towards the Waynesboro,GA Wal-Mart from Hwy 56 which is approximately 3 miles or so drive where I was coming from at approximately 6:45 p.m. Eastern time. I noticed in the Western sky approximately 30 Deg above ground an orange object that looked like a diamond it appeared to be miles away and very small, I first thought it was the space station, Venus or some other star or planet. Though it did look a bit larger than seeing them before. I saw it for 3 or 4 seconds then it disappeared; my thoughts were possibly the clouds blocked it from sight and didn1t think anything about it. Several seconds latter I saw it re appear and looked to be very large, bright and orange. As I drove closer to it 3 more appeared next to it and what seemed to be some kind of formation. I was at an awe of what I was looking at and a bit freeked by my observation. I had seen articles like this on u tube and TV but never in real life.

The objects were very bright, orange and elongated. The best way I can describe it size would be two school busses end to end and 2 school busses wide the size of each one. The distance from where I was seeing these were approximately 300 yds. or so. (Note): There were approximately 8 to 12 other vehicles at the Wal-Mart red light facing West that had to have seen these objects. The traffic was stopped, no one was moving in any direction. As I set there the 2 out side objects one facing South the other facing the North disappeared, re appearing in a different form and location in a blink or so of an eye, the color of the objects were a light blue to purple and formed a more definite shape, octagon looking at top and bottom with a cylinder shape connecting both ends and light orang color around the perimeter of the 2 objects. They flashed like this 2 at a time for several seconds before forming back up to some sort of formation and rotating in what looked to be a counter clockwise movement. This all took place approximately 30 seconds or so. They then vanished, I pulled into the Wal-Mart parking lot and looked for several minutes hoping they would re appear. No luck and I had my phone out at that time.
After talking with my Nephew it was evident they were moving North towards Augusta. He saw them at 7:00 but saw 8 units that lasted for 30 seconds.
