{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-14 20:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287994","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115378","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3155,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/994/mufon-5287994.json","updb_database_id":5287994}
Cylindrical, no wings, no sound

20210514 
Before sunset 20:11 this afternoon I came out of my shop to greet my wife who had just pulled into the yard. As she opened her car door something in the sky well above the tree lines, highly reflected, slightly southeast caught my attention. I observed a highly reflective metallic cylindrical object, no wings observed, traveling rapidly , making no sound, leaving no trails behind it, moving slightly S.E. To dead east of my position, I told my wife to look at it which she observed , she asked is it a blimp to which I said no and said it’s traveling way to fast! I then remembered I had my iPhone, retrieved it from my back pocket, fumbled with it trying to open camera app, , relocated the object which had moved considerably eastward , slightly lower and was able to snap 3 photos, stupidly didn’t set in video mode!!!!! Pictures are all taken at 20:12. I was able to zoom in on one photo having a hard time relocating object each Picture. Tried to take more pics but the object had disappeared. I noticed after the sighting while viewing the photos that to the very far right there was another similar object did have a slight cloud like trail behind it but nothing like a normal jet leaves. I am a retired Sergeant Major with 30 years served in the active duty Army and full timer with the National Guard, combat tours as a combat Paramedic to both Afghanistan and Iraq. I’m pretty familiar with military aircrafts and drones but this sighting has me baffled . Zooming in on one photo the object is cylindrical circular objects attached together and in another it appears as two circular objects that are attached.  The objects were a good distance from our location. In the first attached photo, both objects can be seen when you enlarge , main object is far above and to the right of the chimney, second object is almost same level of first object and all the way far right. Thank you!
