{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-11-23 08:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493994","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65505","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2382,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/994/mufon-5493994.json","updb_database_id":5493994}
{cak} Please see below

Entering apartment building in revere, mass on thanksgiving night in 1989 when in elevator building shook elevator lights went out, but we reached 5th floor. We pulled open elevator door and hall lights were out..went into apartment and went to slider window. We drew open the curtains and behind our building is a good size baseball field. The entire field was covered with a huge spaceship with dim lights . All of a sudden we heard a huge noise enough to shake a building and moments later the sound of sirens. Within seconds the spaceships lights became brighter and the lights were blue and white now and moving faster in a circle and the craft lifted 20 feet off the ground and was suspended in mid air with lights moving around very fast and within seconds went up another 30 feet stayed for about 5 seconds and shot up into the sky in a left angle. We immediately went outside the building down the stairs due to the noise of the sirens and we learned that the generator across the street had exploded and that was why the fire department was there..although we had our suspicions that it was the spacecraft that may have caused the explosion or maybe drew energy from the generator. There were three of us who witnessed this, only two of us talk about it.. The other person denies she ever saw it. 
From that moment I realized that religious fundamentalists were not ready for what science has to offer..changed my whole perspective about religion, and opened my brain to the belief that if we exist as humans on earth then beyond the galaxies there must exist other intelligent life form who may have had a hand in human existence. The speed at which that spaceship flew was beyond my understanding. There is undoubtedly a master architect of this universe.
