{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481994","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77976","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":15709,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/994/mufon-5481994.json","updb_database_id":5481994}
SEVERAL SIGHTINGS IN PORTUGUAL

CASE TRANSLATED TO ENGLISH FROM PORTUGUESE AND EMAILED TO L. FLECHTNER, FIELD INVESTIGATOR, TO FILE A REPORT.JULY 27, 2016 AT MUFON HQ IN NEWPORT BEACH,CA.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------
Introduction in Ingl1s: 
Besides These cases, there is Also collegues i met two "not human Beings". Maybe reptilians or something else but They taught me some things about Them. I met Them personnally. I met seperately Them And They passed me some knowledge. The first one i met in 2010. The second & last one i met in 2012. I never saw Them again. The cam to me, passed me whatever They had to pass me (knowledge) and i never saw Them again. The Way They teach is not vocally - by words - but by mind. I was lucky because, for the last 20 years of my live, i Studied spirituallity, so i was able to learn with Them, to understant some things Regarding Them and Earth. 
I was - kind of - born with some ability to "see before happens."

Besides all the Portuguese close encounters, the last one was on a summer 2013 in Portugal - in the city of Cascais where i saw a big "kind of cigar" - flying shape. It was big, it was moving slowly in the clear sky, just above the big supermarket called "Jumbo - Auchan" - in Cascais, it's color was all metal color shine like Stainless Steel. It had no windows, it was just a big metallic shining giant look "cigar - shape" UFO. I tried to take it a picture because it was moving relaly slow but unfortunately i have no camera - just a cheap cell phone and nothing cam in October.

Also just to say that: i don't use drugs, even i do not drink alcohol. I am vegetarian and I don't know if i have some kind of alien implant on me because when i was 13 years old, i was at the beach and felted something on my foot. Later my mother redbourn me to an X-Ray and i remember the doctor saying: 
Your sun has somekind of small strange body inside his foot but it seems not to bother at all so, let's not operating him. I am 53 years old and know i never felt any pain related to this small body. Maybe it was a needle from a fish? 
CASE 1
Faro Island Beach Faro August between 1986 and 1988

"Almost 30 years after this incident, I remember having told a good friend of mine who politely refused to believe, because he did not believe in UFOs;. Doubted and tried to find a logical explanation for my true if not I gave a lot of importance because the beholder is witness to something that others do not see later, after a few days, he calls me and tells me.: 
I believe everything you told me, as a friend of my great confidence, just report a similar case with your on the same beach. Now I believe you. "

The year is inaccurate, since nothing pointed about this my first report of a strange vessel at sea and two color gray aliens just a few meters away from me. 
Faro beach on Faro Island in August. 1986 or perhaps 1988. 
I was on vacation with his family in August, the municipal campsite of Faro, on the island of Faro. In front of the park there is a road and across the beach. 
That night, I decided to spend a few moments on the beach, it had been during the day with his back to the sun, needed to refresh them. I walked on the beach at around 22h00, my idea was to sit by the sea, but after the first steps in the sand, I noticed that in front of me were two gray color figures, behind a small sand dune . I thought were two lovers of the night; They moved the two bodies quickly and compulsively in a movement always circular. I decided not to bother and stayed at the beginning of the beach in silence, sitting and I began to admire the sea; the lights via the sea: The lights, which were of various colors: from one side to the other moved: the left side to the middle and on the right, various colors of lights were in the middle. I thought were small fishing boats but after a few minutes, I asked myself: lights with different colors in the sea? For what? The lights were yellow, orange, blue and other colors and when were they changed color. I found it strange but as did not want to disturb the shadows that moved in front of me - very quickly - I decided to stay there. But I found strange since moved up so quickly and were indefinite bodies, I saw only two gray bodies to move quickly, in rotary motion, one over the other. Suddenly, to my right, appears a couple of lovers who enters the beach, they were sideways to me at a distance of about 20 meters. These two lovers did not see me because the beach was deserted. They were taken steps slowly along the beach and stopped: I noticed that the man had a flashlight in his hand that turned and pointed to the sea ... 
At that time he points his flashlight into the sea, I thought: They will bother the two figures that are moving quickly behind the dune - even in front of me. And in that moment I look at the figures again that, in a split second, arose, and came together in a flash escaped to the left side of the beach covering about 200 meters in a second - or less - they 200 meters from the beach! Two gray figures came together to form one figure and 1 second or less made about 200 meters from the beach in a straight line and then saw them jump from the beach to the road. 
I remember all this as if it were today, as I got up quickly, after only have time to move my head to keep up with the speed with which they moved sideways and saw them jump into the road but then ... I did not see anything, they disappeared. 
He did not know what to do, his heart was pounding, I was nervous and enormous questions in my mind, I decided to approach me now from the sea. Quietly got close to the water, much to fear but wanted to watch those lights in the sea, I felt that they could have been related to the two super-fast figures gray color disappeared completely, leaving no trace. But the lights had already gone and when I approach the sea, I see what I think was a ship, a strange vessel was floating in the sea and was completely made of what appeared to be metal - new steel Stainless metal natural color shine steel. A little moonlight (moon) took me to see this object that was in the sea. He had a kind of rivets around, it was not because boats have boat mast and boat shape. That none of this had and it was all made of what looked like bright Stainless Steel. 
All this made me even more curious and questions but no answers and fear, decide leave the beach and go to my tent camping. The track is fast, just a minute and you enter the park and when I arrive at the beginning of the beach, with the road in front of me and the campsite on the other side, very slowly, start to hear a sound coming from the left side (left side because now I was back to earth and not the sea) direction I saw the two figures gray to jump to the road. The sound seemed to be a metal object and had a certain rhythm, a certain measure. That sound made me look and see two figures side-by-side that I thought were two men to walk side by side as assertadamente Two soldiers were without exchanging step, without delay each other or it forward step. All to the rhythm of the metal sound that was an object of the beings had with him and beat. For clothes, I thought that these were two beggars or two crazy but ... your clothes, what looked like rags of beggar, of various colors were and were these pieces of colors united to each other forming clothing: small pieces of fabric completely new and boiled bright color or joined to each other forming a costume for each. I found it strange, as they walked slowly as if robots, many erect, rigid and rights and with a certain measure by the subject of sound. I thought they had not seen me and finding it strange that clothing be as new and consists of numerous small color, decided to let them pass: that mommento not relate it to the figures from the beach, only I found it all very strange but I thought they might a crazy and evil by fear of them, I decided to let them pass. in front of me it was precisely the entrance of the park and when they playing that object came just ahead of the park in my direction 1lgulo, one of them, which was the road side, looked at me for a second and then .. I caught the biggest susta of my life! Even today, after these 30 years, I shudder, because the face that appeared to be human transfigured up and in that split second he looks at me - and that still did not stop his slow and certain cadence step - the face it was a monster! I not know how to describe! For only I had the courage to look for a second it was. The shock was so great that quickly hid: I was standing quickly and I remember saying: "ai" and a quick reflex downloaded myself thinking quickly, "let them go Let them go -!. Please do not hurt me !. I closed my eyes in fear and only mentalizava those words full of dread I was and after a few seconds, the long promenade that follows the road ... they were gone the sound was over and they disappeared the only thing I remember hearing in my mind - was later:. "forgets what you have seen!" 
The face of these things made me, it was just to scare me. 
And in fact, I never went back to that beach. To date, there never was. 
The next day, in the morning, even I asked my cousin which measures roughly 2 meters tall, long legs he has and how he played Basketball, I asked him for it go the point I saw the aliens to the point of the end of beach where we left them to see. Said to him, runs this route in the sand as quickly as possible, as if you were running to a goal. He asked me why and I told him, just run as soon as possible. He ran and calro that obviously it took much longer than the aliens to travel the same path: one second - if that was what the aliens took the travels that path of about 200 meters. Of course my cousin would never run 200 meters in a second ... but I honestly still do not want to believe it all. 
Only 10 years after this close encounter, I began to dedicate myself to spirituality. And obviously that reporting this to only a few people, everyone laughed at me but later a friend of mine who did not believe in UFOs, one day, I decided to tell you this true story. In the end he did not believe but past days, his friend was just telling her about strange lights in the sea, on the same beach on the island of Faro. Already a friend of mine told me that some fishermen were afraid to talk about it, maybe talk to a lot of fear, only the influence of alcohol, after drinking a good amount of alcohol (wine or beer) and then one or another fisherman spoke of strange lights in the same location. 
This my friend who did not believe in UFOS, came to believe and found it interesting that he already knows the MUFON. I did not know it was a chance - I will say I know your organization, because it was through a video channel History I saw the name of your organization and then decided to contact you. 
This was my first encounter. 
Here are now others. 

CASE 2 
The CLAWED ALIEN TO ME AND ALIEN IN SWITZERLAND - SION MAY 2009 
For many years of my life, even when I was younger, I knew I could guess the future, I, after studying spirituality, assubntos knew that no one else knew. 
Where does all this spiritual and information about the Earth or information about a specific event? 
These questions - as well as others, such as the power to heal people and children with cancer and other ailments, somehow born or were past me but ... how? 
My spiritual learning I believe I have not been enough to do so. 
Basically, since again, I always felt I was receiving Aliens information - directly on me, I had any kind of connection with extraterrestrial beings - they passed me information. I went to many spiritual Masters to explain me what was wrong with me but ... none could tell me what I had in me. 
I thought even one day have to go to a priest to bless me or do any kind of exorcism but never got to do any of this.

. "In 2009, for months, I felt my very stuck energy, it was as if my soul was missing me I decided to make a PMT query:. A pyramidal technique that was invented by a Swiss - I believe I explained to the therapist I was without vital energy for some time after the end of the consultation, the therapist tells me.: 
"You had an extraterrestrial being grabbed you, to suck or to wear your life energy. This is why he felt no energy. I sent be away, pulled it from itself. The being was not bad but the energy ET this being is very strong. This is why you know so much. " 
I was happy because already felt better, but a little sad too, because that is, the distance it was, passed me a lot of wisdom. After days, I went to Switzerland with Alice - a friend of mine Portuguese-Swiss nationality. 
We were in Sion, one of those hot days. Sion Valley - city of French canton is called "California Sion". This name is given because of the high temperatures in the summer can reach and ultrapasssar 42 degrees. This was one of those hot days. I was at the bar drinking just a sip of wine to make company to Alice my friend, her mother and stepfather. I do not drink, never liked alcohol and not smoking drugs. In a conversation I little understood in French, after about 30 minutes, my friend, comes up to me and whispers the following: 
- Do not look now to your left side but is a man I do not know whether a man or a man disguised alien to do some very strange questions to a customer here restaurant.

Covertly and slowly, without trying to attract attention, I looked at the strange man (who was standing) ... I realized it was no man, felt it was not human. He was dressed normally as if the heat would affect not: 
His face was not transpired, the skin even shone, he was very calm and the temperature that day reached 43 degrees and the time, did not bother him; not a drop of sweat or skin glowing. He was asking questions for us humans are strange questions and never do. 
The questions: 
"What do you feel when it's cold? 
How do you feel when it's hot? 
How it is that you temperature difference affects? 
How do you feel the temperature differences? "

Obviously that man (the restaurant customer) that was being questioned, nothing strange to those questions, since it was already a little "spilled" by the effect of the wine which took involved in the heat completely impossible to bear; all inclusive people I was perspiring. But I found it all very strange, and after looking at this being, man dress, told my friend Alice in a low voice: 
"He's not human, is Alien." 
And in that moment, the strange being realized our conversation, he felt that we were talking about it and calmly remained standing without moving, without the eye but when I looked again, their eyes were turned forward, started looking at my side but jogging covertly as you face when you do not want to attract attention only that his right eye looked at me and was moving like an eye of a chameleon. 
This was an alien I met identify that - as is normal in aliens, they try to stay calm, since many do not suffer from human emotions.
