{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-03-30 21:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5281994","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121477","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3626,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/994/mufon-5281994.json","updb_database_id":5281994}
Amber spherical orb hovering over horizon a few miles away to the NW of our standing. Object seemed to pulse and separate into two spheres & disappear

A few nights nights ago we watched the Aurora storm in Eastern Washington. Specifically, Hanford, Washington! (Home of Northwest Energy nuclear power.) Literally the road the facility is on, next to the cooling reactors. We pass them a bit to find a dip down the road and park on the side. (A road away from LIGO. We actually have to pass the LIGO facility on our way home from this spot we go to look at the stars.)  

We specifically drove to a spot where we dipped into the road to avoid light pollution from the city. This was shocking to us but also, we’re used to the stories and didn’t feel threatened. So we “took it with a grain of salt”.

Thing is, cars pass often. We have never seen these lights before! These were amber in color. With a red outline. Not white, like the car lights. You can see in the photos the light over the horizon, as a car is approaching. We didn’t get video of it disappearing as the car passed it! But we ALL saw it. 

My 9 year old son saw it. My boyfriend saw it. We all saw and watched the same thing. we took photos and video of it. It was a few miles away from us, north west from where we were parked. 

When we drove home, we had to drive that direction to turn left on another road (where LIGO is). There were no buildings or lights around on the top of the hill there. It was near the horizon, not in the “sky”, we assumed the orb to be atop the hill, hovering. No noise… just us talking and cars driving. 

As we saw the orb turning and circling itself, split and merge, to then disappear. Our eyes saw more than our camera. But, the camera picked up the colors more than our eyes! As it did with the Aurora!

*My son and I watching “Aliens in Alaska” episode 3 Night Stalkers just now as I’m typing, says “THAT’S WHAT WE SAW!” (Well, when we saw the two orange orbs on T.V.)

I hope this can be added to your logs or you can share any information our way to further explain this phenomenon. Thank you for taking the time to read our story and look/study our experience/evidence. We look forward to hearing from you in more detail.
