{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-21 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506994","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51740","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4034,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/994/mufon-5506994.json","updb_database_id":5506994}
{dr}Very bright star like sphere, flys by, dims, changes direction and dissapears

I was standing on the deck at my parents house, around 8:15 Oct, 22, 2013, and noticed this strange light flying through the sky. It was rather large for a plane light, made no sound, and was not blinking, nor were there any other blinking lights around it, trying to in my mind, make out to be an aircraft of some sorts, but this was a solid light, unlike regular plane lights. 

I was looking north, literally at a view of Mt. Saint Helens, and it lasted for only a few seconds. It flew by slowly, then expecting it to simply go behind the tree line, instead, it dimmed and almost seemed to change direction, size, and shape at the same time, direction along the same path, but smaller, was an abrupt angle I felt directly away from me. It went smaller rather abruptly, and instead of a symmetrical getting smaller, it just disappeared, like it just jumped to severely high velocity.

The object was a brilliant white light, when it dimmed, it seemed to be red or green, Im partially color blind, but clearly it was a color, and it went to almost a disc type of shape, happened too quickly to make out the shape exactly in its dimmed state.

When it disappeared, immediately first thought came to mind, "interesting", then a feeling of uneasiness, and even anger later that night, could not get much sleep and part of it is this alien thing that just decided its going to fly into the area with impunity. I so wish we had something that could just snatch these things out of the sky, or at the very least, they would find a way to put people at ease, regardless of their origin, to identify themselves so it doesnt feel like this outsider/stranger is just going to drop in and to nowhere unaccounted.

I continued to scan the sky for about 15-20 minutes, and within 15, a strange helicopter/jet thing flew overhead, it was night so couldnt make out what it was in full, by I could hear prop and jet noise coming from it, but it had this dampening type of thing going on, which reduced the sound significantly, and made it sound just odd. I could tell the latter, this thing was man made, the former, that glowing thing, not of this earth. I continued to scan and about 5 minutes later, a jet flew overhead, different trajectory, was run of the mill, but I needed to make sure my eyes were not playing tricks on me, and I needed that immediate visual of normal plane lights compared to this thing.

I have a background in aerodynamics, I know a plane when I see one, and I know if something is even strange like that heli, being man made and all sorts of exotic designs have been prevy to, no aircraft of any kind can move like that thing, and all require safety lights, the lack of those safety lights was what caught my attention and had my study it in the sky.

I did post the sighting to facebook, right afterwards, while it was fresh in my mind, and it was awkward to do, something that is not supposed to be there, plays tricks on ones mind, and to share it, I can see why people are reluctant to do so, there is a whole dynamic going on and why people keep these to themselves.

There have been rumors along black helis in the area, and even specific mountains that have plenty of activity towards that aspect, visit Yacolt Wa., some time UFO people, you may spot something yourself, this area is known for being a hot spot in that regards.
