{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490994","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68580","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2783,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/994/mufon-5490994.json","updb_database_id":5490994}
{rjl} Four stationary craft changing colors.

I have two witnesses!! 1st: Around 11pm, my brother and I we're out back having a smoke break. I looked up and pointed out the flicketing "star" to my brother. The same one I see all the time. These things we're extra active that night. My brother looked and looked, then got a shocked look on his face and jolted back. He said "they're real". Same thing I did on my first sighting. 
We observed this one turn red, blue, green, and white. Adam has better eyes than me. He could see 5 small red lights surrounding this thing that I could not see very well. We stepped into the street to get a better look. Adam started looking around the sky and we saw two more, kind of flickering and pulsating red, blue, green & white. He told me, "John, people are going to think we're crazy." I said, yes they will. 
Then I asked Adam if he wanted to see another one. He looked at me with a weird look. So I took him out front. There, we saw another star like object that is there every night. Tonight it was pulsating between light blue, light green & white. No red on this one that night.
So, my brother went home, got my Mom to go outside to check it out. She also saw 5 small red lights around the color changing, pulsating, flickering star. Since then, they have been checking out the night sky and have seen these objects do more strange thing. They we're watching a couple nights ago and saw it change colors and saw a light beaming out of it, I guess, and rotate around it to one side. My brother also saw a star turn into 2 smaller lights and fly off in two different directions. Just like I did a couple months ago. They don't know what to think, but I do. I told them all they have to do is really look. otherwise at a glance, you will think these are stars. UFO's are over Huthinson
disguised as stars. There is no other explanation for the activity that I have seen around here fairly steadily since last year.
I really think you guys should come down here with a telescope hooked to a lap top and spend a couple nights checking this crazy stuff out.
I'm sorry I don't have equiptment good enough to take night videos. I'm working on it.
