{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-19 01:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521994","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34205","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2937,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/994/mufon-5521994.json","updb_database_id":5521994}
UFO Sighting in the Upstate this Morning

I normally would never do this, but I feel as though these things should be reported in some way, for the simple purpose of recording them.

To begin, I have recently become attuned to certain aspects of ESP (unintentionally). I mention this because seeing this object brought on a familiar psychological reaction that would normally come with intense concentration on a fellow human or object. The mere sight of this object made me drawn to it; where I had to observe it relentlessly. This was before I realized it was a UFO.

I was gazing up at the stars on a clear, cold night when I noticed an especially bright light. It had the appearance of a star, when viewed from a distance, though there was a certain glow and aura emitting from it. Having caught my eye, I positioned myself in a vantage point that allowed me to monitor slight movements of the object (by contrasting it with a nearby rooftop in my line of vision). 

After a few minutes, I determined that the object wasn't a plane due to it's weird vertical and horizontal hovering motions. The nearest airport that would require a plane to hover for an extended period such as this was over 60 miles away.

There seemed to be a small trails of light coming from the object, forming what looked to be a boomerang type shape (or a rounded mountain top). The light trails would taper off on each respective end of the boomerang. The trails themselves gave off a spectral rainbow glow (this glow is what caused the object to catch my eye in the first place). 

The object slowly moved out of my view, so I went outside my apartment for a better vantage point. I re-spotted the hovering light and continued to observe it. After a few minutes, I decided to run into my apartment and grab my camera. Returning outside no more than 30 seconds later, the light was completely gone. For some reason, I knew this would happen. The instant I walked inside the feeling that I had felt left me and I knew the object would be gone upon my return. I checked around the rest of the sky and there was no trace or sign of the light. The total time of observation was approximately 10-15 minutes, while the object itself had already been hovering in the sky when it was spotted.

I've never seen or have expected to see a UFO before this sighting.
