{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-21 22:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292994","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110322","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2197,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/994/mufon-5292994.json","updb_database_id":5292994}
Observed 3 distinct flashes in one point in the sky about 6 to 8 seconds apart.

Looking for comet NEOWISE I was trying to show my mother who was out looking up with me standing to my right on our driveway. We were lookin at Arcturus (discussing where the comet would be in the sky) when just to its left I saw this fairly bright flash a little brighter than Arcturus in the vicinity of 31 Boo the star making up the right feet of Bootes. We started saying “did you see that flash?” Well, I said that. And my mother did see it and commented how bright it was and strange it was not visible again. When all of sudden it did it again and this time I was looking directly at it. Same spot. Iridium flare came to mind but this was clearly not an iridium flare. Then exactly at the same spot. Then 8 seconds later it flashed again. This time I noticed the flash seemed to radiate from the inside out in a millisecond. Round in shape. Then we kept saying “you did see that right?” And “don’t take your eyes off of that location”. But that was it. 3 bright strange flashes. Same place in the sky. No movement like a satellite would. No flare up and down in brightness like an iridium flare. Really weird. I am familiar with sky objects and have observed many many satellites and iridium flares and this was non of them. I know what high flying drones look like and sound like. This was silent and a ways out there in space. Or was it? I’ve not seen anything like it. My mother was also amazed and excited by this observation. Clearly unidentifiable in the far distant. Couldn’t see NEOWISE tho.
