{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-01 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482994","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76949","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2177,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/994/mufon-5482994.json","updb_database_id":5482994}
Triangular ufo with red lights at each point and a row of red and orange lights across the cackling. Had a glass dome underneath with like molten liquid or flames churning around inside the glass dome on the center of the triangle. Completely silent and

I was visiting my mom with my two daughters and was leaving her house around 7:30 on a very clear dark winter evening. It was a Sunday evening. Came to a junction at thd end of her street and stopped tI check for on coming traffic when I noticed a re light passing above my car. At first I thought it was an aeroplane but it wax very low and moving very slowly so I asked my eldest daughter if she could see it and she said yes what is it? I said o didn't know so we got put of the car to have a look and it was then that I noticed the lights at each point and a large glowing circular part underneath which was like a glass dome with molten liquid churning or spinning and changing direction much like a washing machine doing its cycle.it wax completely silent and just gliding very slowly overhead. My daughter asked me again what it was and I told her it must be a ufo because whatever it was didn't look like it was made anywhere on this planet. Just the shear size of it and the fact that it was barley moving and completely silent made me wonder how it managed to stay up in the sky. My youngest daughter stayed in yhe cat and crying hysterical when she seen it. I think maybe because I was do excited about what it was may have scared her. It just kept moving in a straight line until it went out if sight behind some trees in the skyline.
