{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-08-01 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501994","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57030","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3166,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/994/mufon-5501994.json","updb_database_id":5501994}
{cak} Flawless formation no sound or exhaust emitted/glare from rear/glide

A while after dinner on an early summer evening while watching TV in the living room I heard my mother call me from the front door. She was pointing to the low skyline and what I witnessed threw me for a loop and haunts me to this day. There above in the low skyline was a couple of objects in a semi-circular formation gliding slowly in a way I never witnessed before or since. Their formation was too perfect and there was absolutely no sound or exhaust of any kind emitted. Initially my thoughts were I was looking at a helicopter formation except we did not hear any sound whatsoever. And their shape was unlike any plane or jet I ever saw. Their shape from the rear was hard to pinpoint but was slightly circular possibly oval (the years gone by have diminished my exact remembrance of their shape).
There was a slight reddish and dim white glare or haze from the rear which appeared to cover most of the rear of these objects and hindered your ability to pinpoint their shape exactly. My mother was speechless and I heard my neighbors children scream "mom dad UFO". When our neighbors father came to their front porch he looked up and said "holy s**t" he told his son to go get the camera fast. The formation was gliding not flying (if that makes any sense) and seemed to be in no rush to get somewhere. My heart was pounding through my chest and I remember asking my mom what did she think. She replied something to the affect of I think their goddam UFO's. We lived within four miles of the former DOW Air Force Base in Bangor Maine (was De-commissioned in the late sixties to early seventies) and reopened as an Air National Guard base until this day. So we witnessed jets and various military aircraft flying over our houses every day. Also the Bangor airport is on the Air Guard base. 
The Air National Guard Base in Bangor Maine is a major radar sight (Over the Horizon to be exact) so I've always wondered if these UFO's were picked up by that radar. I must also add that I served three years in the US ARMY (1994-1997) as a Stinger missile crew-member and as such had to be certified to identify multitudes of aircraft. Never saw any aircraft before or since like those that summer day. Unfortunately no pictures were taken that I am aware of because it was over so fast and we were literally stunned. I am only interested in finding out if this was witnessed by anybody else that evening or was it possibly reported. I was afraid of not being believed so I did not report this incidence.
