{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-12 17:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489994","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69606","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3097,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/994/mufon-5489994.json","updb_database_id":5489994}
{rjl} Mothership over My Home, Black Boxes size of Rooms, 3 Ships, Missing Time.

During renovating my home, I stepped out of my French doors off of my bedroom to light a cigarette, once I did. I looked up and was in shock to see a craft so large it took my breath away, it was so gigantic, it covered my home and the homes of three of my neighbors, all I could do was to look at the bottom of this mother ship, it was the color of a DeLorean. There was know screws, opening, pipes, or rivet. I notice it was over three of my neighbors homes, all one story tall. It was so close to my home, I thought to myself that it was to press on it's accelerator it would crush our homes. I continue to look up directly over my head and noticed three yellow lights, like on a car, on the side of the ship. I did notice the tree vibrating in my neighbors yard. Then only, once looking over to my neighbors house directly to my left did I see blue sky. This all took place in or about 5 minutes. 
Then I went screaming through the house, for my Husband "John", out the front door of the house only to see John and two other men that was delivering my furniture from J.C. Penny's just stand there blinking as if they were not aware of me or me screaming. I then turned around running back into the house back into the den, right next to my bedroom went back outside and the ship was gone. I was in shock for the rest of that day, and when my husband came in I was questioning why he was just standing there not answering me, an all he could say is that he did not hear me. I remember going to bed, and the next morning I jumped out of my bed, running to the mirror to see if I was burned, because on the T.V. talking about UFO'S, you hear of other's that have been close to a ship, receiving radiation burn's, but I did not. Only a couple of day's later I now have a red inflammation on my right arm. The one I was holding my cigarette in that day. This is not the end of this story. About 2 week later, I had asked my husband "John" to please bring his military night vision glasses home for me to use, and so he did. It was pitch black outside and we both step back outside our French doors out of my bedroom. I placed the night vision glasses to my face and by god, if this time it was huge black boxes over my head, they were so close to me that if I had a ball in my hand, I could have hit them. The first one came into view, and was twirling, dropping, spinning, and then came the second one. It doesn't stop here.
