{"collection":"UPDB-BAASS","document_date":"2009-09-11 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-baass-report-6053074","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"B-013","source_file":"UPDB-BAASS/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":6053074,"updb_source":"BAASS"}
1 Large Triangular Craft Hit Witness With A Light Beam Before Flying Off, Accompanied By 4 Smaller Objects. . Witness Reports That He Saw 5 Low Flying Helicopters Circling His House On 13 Sep. He Also Reports Having Been Visited By 2 Federal Agents At 7 Am On 13 Sep

Catalog Entry: B-013
Time of day: Night
Weather: Cloudy
Shape: Large: Triangular, Smaller: 1 Star, 1 Round, 2 Egg Shaped
Size meters: 91M (300') Long
Trajectory (Lift / Propulsion): Direction: S to SW (smaller objects)
 Movement: Object was observed making several maneuvers that witness knows is not possible with modern aviation capabilities. Large object was motionless, hovering, and displayed the image of the sky on the bottom. Smaller objects seen moving up and down away from the larger triangular object, descending down into the woods behind a tree in the witness' back yard. After smaller objects headed in a S by SW direction, the larger object rotated up on its end and faced straight up and down. From this view larger object looked like a black rod with 2 smaller objects beside it. The objects were about 200 yards away before they suddenly shot straight up and out of sight.
 Speed:
 Distance: 122 m (400 ft)
 Altitude: 18 m - 46 m (60'-150')
 Angle of Observation:
 Effects: None of the crafts displayed any sort of vapour trail. However right before the large craft disappeared, a 'swirly' thing appeared int he sky. The 'swirly' thing had a large black centre with diameter of 46m (150'). The cloud-like swirl around the black center spread out beyond that about 122m (400'). There were no lights or sounds coming from this swirl. The triangular craft, 2 round crafts entered teh swirl together and disappeared. The swirl itself contiued to shrink in size, until it too disappeared.
 
Nature of Phenomenon: Count: 5: 1 large, 4 smaller
 Color:
 Surface:
 Windows:
 
Light Emissions: Yellowish/Orange Light At Each Of The 3 Points, And A Large Bluish-White Light In The Middle. There Were Alo 2 Oval And 2 Round Looking Lights Moving About In The Craft (Yellow In Color). The Witness Then Pointed A Spotlight Beam Onto The Triangle, And The Object Simultaneously Projected An Intense Bluish White Light Onto Witness Causing A Burning Sensation On His Skin.
Materials Recovered: Yes: Biological (Finger Nail Clippings, Hair Samples, Skin Swabs, Blood Draw, Wood Samples
Physiological Effects: Yes: At One Point The Craft Was Right Above Him. The Craft Shone A Light Down On Him For 2 Second Causing A 'Burning' Sensation On His Skin. The Next Day He Then Fell Ill All Day, Experiencing Nausea, Extreme Fatigue, And A "Copper Penny"-Like Taste In His Mouth. He Also Later Developed A Red Rash On The Back Of His Neck (Resembling A Sunburn) As Well As A Small Bald/Thinning Spot Where The Beam Hit Him. He Attempted To Vomit But Could Not. His Neck And Shoulders Were Tender To The Touch. He Also Reports That His Back Hist More (Causation Not Determined, Could Be Due To A Change In The Weather).
Animal Reactions: Yes: 2 Dogs Were Barking In An Aggressive Manner (Pitbull And Beagle). Both Were Looking Upwards, And The Larger Of The Dogs Had A Chain Pulled Taut. This Dog Was Also Standing On His Hind Legs While Barking. Since The Incident, The Dobs Have Acted Normally
