{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501374","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57684","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3612,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/374/mufon-5501374.json","updb_database_id":5501374}
{cak} Four of us see fire ball approaching from S/W. continues to N/E in 5 minutes. At N/E position, becomes a grey orb. Disappears into cloud.

UFO Sighting? 

Sunday evening, June 8, 2014 around 7 PM (pre-dusk). My wife and I had two guests over for dinner. We were on the back porch of our farm house. Although the sky was slightly overcast we were able to see clearly into the distance.

Our farmhouse back porch runs north & south. We were seated at the south end of the porch and I was on the chair facing south. At one point, I looked up and saw a bright orange orb in the distance. I instantly alerted the others to follow me to the lawn where we could better see what this was. It was obvious that the fire ball was heading our way. I can't say how far away it was but I can give a good idea how big it was to my eye. If I extended my arm out in front of me and separate my thumb and forefinger, 3/8" to 1/2" that would indicate the visual size.

The fire ball, as I first thought of it, was round with no tail whatsoever even though it was moving quickly through the atmosphere. I later compared it to the tip of a hot poker heated to a glowing orange with a yellow, maybe even yellow/white center. To my eye, the perimeter was not smooth. What I saw was a flame-like pattern at the edge which was tight like teeth of a circular saw blade. I saw no movement of the edge pattern which I would expect from a fire ball in earth's atmosphere.

The object continued in a straight line from south to north. No doubt, it must have been larger now but it didn't seem to be significantly larger than when I first saw it. Again, it was impossible to judge how far away it was from us. What we saw must have been a solid craft of some sort to perform in this manner. We all agreed that it was moving faster than most airplanes but it was completely silent and was certainly not an airplane.

Soon, it was far off to the north. It seemed further away from us now than when I first saw a small medium grey sphere with, as I recall, a thin, dark, horizontal line where the equator on a globe would be. I also recall two tiny lights towards the bottom of the sphere spaced out towards the outer edge. I am a little vague about the lights but I still think I saw them. It also occurred to me that the grey disk could have been a retinal after image. The horizontal line and possible blinking lights make me trust that this was not a retinal trick. I was able to watch the disk continue in the same direction for 5 to 10 seconds until it seemed to go into the light grey clouds and disappear.

To use my extended arm measure again, the fire ball must have been much smaller now because when it suddenly disappeared and the disk was there in its place, the disk seemed to be about the same size as the fire ball but now it was little more than 1/8" by my estimation when it became invisible. 

My wife and I saw a similar fire ball when returning home from the movies one night last Fall in the early evening.
