{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-18 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527374","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28255","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3966,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/374/mufon-5527374.json","updb_database_id":5527374}
walking my dogs in apple hill orchards in Camino California; saw ufo at high altitude

I was walking late afternoon; in applehill on Hiddenvalley lane. a partly sunny and cloudy day. I am a skywatcher all my life. This is my 3Rd. sighting in my lifetime. All have been daytime sightings. I am a 48 year old woman. was heading back to the car and looked up and there was a circle at a fairly high altitude; but i could still make out a clear shape.It was a circle/disk shape that just stayed there. It made no noise. i said to myself; wow here's another UFO again! I felt like it could see me also. I stared at it for a good minute to 2 minutes at the most and then it literally disapeared. It did not move to take off; it just like it was gone. a few minutes later a jet flew about the same altitude; but it had wings; tail; tip; ect. and had the "aftersound" of a jet. The UFO made no noise whatsoever.
My first sighting was at about the age of 10. It was in Sacramento; Cal. and was a disk with what appeared to be windows; but could have been just the shape and design. I was with my friend susan. She also remembers it till this day.
The sighting before this recent one was about 6 years ago. In placerville calif. a 15 minute drive from Apple hill. We were driving right off hwy 50; my daughter and i both saw this one and pulled the car over and got out. and we said do you see what i see?..At a low/medium altitude were TWO disks side by side. plain as day. it' was about an hour before dark. They made no noise either. then faded out of sight or disapeared; it was hard to tell. This was near the intersection of Forni rd. and hwy 50.
I just found a verse in the Bible. I am a christian...people always ask me wow how come i never see anything like that; and i may have found the answer...Jesus said; I am not of this world!
I found this in the bible in II Kings chapter 6 verses 16; 17; 18
and he answered; Fear not for "they" be with us; are more than they that be with them; and Elisha prayed; and said; Lord; i pray thee; open his eyes that he may see. and the Lord opened his eyes of the young man;and he saw:and behold; the mountain was full of horses and chariots of fire round about Elisha!!! and when they CAME DOWN to him; Elisha prayed unto the Lord; and said; Smite this people with blindness; and he smote them with blindness according to the word of Elisha...
You should read the whole chapter.
That same chapter also talks about an axe falling into the water; and the iron did swim!!! (anti-gravity) The who bible is full of clouds that talk; take up Jesus; glow at night and a pillar by day; ect... it goes on and on.
Jesus when he accended into the "CLOUDS" said he would be back the way he accended; all the signs are here that Jesus said the world condition would be.One of the signs is"signs from the sky"!!!
I believe Ufo's are Angels; good and bad...as in demons or fallen angels; and the guardian angels that modern man talks about; comes from a verse that says; i will give my angels charge round about you ;to guard you in all your ways!
i believe; because of the II kings chapter 6 that only certain people can see them. that they may be there all the time..and maybe the walk in apple hill were my angels watching out for me and telling me that they are here and not to worry.
Read that bible...all you UFO folks! enjoy.
