{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-05 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514374","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43850","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3098,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/374/mufon-5514374.json","updb_database_id":5514374}
(GS) Triangle-shaped object flew overhead in a straight line, moving very fast, disappeared into horizon,

I was with three friends in a car at about 10:30 last Monday night, November 5th 2012. I was in the passenger seat. My best friend, who was driving, and I were just casually talking when a light caught our eye from out the windshield, closer to the passenger side of the car. It was a triangular-shaped object that flew overhead, roughly in the same direction that we were headed. It appeared to be flying fairly low, only a few hundred feet, if that. It was in the shape of an isosceles triangle, with the two "sides" being about 1.5 times longer than the "base". At all three points in the triangle there were lights, a white-yellow color. There did not appear to be any engine system of exhaust coming from the object. It was too dark to notice any other details about the object (windows, symbols, etc). However, the moon was about 3/4 full, waning, and we could clearly see the outline of the object. It moved very fast, faster than any aircraft Ive seen fly overhead (whether at a high or low altitude). We heard no noise, and within approximately two seconds it was gone from our eyesight as it flew over the trees and into the horizon. My friend and I both said to each other "Did you just see that?" (the two people in the back seat werent looking at the time and didn't see it at all). We both debated what it could have been, possibly a low-flying meteor close to hitting the ground. I had never seen a triangular-shaped meteor before, and I looked up on my phone if there was a meteor shower on November 5th. The 5th was several weeks away from the previous and next meteor showers. Admittedly, I am not an avid UFO theorist; I am skeptical about them and have my doubts. I mean, if there are intelligent species out there, unless they have developed some technology we are not aware of and could travel faster than the speed of light, it would take them thousands or more years to reach us. Anyway, all Im trying to say is Im not immediately jumping to the conclusion that it was an alien spacecraft. Im trying to approach the situation as logically and rationally as I can. I just thought I should share this experience, because Im sure there are other people out there who can relate to this story. I read another report from Georgia earlier this year and the description was nearly identical to what we saw. Overall, the experience was both intriguing and slightly frightening.
