{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-21 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522374","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33692","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2301,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/374/mufon-5522374.json","updb_database_id":5522374}
Lighthouse Effect then flash Over Gulf

While sitting in my yard stargazing looking SW towards the Gulf around 8:30pm. I was waiting and hoping for some meteor activity. I have noticed a lot (4 in a week) of shooting stars lately between sunset and 10pm.
It was a beautiful clear evening. I was looking at the same pulsing blue star that I have enjoyed for years when all of a sudden I saw a dim white glow about 15D SW of the blue star. I immediately switched my focus on that glow that gradually got brighter and brighter all while staying stationary. The glow got larger and brighter and then it flashed a brilliant white light that made me see spots as you would get from a camera flash at a short distance.
After the flash it dimmed and got smaller and then at amazing speed it either headed south or plunged down. My depth perception was affected by the flash, I had to rub my eyes to get full focus back.
I can only describe it as a lighthouse because of the way it faded in, flashed then faded out before it moved and disappeared. I have never seen a aircraft move as fast as this light did.
Being the skeptic that I am, I immediately tried to debunk what I just witnessed. I have ruled out every feasible possibility. My first thought was that it was a spotlight from a helicopter but the rate of speed ruled that out. Then I thought it could be a meteor, but since it did not move for 10-15 seconds and then move at such a fast rate of speed ruled that out as well. My other thoughts of what it was just seem to irrational to admit to.
It has been a week since the sighting and I have been watching the same area with nothing new to report. It was one of the few things that I can not explain.
