{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-05-12 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548374","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"10756","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6574,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/374/mufon-5548374.json","updb_database_id":5548374}
They want to help us with Earth changes but we must REJECT WAR first

I was driving home Monday night after watching the Twins game over at a friends house. Coming E on I-94 as I neared the bridge over the White Bear Lake exit I saw what at first was a bright light off in the distance. My first impression was that it was a star, but as I neared I was aware that the object was below the upper atmosphere. My next impression was that it must be a plane, but I did not see any blinking lights. The object remained stationary so I then assumed it must be a helicopter (again with no blinking lights, however), as soon as I thought this, as if on cue, the craft glided across the sky in a manner unlike any terrestrial craft.

The craft first appeared over the 3M build (approx.) and now it was hovering just over the freeway. As I neared (there was no fear what-so-ever) I noticed that it was certainly a boomerang shaped craft with the light stemming from the rear apex of the V shape. I could see the craft below, and part of it above the light, so the light was certainly coming from the rear of the craft. Being an artist, I had to admit that the design was incredibly seamless, as though it was one large solid object. The design was simple yet elegant, smooth -- something Michelangelo or DaVinci would have found awe inspiring (as well as the former head of Lockheed Martin).

I ran home to tell my mother. She was excited, because as I already was aware, she had seen an UFO in the exact same area over the freeway many years ago when I was just a child. She had to get cigarettes, so we hopped in her car, hoping to see the craft again. As we drove back over the freeway I was surprised to see that the craft was still there, only now it had moved South and was hovering over a local park where I go jogging every day.

My mom, acting unusually calm, stopped to get cigarettes and gas. I wanted to hurry over to the park, but she reassured me that she knew they would still be there. About 10-15mins later we pulled into the parking lot adjacent to the park where I last saw the craft.

At this point we saw nothing. Just as we were about to give up and just go home, my mother noticed a light in the upper atmosphere brighter than the other stars. As soon as I saw it too it started moving. My first impression was that it was a satellite, but it began to move BACK AND FORTH making patterns in the sky, then it started traveling in a circle, making it wider with each pass. Then it traveled downwards, only slightly, then went back up into the atmosphere. A large flash came from the ground, like a camera flash but was more a pillar of light -- this, I understood, was why the craft had to leave and remain in the upper atmosphere (you may come to your own conclusions as to what this means).

The craft continued to make patterns for several minutes, all the time sending an incredible feeling through my body (like a warm/cool breeze flowing through my solar plexus; odd that it is warm and cool at the same time, yet it is pure joy). We watched them for several minutes. At one point -- just to test our communication -- I pointed up at the craft and asked if it could move to the point in the sky as I move my finger a few inches over, and INCREDIBLY IT DID! My mother and I were very excited after this because this was now a greeting, not just a sighting. The light continued to make patterns and dance until our necks were just too sore to look up anymore.

Returning home (less than a mile away), I had to wake up my wife to tell her. Incredibly enough, the light was still there. I had my wife come out and the craft moved around a bit for her so that she could witness the event as well. This was directly over my house! Next thing we did was to call my brother.

My brother drove over to take my mother and I out for a late dinner (we are all night-owls). As we left the house (as my brother's car pulled up) the light was no longer in that area of the sky, confirming that it most certainly was not a star. At the nearby Denny's I told my brother what we experienced, quietly of course. Admittedly, both my mother and I were in a state of bliss, almost drunk with joy, if you will. After about an hour long meal, I figured "what the heck" lets go back to the park and see if they will say hello for my brother.

We returned to the parking lot. At first we saw nothing, but sure enough, after a few minutes we saw a bright light. It moved around. I pointed my finger again to show my brother and it did move again to the spot I pointed to! Then we saw a second light, and then a third. Each one of them moved around for a bit until we confirmed the sighting, then the 3 craft stopped in position, making a large triangle shape in the sky.

Strangely enough, we saw the craft shoot a beam of light (a small straight line of light) back and forth between the craft, the best way to describe it was like the two craft were playing catch with each other. The feeling I got from these beings is that they are extremely enlightened, benign beings, very playful...almost like children with an adult-like sense of responsibility. We also saw the EMP flashes coming from the ground up, like lightning only it was a pillar of light flashing upwards.

We all know that there will be major changes across the globe due to global warming, this is no secret. The impression I get from this contact is that they want to help us, but we must REJECT WAR first! We must, these technologies are too incredible to be put in the wrong hands! We don't have much time, we cannot afford to go into the next century and still maintain a paradigm of war, which amounts to mass murder and even annihilation. We have an incredible future ahead, we as a society must be willing to embrace it. This message is more important that the sighting, for it is the reason behind the contact.

This was a contact witnessed by myself and 3 other witnesses throughout the night.
