{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-06-09 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452374","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109270","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3058,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/374/mufon-5452374.json","updb_database_id":5452374}
I was abducted twice. 2 days apart. Time was lost, I was not asleep. I remember being put back in my bed but could not move. I saw the bright lights

20 years ago I was abducted twice. My mother lived in the same house. She was also abducted twice at the same time. I was not asleep. I saw very bright lights through my window where no cars would be able to travel. Out house bordered 100's of acres of forest service in the middle of a mountain away from everything. Dogs and children hated that property. I was renting. The home owner was building their dream home and abruptly left and the reasoning didn't make sense until we were abducted. I was trying to have a baby. I had 1 still born child and 3 miscarriages at this point. After the abduction I was able to conceive and have healthy children. After being in my bed entirely awake but unable to move and realising what was happening I had the strongest unexplainable feeling like nothing I ever experienced, that they were here to help me and I should not be scared it was stronger than intuition or any 6th sense. I felt my body being put back together, almost like I was taken through the ceiling atom by atom then put back together atom by atom. I knew that they would be back in 2 days and they did come back. Same thing, bright lights, loss of time, extreme feelings of comfort and loss of body movement beyond being scared stiff. I could NOT scream although I tried very hard. We moved shortly after these abductions. Never tested soil or such. Back then I was terrified to talk to anyone about this or come forward except my mom because she experienced the same thing. I believe they took her on accident. She had a hysterectomy and her experience was not as in depth as mine was. Although she had the same overwhelming peaceful message feeling as I did. She also felt that they were interested in our reproduction capabilities. I felt like not only did that fix me so I could have children but I also feel like took my eggs😟. I was abducted during my ovulation time also. The ets I witnessed were gray with very large eyes and extremely long arms and fingers. That didn't speak to me or the other being a through vocal words. It was through mind to mind thought sharing of some kind. ... hard to explain. Since the abduction I have seen a few strange things in the starts at night that changed flight patterns and bolted off in another direction that was flying was to fast to be anything I can explain.
