{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1972-03-01 13:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486374","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73337","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5517,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/374/mufon-5486374.json","updb_database_id":5486374}
{rjl} Cigar shaped object being chased by USAF from Barksdale AFB.

Some background on Ruston, Louisiana. It sits approximately 70 miles to the east of Shreveport, Louisiana where Barksdale Air Force Base is located. During the early 1970s, it was habitual for the Air Force to send fighter jets out on short runs and/or test flights. During these flights, they would surpass the speed of sound and cause a sonic boom over the small town of Ruston. Every single time this happened, the glass panes of the windows throughout the house would rattle in their frames. And every time we were all home, my mother would always say something about the base buying new windows for the house if they kept shaking the entire town with those sonic booms.

Having just moved to Ruston in the summer of 1971, it was still a novelty for my siblings and me to hear the jets, so we would always look to the sky whenever we heard them flying overhead.

So, in the spring of 1972, while at school, we were led outside to exercise on the football field during PE. It was a bright, sunny day, with few clouds, if any. 

Shortly after we got onto the field, we heard fighter jets overhead. So, naturally, I looked up. In front of the the two jets was a cigar shaped object that looked as long as the football field (300' or more). It had no sound, no shadow and no windows. (If it had windows, I didn't see any because the only real view I got of the craft was it's underbelly.) If it were not for the sound of the jets, I don't think any one of us outside that day would have thought twice to look up in the sky.

What I remember of the craft is that it was almost black...a very dark brown. The metal did not look smooth because it was so dull (no shine to it at all), but there were no visible seams in the metal whatsoever. As a matter of fact, there were no protrusions on the craft at all. I didn't see anything to suggest seams in the metal, or screws or any type of opening like where a door or window would be (like a person can see on a low flying airplane). 

As for not casting a shadow, it may have been its flight path that kept its shadow from being noticeable. Also, there were wooded areas around the football field that may have helped camouflage its shadow. 

It did strike me as strange that there were only two jets chasing the craft. The base may have sent more jets than that, but I only saw two. And it did look like they were having trouble keeping up with the craft.

What I find oddest about this incident was that none of my classmates talked about it. Once the jets flew over, the teacher continued with the class as if nothing out of the ordinary had happened. And I may have eventually forgotten about it altogether if it weren't for the fact that my sister and I did tell our parents about it that evening. 

Of course, our parents were very intrigued. I actually think that my father was somewhat disappointed that he had missed what we had seen. At one point, our mother had my sister draw the object for her. Once mother realized what we saw, she told us a story about her grandmother.

One afternoon during the Civil War, my great grandmother was working in the vegetable garden when she noticed a large shadow slowly move across the land. Since she didn't feel a breeze, she looked up into the sky and saw a cigar shaped object.

She thought it was a chariot of God because she saw a lot of soldiers from the war lined up against the windows of the craft. She thought she was looking at an angel taking soldiers up to heaven.

After that, we never really talked about either incident again. Until a few weeks ago when I was talking to my sister. The one who was in PE with me that afternoon.

My sister swears that what we saw was not a UFO but some sort of military aircraft that they were testing. Well, the military never did come out with a cigar shaped aircraft, but she still insists that it was something they were testing and since it's not something the military has developed any further, she thinks that the program got shut down. But she does remember having to draw a picture of it. We just don't know where that drawing is these days.

I realize that this is not an earth shaking event. It was just a hiccough in time. However, with Barksdale being so close to Ruston, it made sense that this might have been a regular occurrence during the 1970s because of all those sonic booms we had to endure. If this is just one drop in the bucket collecting stories for that military base during that time frame, then this can only add to whatever avenue of knowledge MUFON is seeking.

By the way, I'm only including my sister as a witness even though she thinks it wasn't a UFO. And, though I am in touch with my classmates from those years ago, we've never talked about it, so I don't know who would remember and who wouldn't.

If you have any questions, feel free to contact me.
