{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-12-06 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456698","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104886","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4667,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/698/mufon-5456698.json","updb_database_id":5456698}
{rjl} Information not pertaining to an actual sighting, rather work done researching UFOs as a psychic

I have been a psychic for at least 25 years and with the recent resurgance of UFO stories and recent sightings in the last few years, decided to try and find out more about UFOs than we the public have been told.
	I started with trying to find out if we have UFOs working with our military, since President Trump declared the forming of our new Space Force. My findings are that we do have craft, 10 at the present and that we have already been traveling with them for decades. I also am seeing that the Moon does have a secret base on the far side, occupied by us, Israel and of course ETs. Money spent by us alone, comes at around $750 billion over the course of it's existance and construction has been partnered 3 ways.
	The other facts that I've seen are that the craft have the ability to go from Earth to Moon in 15 minutes and Earth to Mars in 2 1/2 hrs. to a base that's there, too.
	The old Majestic 12 group are now a group of 32, headed by an Air Force General, Marc Jamison, also commanding the secret M.I.B. unit. His name came to me letter by letter and afterwards all I had to do was to Google his name and below is what I was totally amazed to find.
Excerp from the internet: 
Col Marc Jamison, (ret.), USAF, Former Director of Future Operations, J35 and Chief Modeling and Simulation (USCYBERCOM), CSFI Advisory Director
Image
Image

Colonel (Ret) Marc Jamison consults on Cyber Security, Strategy and Operations for his own company Cyber CheckMate Consultants. He has consulted for over 30 industry partners supporting cyber operations. Recently, he completed a tour at STG as their VP of DOD and IC Business Development. From 2013-2016 he supported the US Army as they build their new Cyber Electromagnetic Activities (CEMA) concept combing Cyber and Electronic Warfare. He worked for L-3 Communications as the Director of Cyber Operations and Director of Strategic Ventures that included Merger & Acquisition evaluations and oversight of strategic partnerships with universities
Colonel Jamison has more than 30 years of progressive experience directing, managing, and training government teams in air operations and cyber security. He has led and planned national Cyber, Counter Terror and Air Operations and has advised senior-level USG leadership on strategies and policy. Colonel Jamison is a demonstrated expert in cyber strategy, planning, training, threats, operations, policy and organizations.
Prior to industry, Colonel Jamison served as J35 Director of Future Operations for USCYBERCOM and as the J3 Director of Operation for its predecessor organization Joint Functional Component Commander – Network Warfare (J3) at Ft. Meade. He spent three years as a senior executive establishing USCYBERCOM, a “plank holder”, where he directed multiple national level operations and developed cyber doctrine and tactics, techniques and procedures.
Colonel Jamison is a retired U.S. Air Force Colonel and combat aviator, who flew B-52 and B-1 bombers. He was the Director of USAFE’s Strategy Division and commanded the Combat Plans Squadron for 8th Air Force. He is a graduate of the School for Advanced Air and Space Studies and USAF Weapons School. He holds four Master’s degrees, including an M.S. in Strategic Studies from the U.S. Army War College and is a published author.
Colonel Jamison serves on the Board of Directors for Association of Old Crows, Cyber Security Forum Initiative (CSFI) and on San Antonio’s Chamber of Commerce Cyber Industry Council .
	Last information that I sought was where these ETs have come from. Without putting a whole lot of time into it, I'm seeing that we are the only advanced specie in the Milky Way, the Greys are the only ones in the entire Andromeda Galaxy and the next 2 closest Galaxies after that have no advanced species. The Greys have the ability to travel here in 8 hrs. by bending Space/Time.

The above info was sent tonight to the THE NATIONAL UFO REPORTING CENTER also.
