{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492698","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66831","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2660,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/698/mufon-5492698.json","updb_database_id":5492698}
{rjl} encountered an alien being

It was between 3 and 4 am i went outside my camper trailer to use the tree to go to the bathroom. Due to where i was and skunks i carry a flashlight and scanned the grass and then scanned the trees so i wasnt sprayed...when the flashlight hit the tree line i could see a dark hump like something kneeling down and wouldnt have thought much of it but heard like wetness and twigs breaking so i made a noise by stompin my foot on the steps when i did this thing jhst a little shorter than me stood up quick and ran into the brush behind a tree. I could at that point see clearly the glow i recieved back from the light shining its eyes it was an awkward yellow glow bright like a glow stick. It was holding the tree and peeri g from behind it looking curiously at me up and down side to side so i threw my gatorade which was a full bottle and made noise close to it and it wasnt bothered. I went back in the camper told my girlfriend what happened and that it was extremely frightening i was pale in complexion from the expeirence and did not go out again that night....two nights following it happened again twenty feet closer to lake huron but wasnt concealed by the woods and it saw me looking at it and i was fixing to grav something incase it did anything to.threaten me at which time he ran like a human runs but much faster toward the water. I heard what sounded like something running in knee high water in an eastward direction and was again so scared i actually left that spot for the rest of the night. It frieghtened me to where i tryely do not want to be outside over by the treeline or at all really around the place unless carrying a weapon for protection. It was the most ive ever been afraid in the wilderness at night in my life. I saw the twigs and vegitation matted down where it was running thru. I am intending on using a bear trap or two over in that area and am going to mount trail cams to see i i can get any evidence other than a footpath and my own word so people know whats really out there in our home planet.
