{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-13 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522698","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33339","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2564,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/698/mufon-5522698.json","updb_database_id":5522698}
Heard a loud, hovering sound over my house. It lasted a long time before flying away suddenly.

I was watching TV in my room, my parents were already asleep, when I heard this loud, hovering sound directly over my house. It sounded almost as if an extremely heavy wind was coming down right on our home. I then got this terrible feeling and got too scared to get out of bed. I started calling out to my parents who are usually very light sleepers and whose room is only about ten feet away from mine, but they wouldnt respond. I continually yelled for them when suddenly the noise over the house got even louder before suddenly zooming off with a swoosh-like sound. As soon as it zoomed off, my parents suddenly awoke, saying that they only heard me call them once, when I actually called them about fifteen times. I then started shaking from head to toe for some reason. I kept shaking for about ten minutes, I have absolutely no idea why I was so frightened, it was almost as if my body was reacting to instinct or something. My parents then told me to sleep in their room because of the terrible condition that I was suddenly in. I eventually stopped shaking and fell asleep. Then, when I awoke in the morning, my parents told me that about 45 minutes after I went to sleep, they were awoken by a strange screeching noise in the distance that seemed to sound similar to the noise that I described. Im usually a skeptic and I look for logical explanations, but I couldnt find any explanation for the event. It definitely wasnt a helicopter or a jet. The only thing I could compare the noise with is with some type of huge hovercraft. It was especially strange that my parents didn't wake up when I first called them and the reaction that my body had to it. I felt jittery and sick to my stomach for a short while after the event. It didn't seem to give out a friendly vibe, that is for sure. The vehicle was so loud that Im sure someone else in town must have heard it.
