{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-01 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491698","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67863","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3548,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/698/mufon-5491698.json","updb_database_id":5491698}
Five objects I could very clearly see from the back garden of my apartment.

I was living away from home for the first time in student accommodation. I was there about a month. It was on a weekend that this event took place, and I was the only one in the apartment block who hadn't gone home for the weekend. I went out to the back garden for a cigarette and I looked up in the sky and there were a number of crafts in the sky. I counted four of them and as i looked up to my left there was another that was like the shape of a traffic cone that shot past like a shooting star. When it had passed three parallel shooting star-like objects shot through the sky at right angles to the flight path. I sat on the ground to the right at a fuel tank and smoked a cigarette. To the right of where I saw the traffic cone craft there was a silver craft which was how i describe as the shape of a modern set of bathroom scales or something, oval, and curved in the middle. It was silver and there was a bright light at the front. From where I was I could only see the bottom of this one. It was stationery in the sky and there was no indication of any propellers or anything holding it there. To the left of this one there was one that was more like a typical "flying saucer" - It was round and silver with a bit, like a bubble. on the top. It was spinning. To the right of this, on the other half of the sky, there was a cigar/cylinder looking craft. my memory of this one is the most unclear of the five, but it had lights on it also. Below this one there was another saucer shaped craft. It was black and there were red and yellow lights that ran along the outside of it. It appeared to be just above the roofs of terraced houses that I could see from where I was standing. This craft was spinning, but it was also wobbling from side to side, a bit like a spinning top.
None of these objects made any noise. When I saw them at first I knew they were like nothing I'd seen in the skies before. Unfortunately I didn't have my iPhone on me. My initial feeling was one of peace and a sort of inner understanding. But as I sat out for a little longer and finished smoking my cigarette it began to register with me that this was absolutely not a normal experience, so I returned inside the building, leaving the four remaining objects in the sky behind me. I did this as although I have quite a big interest in UFO's and extra-terrestrials, at that time I did not want to be abducted.
