{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-17 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513698","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44566","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2533,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/698/mufon-5513698.json","updb_database_id":5513698}
(GS) Startling

I was doing my late afternoon walk down the powerline behind my house just me and my cats, it was geting dark and i was about a half mile down the powerline and i saw right in front of me a big meteor coming strat down from the sky. I have never seen one come strat down and slow before. Anyway i turned around and started back to the house and about 2 to 3 min after i saw the meteor the cats started acting funny and their hair raised up on ther back and they just took off running so i turned around to look to see what was going on and behold i saw the thing right on top of me no sound no lights my legs would not move i was scard to move. It was moving slow like it was going to stop the hair on my back arms and everywhere else stud up and i just forgot about the cats. I could not believe what i was seeing. And then i said to my self i never ever have my handycam with me when i need it so i forced my self foward and did not look up or back i was a good ways from the house, once my legs got to going they got faster and faster. The UFO was moving so slow i out ran it and got to the house and got my handycam with night vision came back out to the powerline turned it on and my night vision picked up some kind of lights or glow on it that you could not see with the naked eye. The lights or glow did not blink they did not beem down or foward they where not IR lights. THE UFO WAS HUGE AND LOW AND BELOW RADAR AND FOLLOWING THE POWERLINE. The shape was like a Boomerang and everything on the ground reflected on it like a mirror. It was as big as if you would put 4 or 5 B2 bombers side by side. My handycam stoped recoreding 3 sec after i started so all i have is word of the mouth now and only two people that i told of the sighting. I build and fly R/C WWII aircraft and helis so i do know a little about flight patterns and what a plan can and cannot do and i know it was not any kind of plan it was a UFO.
