{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-06 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474698","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85619","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3175,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/698/mufon-5474698.json","updb_database_id":5474698}
{dr}Two bright lights, one a short ways behind the first. Moving in a sawtooth fashion. Not synchronized Going slowly. Followed seconds later by two more.

I was sitting in a grassy field starting at about midnight. I was watching my daughter's house because the night before they had a prowler enter the house. I was armed with a baseball bat and a hunting knife. I had a flashlight and a pair of 10 power binoculars. At right near 2 am two bright lights appeared from my left from a stand of fir trees. They were moving in a sawtooth manner and going rather slowly. The sawtooth movement was uneven. Some moving up higher than other times. The two lights were not moving up and down together, but they stayed the same distance apart and at the same speed. I watched them with the binoculars until they went out of my sight behind another stand of tall fir trees. There was never any sound from them. They were totally silent IF they were at the distance they appeared to me to be. About two minutes later two more lights, exactly like the first two suddenly appeared from behind those trees and the whole thing was repeated exactly like the first two lights. Still no sound. I estimated their distance above ground as 5 or 6 hundred feet. Their distance from me seemed to be about 7 or 8 hundred feet. The glasses I was watchung them with only made the lights brighter and larger. If there was a shape, it would probably be round because the light was round as just a light is. I am especially puzzled by the fact that the newspaper did not mention it at all. I don't see how I could have been the only witness to that strange event. The lights moved slowly enough that I could actually see their movement. They did not appear at the top or the bottom of their pattern as would the lights on a plane or helicopter that had two lights blinking on and off. Do you understand what I am saying? I am a long time and well trained pilot, but there is nothing in my experience that could explain those flying objects and their strange movements. I only told my family about that experience because I didn't want to appear to be crazy. Their speed in MPH would be about 10 or 15 MPH if they were at the distance and height that I estimated. I realize that judging light distance is extremely difficult if not impossible, so my estimate could be way off. But, that is what it seemed to be. The glasses helped me arrive at that estimate. Had they been a long distance they wouldn't have become as large under the glasses as they appeared. Under the glasses they doubled in size and brightness.
