{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-15 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452698","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108938","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3613,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/698/mufon-5452698.json","updb_database_id":5452698}
Saw a type of glowing orb traveling overhead and it was like it was observing the area. I can't believe it.

I had just got done doing some maintenance work at an assisted living center operated by my mom in Mountan City, Georgia. I was about to leave and while I was still talking to her in the driveway she said, "hey look", and pointed it out. It was overhead, and her thought at first was it was perhaps a government drone. It was completely silent and sort of still outside, which was extremely unusual, something in itself we'd never experienced outside before. But within a matter of seconds I pulled my cellphone out and began recording. I said, "it's not making any sound, that isn't normal". I then said to mom that it wasn't a plane of any kind. There was no landing lights or beacons. It was a solid white light that didn't really so much blink or pulsate. The light of the object itself actually sort of faded out and then back in a total of two times. The first time it was very minute. The second was more pronounced. It was traveling a fixed path, straight line at a constant speed, going from west to east, or maybe to slightly northeast. I was speechless. I have never seen anything like it before in my life! I am extremely familiar with aviation, aircraft, drones and military craft. I know my planes. I know my flight paths. I know what to look for and monitor air traffic. This object was unknown to the American public and aviation industry. Its intentions remain a mystery to myself and my mom. It was really as if it was observing the area, or maybe looking for something in general while en route to some other place. It maintained a constant speed and I recorded it for nearly the entire time it emerged from above the treeline and travelled overhead, before the canopy on the other end of the road hid it one again from view. Also interesting to note for that time of night was there was zero traffic on the main road out front, which is a major national thoroughfare, U.S. Highway 441. Even at midnight, that road has a vehicle of some sort goes by mom's assisted living center once every minute or so. But for the entire 4 minutes-some-odd seconds that this orb like object was passing us by, not one SINGLE car went by! In fact, after it was out of sight and I stopped recording, we discussed it for another couple minutes.... And only one vehicle eventually went by. But by the time I got back onto the road to head back home, traffic seemed normal again. We weren't far from Black Rock State Park. I'd say it was at least a thousand feet up in the air, if not higher. I couldn't really tell though, to be honest. I have NEVER seen anything move like that before in my life. I know it was something else entirely. I wish I knew what. I use to live next to an airforce base and I've never seen anything like that. I have no clue if it was from this world or not but I know it wasn't normal.
