{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-04-11 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5461698","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"99366","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2934,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/698/mufon-5461698.json","updb_database_id":5461698}
{tjd} UFO - Visible - Daylight - Shaped like a cylinder

The sighting - overview

   I believe the sighting date occurred in the Spring of 1992. I was going to see a movie I thought I’d like at a local movie theatre. I drove to the theatre and parked in the back where the parking lot was located. About a 1/2 mile to the north of the parking lot near the corner of Beaver Creek Lane and Wilmington Pike in Dayton, OH I noticed an object in the air.

The object was shaped proportionally like a “12 ounce beverage can,” except it was a smaller version in relative height. It might be more representative of a potential “8 ounce type can" in proportion.
The approximate proportions of the vessel might be 8’ x 5’.
-  The color of the vehicle was a grayish metallic.

The object sat at a relative height of roughly 200 ft. off of the ground.
(The vehicle was higher than the water tower nearby which was located at the corners of Glenn Abbey Drive and Farrington Drive in Dayton, OH).
The object sat to the east of the watertower by about a 1/2 of a city block.

The vehicle seemed to intermittently warp the atmosphere on either side of it. Almost like a parenthesis expanding out from either side of the object. The cycle of these “parenthesis” seemed to be around every 10-15 seconds, but could vary in time to a broader length. This ”warp” of the atmosphere was very faint to the eye.

As far as feelings go, I think that the vehicle was under intelligent control, but potentially more “mechanical” like, than humanoid or sentient like.

I observed this vehicle for about 5-10 minutes, then proceeded to go to the front of the movie theatre to see the movie. When I got to the front entrance of the facility, I saw two teenagers about 14 to 16 years old. I mentioned to them what I had just seen around the back and they seemed disinterested and almost like I was making the story up. This kind of a response was a bit funny or typical of some early teens.

I then, when into the theatre and watched the movie. The show was one of the better movies I had seen. The movie to me was about learning in a kind intelligent way and about humanity (The Dead Poet’s Society). The movie and content seemed significant then and now as well. When I came out of the theater and went to my car, the vehicle was gone.
