{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-10-01 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484698","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75116","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3581,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/698/mufon-5484698.json","updb_database_id":5484698}
Large Cigar/Cylinder shaped craft hovering then descending towards sea level

My sister and I grew up living in a large beachside Bungalow immediately overlooking the Bristol Channel. We lived in close proximity to Cardiff Airport and RAF St. Athan, so we were used to seeing and hearing both comerical and military aircraft on a very frequent basis. The Bristol Channel is also a very busy shipping route, so we were also used to seeing large ships day and nght.

On the day of the event, we were leaving to go and visit family at about 19:30. It was a cold foggy November evening. no wind and the air damp but still. As we left the house by car both my sister and I turned around simulataneously, something we did routinely whenever we left the house. 

We both immediately saw what we initially thought was a helicopter hovering at an angle of 135deg. It appeared to be immediately behind the house, over the sea and I would estimate that it was less that 100m above sea level We could clearly see a line of red lights which appeared to dim and get brighter then dim again. It was very clear to see through the fog, we could clearly see that it was a solid structure and dark in colour. Our mother slowed down so that we could try to see more of exactly what was happening. At this point we acknowledged that there was no sound at all, just a large cigar like object with lights brightening and dimming. We were used to the sound of the Westland Sea King Air Sea Rescue helicopters but what we were looking at was totally silent, significantly larger than any helicopters we were used to seeing and suddenly becoming increasingly more mesmorising to look at. Mesmorising but eerie at the same time. I would estimate that the object was between 300-500ft in length. 

As we watched for what seemed like about 5 minutes in total, the object began to descend, still at its original 135deg angle until it had totally disappeared behind the house. We assume into the sea but just an assumption. We then drove away but continued to look through the rear window of the car until we were completely out of sight of our house and the object that we saw. We discussed it for the entirity of the 45 minute drive but could not determine exactly what we saw and to this date we still cannot offer any satisfactory conclusion other than witnessing a UFO.

We did not have any immediate feelings or reactions other than being confused over a huge and silent object descending slowly behind our house into what is only the Bristol Channel. I lived at this address until 1989 in which time I saw many strange and unusual objcets in the sky above the Bristol Channel, ranging from slow moving shuttlecock shaped objects, white light that would turn into orange fireballs, large white lights that would zoom off very quickly to slow moving bands of light that would appear to disappear into the sea.
