{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-12-28 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467698","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92951","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3874,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/698/mufon-5467698.json","updb_database_id":5467698}
{td} 3 Greys showed op next to my bed,

This experience happen during the week before or after last Christmas (Dec. 2017). I am kicking myself for not documenting the exact date, but I guess I was too freaked out to even think about that. Our household has 4 people living in it: My Step-Mother (61), her Son (28), his Father, Step Mother's ex-husband (61) and me (50). I am disabled due to a serious heart condition, and have a Pace-Maker

After going to bed as normal, I suddenly came to consciousness, unable to move or speak. The atmosphere in the room seemed wrong: It was blurry and moving, and brighter than I keep my room at night. It was like opening your eyes underwater without goggles in the swimming pool. Standing over me right beside my bed was a thin gray thing, maybe 5 ft tall, humaniod, with a large head and HUGE almond shaped dead black eyes. It had it's right hand on my forearm, and was staring directly at me. There were two similar beings at the foot of my bed. I had an instinctive, gut level lizard brain reaction when I looked into those eyes. Total Fear. I just knew on a gut level that there was no conception of any human empathy in that thing. The only thing I did was struggle to scream "NO!". I can honestly say that I have never been more terrified in my entire life.

When I finally was able to scream, there came a discontinuity: The things were gone, I was already rolling out of bed, and reaching for the Browning 9mm I keep in my room. I put the gun in the pocket of my robe, and left my room to check the rest of the house. This was between 1 and 3 in the morning, I don't remember exactly. My Step Brother was up and standing outside his parent's room. His Father frequently has night terrors, and we are all used to hearing him shout in his sleep, but my Step Brother told me he was disturbed enough this time that he got out of bed to check on his dad. I told him that I was the one who screamed, and told him that I had just had an alien abduction experience, and asked him if he had seen them. He said no. I gave him the gun, and asked him to keep it safe until I had calmed down in the morning. I remember thinking that it was extremely odd that in spite of my emotional and physical reaction, my heart was NOT beating fast, and I seemed to be having no effects of adrenaline. The next morning, after showering, i noticed a triangular shaped mark on the back of my right arm, near the shoulder. It was a dull red color. It faded away after a few days, and my Step-Mother thinks it was just a bruise. Me, I don't know what to think.

I haven't seen or experienced anything like that night since. My step-mother tries to believe me, but I think everyone in the house has the attitude that they know that I believe it, but they think it was just a nightmare or something. I know for a fact that this was no dream. I have had vivid dreams all my life: I am what H.P. Lovecraft would call "an experienced dreamer". I absolutely know the feel of transitioning from dream to consciousness, as well as the "feel" of a dream when I have one. This wasn't it.

I contacted MUFON because I just need to tell someone what happened and not have them look at me as if deciding whether I have mental issues or not.

Thank you for hearing me out.
