{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523698","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32232","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2469,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/698/mufon-5523698.json","updb_database_id":5523698}
A ball of light descended from the sky, and shot off towards Lincoln, NE (Offutt Air Force Base)

I was walking out of work after midnight. I rode my bike to work and while I was unchaining it in the parking lot, I noticed a falling star (meteor) falling to the earth. I stopped to pause and look at it; roughly a meteor is something caught with the naked eye monthly, and as I was staring at it, it stopped in mid-air. It then "descended" from its stopping point and became, in my vision, as large as half of the size of our moon, and 3/4 as luminous as Venus is in the night sky. It "grew" in size from a pinpoint of light (meteor) to as big as half of our moon, and then proceeded to travel east. It hovered/jerked around for around five seconds (zigzagging in a small area) before it hovered away to the west towards Lincoln, NE. It spent 3 seconds flying westward before it disappeared - it did not fly past the horizon, it simply disappeared in the air. 
I rode my bike to a hill below Harrison street after the incident; it took me five minutes to get there. After I got to the hill, I called my brother and told him about it. He was shocked by what I had seen. I disconnected; on my bike roughly ten minutes later, he claimed to have stepped outside to smoke a cigarette, and saw three orbs flying above LaVista in formation, led by a blinking strobe orb, and followed by two brightly lit ones. The strobe-orb flew away from the other two orbs, and then the remaining two orbs flew off in the opposite direction. 
I can only verify what I have seen with my own eyes (the original orb seen at 12312 Port Grace Blvd,) the encounter lasted roughly 2-3 seconds for the falling meteorite, 5 seconds for the meteorite to expand and "grow" into a large size, and then 3 seconds heading westward before disappearing. I have seen this with my own eyes and testify it is true.
