{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-11-26 10:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457698","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103872","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3543,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/698/mufon-5457698.json","updb_database_id":5457698}
{jpg} large, silver, metallic, dome-like, rotating ring of flat metal plates, clouds bending/warping around it

i was in the passenger seat of my friends car, heading up thru the mountains of Tennessee for thanksgiving. aprox 2003. i was staring out the window, looking at the scenery. we were traveling along a mountain road, pretty high up. 
to the right of me, was basically a large open space, between the mountain we were on, and another group of mountains. 
in that space, between the mountains, i saw what looked like a huge, metallic object. i could not see the whole thing, because it was partially obscured by mist/steam coming up from the forest.. what i could see, had a curvature to it, like the underside of a dinner plate. part of that curved section was rotating. it very much resembled the baggage return carousel at the airport. a line of squares, with clear seams between them. but angled to match the curve of the rest of the object.
what initially drew my eye to it, was i was noticing steam/fog rising up from the from trees on the mountain, across from me. its hard to describe, but at a certain point, it just appeared to not be rising up vertically, but appeared to be moving at a diagonal. like it was being pulled into the valley between the mountains, which formed into a thin line of clouds. however, the clouds appeared to have an origin point. what it looked like to me, was that fog/steam, was rising up from the forest, being drawn towards, and bending around something large and metallic. silver or light grey in color. shiny like aluminum or stainless steel. i could only see part, possibly the middle section, as the clouds broke around it.
i dont know how much time passed as i was observing this object. it was at least five minutes. but, i had the distinct feeling that that time had slowed down. i mean that, i was so hyper focused on the object, that i lost all sense of time and place. i remember turning away, to look around at the driver, and the two people in the back seat. i asked the driver repeatedly, if she was seeing what i was seeing, but it felt like everything was happening in slow motion. the driver just nodded yes, but i never saw her actually look in the direction i was indicating. she had a very blank, vacant look on her face, which i found odd. the passengers in the back seat ( the drivers brother and his girlfriend) appeared to be asleep. 
when i turned away from the driver, to look back at the object, i was able to quickly spot it again. i continued to observe it, watching the clouds warp around it. trying to get a sense of how big it could be, or reconcile in my mind what i was seeing. i lost sight of it, as we rounded a bend in the road. i was unable to convince the driver to pull over. i was in a complete daze for the next several hours. it was a very strange experience. this thing, whatever it was, was just sitting there, hovering in the space between the mountains.
