{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-07 01:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498698","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60475","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7376,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/698/mufon-5498698.json","updb_database_id":5498698}
{nd} very visible perfectly clear night large silent sporadic lights triangle fuselage solid center dark red light silent very slow hovering at times wispy short emission

I am a young adult who stays with my parents 2 nights a week when I attend nursing school in my former hometown. I had fallen asleep watching tv on my parent's couch in the living room and my mom had fallen asleep in the recliner beside me. I am a good sleeper and will usually sleep through the night regardless of the circumstances of my sleeping environment (i.e. tv/lights on, on the couch, etc.). On this particular night, I awoke seemingly without reason and was craving a cigarette. I am a light smoker and have been trying to quit since I am pursuing a career in the healthcare industry so this struck me as a bit odd but I went outside anyways. 
It had been storming all evening so I was surprised when I went outside to see a beautifully clear night. The moon was full and very bright. My parents live on the outskirts of a small city so the light pollution is pretty nonexistent. I was checking out all the stars I don't get to see in the considerably larger city I live in an hour away. As I was admiring the stars, I noticed a red light approaching. 
I have been employed as a flight attendant for 5 years and have been dating/living with an airline pilot for 4 of those years so while I do not consider myself an aviation expert, I am admittedly more knowledgeable than the general population when it comes to flying objects. For example, I am aware that the aircraft that I work on is approximately 103 feet long, has a wingspan of 85 feet, and usually cruises around 35,000 ft. My favorite aviation quote comes from da vinci: "For once you have tasted flight you will walk the earth with your eyes turned skywards, for there you have been and there you will long to return." I am familiar with the configurations of the right-of-way lights (red on left wingtip, green on right wingtip), the aft white navigation light, and the white strobes that accompany all of these positions and these strobes are normally used in poor weather conditions for the avoidance of air collisions or sometimes just because the flight deck crew feel like having them on. What I saw was not a commercial airliner or any other aircraft that is required to have the red/green light configuration which narrows down the likelihood of this being the case to almost nothing. 
The red light continued due southwest which would eventually put it directly overhead eventually if it stayed on its current course. I ran inside and woke my mom up so I wouldn't have to witness this alone. The light approaching was very large and was not the traditional red color you would see on a familiar aircraft; the best analogy I can come up with is the blood return from a vein. Dark, deep, demure red. As if that wasn't ominous enough, the other lights on the underbelly of the fuselage started to come into view. The large red light seemed to be centered in the middle of the craft which was triangular in shape. There was another red light at the leading point of the triangle: same shade of red but smaller by about half. Along the starboard and port edges of the craft were 4 white lights running forward to aft. They were not quite in line with the red light at the point as may be expected. There weren't any lights running along the aft base of the triangle which made it hard to discern the exact line of this part of the craft. 
The fuselage itself was an flat ink black so its lines easily melted into the night sky. The overall outline of the craft was discernible due to the underbelly lights and to the barely visible outline of the craft. The red lights were solid and only slightly pulsating. The 8 white lights were strobing in various sequences and at varying brightness. They were running on and off like the lights on a runway and then they would slow down a bit and flash on and off at random at sometimes individually and sometimes in pairs and sometimes altogether. It made no noise and had a wispy short tail coming off its aft. This is depicted in the sketch provided.
The craft is traveling at an altitude of approximately 15,000-20,000 feet, and at a speed that would seem to make the concept of lift completely irrelevant to the flight of this craft. The airplane I work on achieves lift at around 150 knots during takeoff and must gain some speed to maintain that lift. I have no idea how fast this craft was traveling; I do know that it remained visible in my parent's backyard sky traveling in a straight line and sometimes standing still or hovering for 15 minutes. I know this because I made a point to look at the clock before returning with my mom outside in case we had any lost time. While the craft was hovering it remained completely still and maintained its altitude. 
My mom and I had a had a birds eye view of this UFO. We had no doubt as to what we were viewing. I was scared, awestruck, frozen in place, and dumbfounded as to how serendipitous it was that I got to be outside as the craft passed over my parent's house. I felt the sensation of being watched by a formidable intelligence. I felt out completely bested by it on all levels really. Knowing that is where the fear came from. The object hung around the back yard and just kind of mosied on through the sky to go over the roof of the house. My mom and I ran through the house to the front door and it was still on its southwest course but it was ascending a bit and accelerating a bit more. It went behind the trees and that was the end of the ordeal.
To be perfectly honest, this is not the first time something like this has happened to my mom, myself, and some of my other family members. Nevertheless, I am still left incredulous after events like this. I feel less in control of my life when the presence of these things are reaffirmed for me. I sketched a drawing of the craft the morning after the sighting with the help of my mom. I am not an artist by any means but it gets the general idea across. I may one day have the gumption to share the rest of my experiences but as you can probably tell, I am long winded and short on spare time being a nursing student working almost full time. I had to make the time for this account. I just felt like telling some people who may "believe" me and maybe feel like they aren't alone in their own experience. They-whatever they may be-are very real and not a figment of your imagination. Lets just hope that at best they want to enrich our human existence and at worst they're indifferent to us primal and uninteresting beings. 
Thank you for reading and the best to all of you.
