{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548667","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"8950","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3263,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/667/mufon-5548667.json","updb_database_id":5548667}
Sighting of three large orange color and four silver colored UFOs over 45 minute time period.

Six people. 9:15 PM, 08-01-1982. Campted on North Fork of White river that runs from southern Missouri into Arkansas. Facing east at canoe outfitters camp site. A large sphere shaped object, maybe 75-100 feet across, colored orange similar to a pumkin rose above the ridge that borders the river about .5 to 1 mile away. The object "pulsated" in color, radiating different shades of the orange color like it was "reving up its engines". No noise during the entire time. It then progressed due west towards us until it reached the river a block or so to our south. It then made a hard, sharp right turn at the same altitude, maybe 500 to 1,000 feet up, to the South. The object flew south for about 1/2 mile and then made a sharp/hard turn to the west and accelerated speed while rising in altitude at an angle of maybe ten degrees for about a mile or so. It then "cloaked" itself within a second or two, so it was no longer visible. Completely silent the entire time. 

At 9:15 the scene repeated itself exactly as before. The object rose and transversed the identical path in the same manner as the first one. Two other campers a short distance to our north, heard us calling and came to join us. So eight people witnessed the event and all saw exactly the same thing to our wonder and amazement.

At 9:30 a slightly larger object rose and proceeded to do the same type of "pulsating" in color. We called the larger one the "Mother Ship". The big difference in this occurance was the appearance of four silver colored cigar shaped objects rose vertically from behind the ridge about 1/4 mile to our north. These objects hovered for a short time and then flew south directly into the large orange object, one after the other. The larger object the transversed the identical path in the same manner as the first two, and disappeared. 

At aprox. 10:30 a small single engine plane could be seen flying a grid pattern over the general area. The plane appeared to be a little to the North and East of where the occurance was. this went on for 15-20 minutes.

The canoe outfitter reacted strangely to the story the next morning, smiling, and said "...he sure had not seen anything like that..." from his back deck that faced the ridge, but he had been inside watching TV all night.

Our group's collective opinion was that the object were in fact "other worldly" and no US technology of that time was involved in these feats. The appearance of a search plane backs up this opinion, since these were truly UFOs and were being searched for my someone.

End of Story
