{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-31 23:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521667","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34566","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3162,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/667/mufon-5521667.json","updb_database_id":5521667}
7 craft, orb sheilds with triangular points, but spinning discs inside, all traveling single-file, scanning, about 10 seconds between each craft traveling to the south from our north

My Friend and I were traveling down the mountain on Hwy 11, just above Kurtistown, to go see the fireworks on new years (which were cancelled we found later) It was about 11:20pm when we noticed an orange orb on the horizon... we were commenting about it being fireworks or something when we noticed it was getting bigger, and coming closer... directly towards us almost. While still driving, I said it must be a balloon firework or something in the wind... But as it got closer, I could see that there were red peppery beams like rain coming from underneath it, moving back and fourth quickly, so I pulled over to get a better look... (at this point I had a suspicion already...turned off the car and radio) got out of the car and looked directly at it......and as it was coming closer, I could begin to see inside the "Orb" which was only a layer of light glowing around the craft, and inside was a disc shaped craft, with a classic bubble top, spinning, and gyrating, in a rocking motion, syncronius with the tilt of the rainlike red beams, at 1/2 second intervals.... There was also light "spikes" on the top and sides, giving the orb-like shape a triangle overlay kinda. As I was watching this saying "OMG, OMG... do you see that" My Friend told me there was another one... and there was, coming from the exact same area. they all passed overhead about ten seconds apart...as one dissappeared over the horizon, another would appear, and one would be overhead; so there were 3 visable all the time, one always close overhead scanning, as they all did. We saw 7 total, and very close, maybe 500 feet away as they passed, almost directly overhead. Lots of detail in the "lightshow" but the craft were spinning and gyrating, so we couldnt make out small features. The orb shape, and the trialgle points were all bright orange-yellow, but the beams were like red rain scans that abriptly ended about 50 ft below the craft in a circular pattern, as if hitting an invisable surface. They were all Identical as far as we could tell. All was silent. I could hear nothing from the sky. But my hair seemed to stand up a bit as each craft passed. It gave me chills and warm flashes. They seemed holographic almost. I am just in shock. They really ARE here. I have so many questions now...
