{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-05 18:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495667","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63765","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2418,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/667/mufon-5495667.json","updb_database_id":5495667}
{dr}Bright star seemed to be getting closer, moved back and forth,and hovered.

I had my blinds were partly open while I was on my computer. I was getting ready to lay down before going to work that night. I looked to my left out the window and through the open blinds and saw a bright star just showing over the other apartment complex across from mine. This bright star seemed to be moving closer and I started wondering if that was really a star. Then after looking at it for about a minute it began to move laterally to the left slowly for several seconds and the it moved laterally towards the right for several seconds. Then it ascended at an angle, again slowly, for several seconds. It ascended at least a hundred to possible a hundred and fifty feet before stopping. Then it just hovered there for several minutes. I was feeling excited and uneasy. I called my father and told him what I was seeing and how it moved. I thought possibly a helicopter but there were no blinking lights; just a bright star like appearance. As I was talking to my father, a helicopter flying from the south and heading north flew directly in front of the star like object. That's when I realize the object appeared to be larger than the helicopter. The helicopter kept heading North and out of my view. Than approximately two minutes later it ascended again another hundred feet or so, and began hovering again. I could just see it at the top corner of my window. I did look around to see if anyone else in the parking lot infront of me was looking at this, but unfortunately I didn't see anyone. A few minutes later I had to lay down to get some sleep in the other room. Even in the other room I could see it at the top right corner on my bedroom window. Two in a half hours later when I woke up, the bright star like object was gone.
