{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-10 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290667","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112672","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2338,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/667/mufon-5290667.json","updb_database_id":5290667}
Two Objects hovering over water at Lake Worth for 2 hours

I was at the beach at William O. Lockhart Municipal Pier, Palm Beach, FL 33480. At around 1:45 when we noticed two objects hovering and moving slowly back and forth out east over the water. Based on where all the fishing boats were they were about 1 mile out. It was two of us who watched the objects but I’m certain multiple people on the beach were looking at the them as well. First I assumed they were just airplanes reflecting really bright light but after 15 min it was very clear they weren’t. These objects were hovering but slowly moving side to side in a general area. I watched them for about 30 min and then went up to the pier to fish a little bit. The objects were in the exact same place still hovering and moving slowly. I continued to watch them for another hour to see if they were kite fishing balloons or something. Well all the boats left the area and the objects were still there they were much definitely bigger than a star but not as big as the moon. At about 3ish I noticed one of the objects disappeared while the other one was still there, 10 min later both objects were back, and at about 3:25 was the last time I saw either object. I didn’t see them fly away I would look up every couple mins or so to see. I don’t necessarily want to say that they were “UFO’s” but I’m just really confused on what they were. Nothing too unusual but they hovered for 1.5 hrs while slowly moving back and forth if you watched them closely. The way I determined this was the two object would move closer and farther away from each other. Funny enough I did see a black helicopter head out to see in the direction of the objects but didn’t think anything of it.
