{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-02 17:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465667","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95094","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":10031,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/667/mufon-5465667.json","updb_database_id":5465667}
flight of unknown lights swarming toward a huge large object, oval, apparently stopping in the sky

I decided to say, after some year, about this my experience and the my brief movie, shot for a few seconds, having not found and nor obtained any rational explanation.
I was alone at home, just before 18:00 o1clock.
I decided to remove most of the Christmas decorations, to be free of this work in the coming days.
The evening was quiet and cold, no wind, the clear sky, there was a lot of calm in my neighborhood.
I went out onto the balcony. Strangely, no noise.
I stopped for a relax1s moment to look at the sky. I was trying to see the Ursa Major and the Ursa Minor. I always liked to observe their symmetry.
They had to be in the sky above me just to my right, but I could not see them. 
I thought that when it would have been darker, I would have identified them.
 Instead I saw a kind of solitary cloud high up in the sky on my right. It was a strange thing, it looked like a cloud, and it had a shape like a
smooth rice1s long croquette.
This cloud was strange, not because it was lonely in a completely clear sky, but it was strange because it seemed more solid than a normal cloud. But what was? I thought it was a cloud of industrial fumes. 
Although we was in holiday season, nearby, there many industries, and sometimes the local press tells of emissions beyond the norm. 
I thought: "What the heck, even on holidays they stop ... they will make us all die".
But I kept looking for the two Ursa with my eyes.
Leaning out me of the balcony to look up over me, I saw an apparently stellar formation. It was very high up. It could be mistaken for the Ursa Minor, only that it had not his disposition: 
like a pentagon the tips of which was 5 pale yellow lights.
I stared them and thought: never seen before.
But after a few seconds as I watched them trying to figure out what it was, because it did not look like the Ursa Minor, 
I was surprised to see their sudden unexpected movements.
The lights moved and then returned to their place. 
More times.
The movement was very rapid, and could be compared to microorganism's movement in the microscope slides. 
Despite the surprise, I tried to look better, but they really moved, no doubt.
And the big surprise was yet to come. 
I remained watching what was happening, what they were, 
to understand better. These fixed lights suddenly move from their place, running just for a stretch, both the directions, right and left, and then to return to their place. Both individually, one after the other, casually, and then all together. This fact lasted a few seconds.
I could not believe what I saw. 
They were high up, at the height to which the airliners travel. But they were not planes. I recognize them even at night. 
And there was no noise. 
This their movement was not that of planes. Observed with the naked eye, the pentagon1s size seemed to me like that of the Ursa Minor, roughly. 
Considering the height at which they seemed to stay, I thought that the speed was no of planes.
Because even when the airliners pass I see them, I can follow the path with my eyes, without effort. Instead the movement of these lights was so fast, that I struggled to catch it with my eyes. Initially I thought I was seeing bad. Instead they really moved. 
The planes advancing and not darting, or standing still in the sky, without falling. 
And then that sort of 1dance" they did, what did it mean? 
What were they? 
Who were they?
I, though intrigued, but perplexed, was about to return into the apartment when the situation became more complex.
And then, I see, coming from the West, 
other 1objects1, luminous too and much faster. 
Crazy. 
They arrived at two and three at a time, and after the first small groups, the lights that formed the "pentagon" were launched and all went towards the East. Towards the sea. And I don't saw them anymore. 
I realized it was a strange event and I ran back to get my camera Fujifilm MV-1. I ran about 7 meters.
As I ran back to the balcony, I removed the camera from the scabbard.
But the camera did not on. 
I pressed and again pressed the power button, more times, but the green LED did not shine. Meanwhile, the lights in the sky sped fast.
The most impressive thing is that these last luminous objects flied at a lower altitude than those that had gone before.
I was desperate. I went back into the cooking, I turned on the light in the room, then I removed the camera's lid and saw that the batteries were rightly positioned. What was the problem..?
Back out onto balcony, I tried to turn the camera again on and after a few times I finally saw the green LED shine.
During this juncture, I do not know how many lights flied above me, in the sky.
But it seemed to me 
that they were flying lower. However, I only saw lights darting in the sky.
I filmed, but because after a few seconds I did not see other lights, I stopped. 
And something else happened: while the first groups of luminous objects had headed East, towards the sea, these others, which were coming in droves, some continued to the East, while some turned to the my right that is South and began swarming around to the cloud. 

They were so many and so fast, that I was equally desperate: even though the camera was finally turned on I could not get them back and follow the their path. 
They were numerous. But never give up! 
I did not know how to place the camera, I did not know what to shoot firstly, I could not see anything in the small display, the light in the kitchen bothered me, then I pointed the camera at random, hoping for luck.
I went back in the cooking to see on the display if I filmed something of event. And because the luminous objects was so little, I don't saw it on the display. Again I was back on the balcony. 
In the first very brief movie I don't filmed anything. I could not frame them, they were too fast. 
By trying to see as much as possible and memorize and film, I realized that they were not airplanes. They could not be probe balloons. It could not be any aircraft that I knew, because apart from the impressive speed, these luminous objects made acrobatics in the air that, I think, are impossible for anyone.
So I thought I would do just one thing. 
To keep the camera still, pointing at the cloud having the hope that some of these objects would pass into camera field of view.
This second brief movie lasts 24 seconds.
In this second brief movie the main "starring" is the cloud. I filmed the flight of objects, and at the edge of the some frame also the speed of some object swarming around the cloud. 
It is on the edge of the frame but you can see it, and you can also see another object, off, that after passing the cloud, came back. 
Even if, in those excited moments, I saw both the objects and the cloud, the eye of the camera, took up something else.
As I said before, the camera has taken a "thing" that seems to have a solid structure, with a light on the top and then a larger and visible light on the bottom. I saw only the lower light well.
Also this strange thing, which I call solid "cloud", like a long croquette in the shape, in the movie seems to fly slowly. As gliding. And no noise.
The luminous objects turned on and off, giving the impression that they vanished, but, instead, they was hidden by sky's darkness, flying to crazy speed. 
The flight was a broken line.
They flew very fast, and I filmed them because, having see that before going to the East, this swarm headed toward the "cloud", I held the camera steady, pointing it at the what seemed to me a solid "cloud". And I filmed what was going in front on the lens. So, what we see on the frame it's not all the event, but it's what happened in front the camera. 
All bright objects exceeded to surpass the solid "cloud", at crazy speed, and then they came back, turned them over, and then they headed East, turning on and off, and reigniting, and descending vertically of altitude, then they went up again vertically and proceeded towards the sea, until I don't saw them more.
I can not say anything else.
Initially I thought about all the possible hypotheses: flying lanterns, probe balls ... even rockets, but I really do not know.
You can see by some frame enlargements that they have a structure, not even simple, they look like grafted and interlocked pieces, on a circular base, and the front part is rounded.
I send to you just the main important digital video, and some my drawning scene, and some frame of the digital video.... where is possible to see. The quality is no excellent, but I am a simple housewife no able with that.
After 1 year, so on 2012, don't found any explanation abt that, I downloaded finally on my pc the digital video, and I no thinked abt that anymore .. but from some year ago, I wish a explanation. I contacted many persons, but no one give me a right explanation. 
Someone no replied, someone said interesting and wanted the video, someone said that no high quality, also the skeptics towards the UFO phenomena, italian CICAP, given a stupid explanation: The ufo don't exist.. 

The only person, who I asked help, and that given me a sincere reply, also if no explanation, it was Nick Pope. 
He is a true gentleman.
