{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-15 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502667","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56331","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3010,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/667/mufon-5502667.json","updb_database_id":5502667}
{cak} bright light moving slow and descending then just suddenly vanished

Thursday May 15th 2014 around 9:30 - 10:00pm ) I was walking today by Home Depot and Target are at Lindbergh in Atlanta GA, I was talking to a friend on the phone and as I was walking I suddenly saw this very bright light moving rather slow, It was bright and it seemed to have a light tail, it was decending and moving slow, I could tell right away it was SOMETHING and not from here ( not human made ) as soon as I saw it I got goose bumps all over my body and it stopped me in my track, I could defiantly tell right away that this is not man made, and if it is, then the government is hiding some serious technology. I think a shooting star could of been a possibility as well, but i think a shooting star would of been moving a lot quicker, and as close as it was to me Im sure it would of burned out by then, matter of fact it was a different type of light, it was like a light when you're welding but very fine, so Im defiantly ruling that adea out. Its very hard to describe exactly what I saw, I wish my friends had seen this because they all think Im crazy but this has had such an impact on me i'm just thinking about it a lot. It was so close and i was looking at it and knew for sure that someone is probably looking back at me. but it has had a such an impact on me I just want an explanation an answer. If anyone else would of seen this they would be saying the same thing. That light was about 300-500 feet of the ground as it was moving it had a light tail ( trail ) and descending very slow and moving in one direction, then it just suddenly vanished, the whole experience was about 15 to 20 seconds. I wanted to take a picture but having a password on my iphone and trying to open everything on my phone before i knew it , it was gone. This universe is so big our mind can't even comprehend how big it really is, we are like a grain of sand on the beach thats how small we are, so we defiantly can't be the only life out there, I have believed this for a very long time now, so to finally see something that i saw today is just amazing ( incredible ) I believe our mind is capable of creating such a device maybe 200 to 600 years from now. There for there IS something out there that is very intelligent and they don't want to show themselves to the world because we are UGLY, dangerous, deceivers, killers1who wants to be a part of that?
