{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-06-08 09:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492759","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66767","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2403,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/759/mufon-5492759.json","updb_database_id":5492759}
{cak} 'meet A humanoid alian

In the summer of 1991 I had an encounter that I can1t explain but I have also never heard any stories like mine either. I do watch Hanger 1 but again I have never heard an encounter like mine described on any show or report. 
	The summer of 1991 I reconnected with a high school friend of mine. I have an interest in the paranormal so we were talking about different types of paranormal stuff and he tells me about a friend of his, who is an alien in human form. 
	One theory of space travel is that the soul of the visitor could travel through space and take over a recently dead person1s body. This was long before the movie K-Pax came out. I woke up and knew that his friend was in town. I called my friend and told him this he had the same feeling. The alien was as my friends ex Wife1s house. 
	I thought he was making the alien part up until I met him. I1m a bit psychic myself. Jim looked at me and told me things my friend didn't even know. Then he asked me about the scarab. Then yelled at me when I told him I didn1t know anything about it a scarab. He calmed down and looked me over then told me that just before a prophetic dream I would see an Egyptian scarab.
	Later he asked me other questions about ancient Egypt. When I couldn1t answer him he seemed disappointed but said I would remember one day. That night I couldn1t sleep I kept seeing tarantulas crawling on me. I knew the alien sent the images. The next morning he said he sent them because; I didn1t tell him or my friend about it, because I was astro projecting to where the alien was.
The rest of his visit was uneventful. When he left my friend and me both new we would never see the alien again. 
Unfortunately my friend was killed in a car crash a year later. But his ex-wife still lives in this area.
