{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-07-18 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455759","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105847","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2738,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/759/mufon-5455759.json","updb_database_id":5455759}
{rjl} large Dark red

A friend and I who lived on the same street decided to visit a girl who also lived down that street late at night 10-11 in the PM. We were all around the same age fifteen or so. I can't remember exactly why but that girl either wasn't at her house or we couldn't get in contact with her because we were kind of being sneaky about it as teenagers. Being that we knew her family well my friend and I decided to jump on her trampoline which was far enough away from her house not to alarm them from the noise of the trampoline. 
 My friend and I had been jumping for maybe 10 minutes when I caught in my peripheral a dark red glowing circular object (like looking at the sun through a telescope of course with a filter) that when I looked straight at it being (in my sight) the size of a quarter. I had that in my sight for maybe three seconds when it suddenly shot down in the blink of an eye to right behind this girls house now the size of maybe half of her house. It stayed visible for maybe another 3 seconds and then "dissolved" is a good word but disappeared is more accurate . The reason I suggested "dissolved" is because after it disappeared these gold sparkles were continually falling from where the object had been for about 2 -3 minutes. Going back just a little, I know my friend didn't see the peripheral but I know he saw the end of it because I said to him "did you see that!" He said in a weary amazement way " yeah! " We sat on the trampoline watching these gold sparkles falling down in the night sky where the object had been for 2-3 minutes and then we got kind of spooked because they weren't stopping so we jumped off the trampoline and booked it back down the street.
 I remember referencing the encounter maybe a couple of times to parents, but of course it went in one ear and out the other. We never talked about it again my friend and I. I referenced the object being like a "fu-fighter" because I just recently saw a documentary of WW2 pilots who referred to seeing these unidentified red glowing circles or orbs that they reported. That actually inspired me to tell my story.
