{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-17 11:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460759","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100415","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2799,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/759/mufon-5460759.json","updb_database_id":5460759}
{rjl} Unusually-shaped object traveling westward above treetops

I was looking east when I observed an object traveling more or less towards me, above treetop and building level by probably 100-200 feet. I took out my phone and filmed it for a few seconds (I had to stop filming so I could move to keep watching it, and didn't have time to take out my phone again). It moved in a straight line, not quite straight towards me, and then shifted direction slightly while I was filming it. My impression is that it was about the size of a person, or perhaps big enough for a person to be riding inside, but I am aware that it's nearly impossibly to judge the size of objects in the sky and I would not put much weight on that estimation.

It was moving smoothly, as a helicopter or a drone might, but I could not see any moving parts (like a rotor) or anything that looked like wings. It was taller than it was wide, and it looked sort of like a collection of balloons stuck together, with two bulbous 'appendages' on top, one smaller one hanging below them, and two smaller ones pointing behind it like a pair of tails. I thought at first that it might be an escaped balloon of some kind, but it moved very smoothly and purposefully, and it was pretty windy that day, so I don't think that could be it.

When I first spotted it, it was over approximately 1925 Linden Drive; I watched it pass over the Vet School (2015 Linden Drive) and cross Easterday Lane; and then I lost sight of it once it moved behind some trees, when I would estimate it was about at 606 Walnut Street. It was definitely moving towards the UW Hospital (less than a mile west of me), and I often see (and hear) helicopters going to and from the hospital, but this wasn't a helicopter (as I think the video shows), and I couldn't hear anything when I saw it.

It was probably traveling under 15 mph the whole time I was watching it.

I am pretty sure this was just some sort of drone that I've never seen before (not being a drone aficionado, it wouldn't take much), but it was just weird enough that I thought y'all might be interested.
