{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1962-09-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502759","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56233","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2395,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/759/mufon-5502759.json","updb_database_id":5502759}
{cak} hovered over our home. I woke to it never left my bed but some time later I was at the window and saw three connect and ascend

I was about 8-10 and looking forward to going to school in the morning. The previous nights my father and I had been out on our boat and talking about ufo sightings that seem to be pooping up as of late. The topic came up because a low flying plane came over head that had some type of a reddish orange glow from the under belly. The light was pulsing and seemed to be rotating at the time. I recall my dad saying that must be what everyone thinks is a ufo. I don't recall if it was that night or a few after I was asleep in bed when I woke , for what I thought was no reason. But I noticed a a glow all around the house as if there was a fire all around it. There was a slight humming noise but you could barley make it out. I recall being extremely frightened but thought I had to get my dad. I don't recall ever getting to my feet and heading to his room but I must have. Because the next thing I remember was I was standing at the far window of the bedroom looking to the sky. As I looked I saw three triangle shaped objects come together and join ! They mad one , what looked like a solid aircraft and where just hovering for about 30 sec to a min. Then suddenly they went off almost straight up and I never saw them again. I somehow, again I don't know how but I woke and it was morning. I thought maybe I had just dreamed all this and never said a word. That night I saw on the news that some unknown object had caused a power failure in a nearby town. I will never forget that night and this is the first time I have ever said anything about it. But I have often been troubled by the lapses of time and not remembering getting out of bed to get to the window.
