{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-03 07:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517759","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39961","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4074,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/759/mufon-5517759.json","updb_database_id":5517759}
Observed a black triangular craft land in a field with 2 occupants

Back at the beginning of June, I went out scouting for a place to build a deer stand for the upcoming season. I had went out the day before and cleared out a spot in which to build the stand. I got down to the spot early that morning with the rest of the supplies I needed to complete the stand. It was approx. 7:10am that morning because I got a call from a buddy of mine that was suppose to help me that day. I remember glancing at my watch when my cell phone rang. He said he could not make it down there that morning and we chatted for several more minutes and then hung up. I climbed down the ladder to get more nails from my truck. I happen to look across the field and I saw this dark object in a distance. I would say it was a few miles south of my location. I thought nothing of it, got the nails from the bed of my truck and climbed back up the ladder to finish bracing. I cant honestly say what time it was once I finished the seat portion of the stand but, I climbed on up in the stand to check the comfort and make sure it was braced proper and would be safe to hunt from. As soon as I sat down, the wind kicked up a little and I looked around to check out my line of sight and was shocked by what I saw. When I looked to my left, out in the corn field, I see a huge black object hovering low, just above the corn and then it disappears behind the woods just south of the field. I climbed down from the stand and proceeded to go over that way. All kinds of stuff was going through my mind. At first, I thought I had imagined the whole thing because it made absolutely no sound and yet it was less than 100 yards from me. Once I managed to cross the creek and make my way to the edge of the field, I could see the object. I even remember saying to myself, "holy sh*t, its on the ground"! This feeling of curiosity came over me. I was scared of what I was looking at but, I was drawn to it. I cant explain the overwhelming feeling I had to get closer to it. I never left the secure feeling of the edge of the woods and yet I felt like something was pulling me to approach this thing. After standing there, I walked about 30 yards just along the wood line and was approx. less than 60ft from it. I was actually behind the object, I think. Out of the blue, I looked over toward the corn field and I see two people walking toward the object. I thought oh my gosh, those are kids. I start waving my arms back and fourth and realize that I cant yell or anything. Now, at this point, Im scared, really scared. When the kids get closer, I can see clearly that they are not kids at all, they were midget like people and their skin was yellowish and the had the big eyes just like you see and hear about on TV. I thought holy sh*t, aliens. I was seeing real aliens. I was never a believer. Since that day, I have dreams about it and have even went to a doctor about it. I was in the mili. and I have seen everything there is to see but I never seen nothing compared to this. I have only told my doctor about what I saw and 3 other people. They all tell me I should not be drinking. They make fun about it. I took a lie detector test about the incident and I passed it. Now, I am looking for answers as to what I saw. In the end, I don't even remember getting in my truck and leaving, but I have not been back down there. The dreams, they are so vivid, and contain things about what I saw that I don't remember seeing.
