{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-20 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507759","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50921","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2827,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/759/mufon-5507759.json","updb_database_id":5507759}
{kt}outside smoking, observed pulsing brilliant white to red fiery orb

At approximately 1:45 myself and my cousin were having a final cigarette before bed. he was facing east toward his front door i followed a minute or so behind him when i noticed the steady white to red pulsing light. since the light lookedlike an aircraft signal like the one amile or so from my position, i nearly missed the initial shock of what i was about to see. my cousin was facing away from the light as i was facing towards the light, and my cousin. Gesturing to to him for a lighter panamime i noticed that the light had a steady two tempo pulse; white.red.white.redx2 BRIGHT.. WHITE..BRIGHT WHITE.. like morse code. No Sound, very close, there should have heard some kind of sound, especially considering the fact that a helicoptern past by louder and was vastly further that the light was. this whole time it seemed to be shaking almost vibrating, i also thought that i had observed it moving toward us, at which point it engorged itself directly at us with a steady to painfully brilliant light. then a second time it close succession. all the while it changes course and begins to circle us roughly 3- miles away in a semi circle path headed south southwest.and decending and pulling away in hasty fasion like it spotted that we spotted it and the intense flair of light was like a hard cold aknowledgment that we had been made. 3 times it flared during decent and all three times its brightness made me squint. finally running out of view i made the first email to Aleta, an investigator i had shared with before. this all takes place within about 5 minutes and followed soon after by a thick low rolling fog system. i couldnt get to my phone fast enough, and 3 videos were the result over a 2 hour time frame
I the end i am still unable to digest what we saw, and finally before i was done investegating i see it. i cant even begin to put a description into text.
A stopsign height, humanoid torso shaped Grey mass gliding from the street to the field roughly 100 yds from me. but no legs or decernable features other than a blobby mass resemling a dome on shoulders and arms in a slow motion jogging pattern gliding over curb,bush. did not getfootage
