{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-07-01 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451759","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109884","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2236,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/759/mufon-5451759.json","updb_database_id":5451759}
Large disc shaped object hovering over a grass field about 500 ft high

I was with another adult while driving my car toward a
grassy field area bordering the Hudson river. We saw an object
which had lights and a disk-like shape floating over the field, which on our left as we were driving toward a dead-end on a road facing the Hudson river and NJ to the west.
. I stopped the car I was driving to look further,
while my passenger seemed afraid. I got out of the car,
walked toward the object until it was over my head. It was totally
quiet. The lights seemed to be around the circumference and were pastel colors which changed slightly in intensity one at a time. After some time, less than a half hour, it rose into the sky
with no sound and took a quick path high and made a quick angle to the north. I returned to my car and tried to follow it, but it moved too high and too fast before I lost sight of it. I reported the incident by phone to either
a local news station or police. I was told that there was a blimp
hovering near Yankee Stadium and that was their explanation.
Yankee Stadium is near 165th street and I was on 200th street, out of view of Yankee Stadium.

It was NOT a Blimp and NOT of this earth.

Sometime after this incident, I had a "dream" that I was lifted
by a light beam toward flying discs and when I woke up, it
seemed that I lost about three hours. I don't know i there is
any connection between the two events.

PS The reason I am reporting this to you now is the result of my
viewing a recent Cable Program about UFO sightings and some of the depictions of the objects resembled what I saw.
