{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-31 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490759","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68817","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4064,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/759/mufon-5490759.json","updb_database_id":5490759}
{jpg} 4-5 lights flew over house, thought were sattelites at first until I noticed how many there were and how low they were when they got above me and stopped moving.

I was watching tv late last night, when I felt a urge to get up and look out the window next to me. It was strange to me, I ignored it because I was tired. But in a few seconds I felt an urge to go to the window again. I got up and went to the window. I looked up towards the direction of the moon and there was a strange looking light flying by below the moon. I told my girlfriend about it and how I felt like something was telling me to look out the window. So we went outside to get a better look. By this time the object was pretty much directly above us. It was pretty low, by my best guess I would say it was 500ft. up. She was commenting on how low it was and getting pretty scared. At this time I was looking around the sky above us and noticed there were at least 3-4 more of these "lights" spread out across an area of about 2-3 blocks, some of them seemed to be higher up than others. When I noticed how many of them there were they all stopped moving at once. The first one I saw was directly above us, just silently hovering there. The lights seemed to be changing color from white to red to green to blue very rapidly. There weren't multiple lights on each object, it was only one light changing color. We ran inside to get a camera but my camera battery was dead. So I grabbed my phone, that was also dead. Finally I grabbed my tablet that was on a charger at the time, but it doesn't have the best camera on it. I also grabbed a pair of binoculars and a small hand held telescope. By the time we got back outside a couple of the lights were gone. the one above us was still there and one a little to the left from our front porch (north). And another off to the west pretty far. The one above us was higher up than when we went inside, it was about 1000 ft. or more now, I couldn't really tell. But the amount of light it gave off didn't appear to change from when it was right above us. Same with the other 2. They were slowly moving upwards. I recorded them on my tablet for a minute or 2 and took about 10 photos. but I can't really see anything on the tablet. Maybe once I transfer the video and images to a computer they will be more visible. I looked at a couple of the lights with the binoculars and they didn't appear to have any structure at all, just a spot of light changing color. by this time they started moving away, towards the west. A slightly different course than before they stopped. Then my girlfriend saw another light coming from the south east, I looked at this with the binoculars and could tell it was a jet I could see the shape and lights of it and after a few seconds could hear the engins. This was much higher up than the lights too. when we saw the jet the other lights started moving away at a pretty high rate of speed. The jet was a large one, I don't know if it was a civilian or military jet but it looked like one of them large military jets like a c5 or what ever there called. The big ones with the radar on them. It was following the same course as the lights. I should also say that it was a perfectly clear night, not a cloud in the sky. The whole experience felt strange. Why I would get up to look out the window at 1:30 in the morning is beyond me. It just felt like something was drawing me to do it, and when I did the object was right there.
