{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-06 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288759","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114604","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3161,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/759/mufon-5288759.json","updb_database_id":5288759}
Black triangle appeared out of corner of my eye, hovered, then glided perhaps less than a mile to the west, rotated 90 degrees and disappeared.

I live in Wisconsin between Milwaukee and Madison. I have a large deck on my home that gives me a wonderful 180 degree sky. I was glad that it was a relatively clear night and warm because I enjoy skywatching at night when I can. I like spotting satellites and planes, memorizing stars and watching for meteors.

Tonight around 945 central I was tracking some planes in the sky and looking them up on FlightRadar. My deck faces a small prairie that has no trees so I have a very uninterrupted view of the sky. I was looking to my left (west) when out of the corner of my right eye I spot a black wedge hovering above the prairie.

It looked matte black, and shaped like a cheese wedge but flatter. It was maybe just under a 1000 feet in altitude, and was maybe 100-200 ft from tip to end, maybe 10-20 feet in height. Honestly hard to judge. It felt big but did not dominate the sky. It made no noise but it's movement didn't feel fast. It seemed to glide. It was facing west (my left) and was also moving in that direction. It moved very smoothly (?) from right to left and as I started to see it quarter-view I could see three lights on its back, each light separated by a vertical black line. I saw the belly of this thing shine metallic for a moment. After it had moved away from me until I could only see it's back, it was probably a mile away from me at this point, it started to rotate right on its longitudinal axis. The three lights disappeared once they had stacked vertically. This lights were rather dull and shimmered white, grey and purple. 

I felt sick to my stomach from the moment I saw it. It did not feel like it belonged and my brain had trouble understanding what it was seeing. I am obsessed with aviation, I have 40 hrs of flight time, I spot planes all the time and I'm an avid bird watcher. I know how things are supposed to move through our atmosphere and this just wasn't doing anything I've seen before. A dog that was outside in our neighborhood was going absolutely nuts as I was watching this.
