{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-02-01 18:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512759","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45548","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6025,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/759/mufon-5512759.json","updb_database_id":5512759}
{cak} Triangle like UFO seen with Tiny Orb flying around it.

On my way home from work, Friday February 1, I witnessed something I cant even believe. I originally left Clearwater Beach (Florida) and started heading for Dunedin at about 6:45 pm. The sun was basically down at this point and it was getting darker the closer I got to home. When I was originally coming over the Clearwater Beach Causeway I was astonished by the amount of air traffic in the area. The Clearwater area always has a steady stream of planes and helicopters through it, but it seemed so many at one time! And they were all very low (it seems to be that planes in the area have been traveling much lower than they used to). While still taking notice of the planes I turned left on to Fort Harrison. While heading down the street I had taken notice that off in the distance some way there was a helicopter. I was able to tell from the hovering and the light sequence. Helicopters are not uncommon in our area, especially during this time of night, rush hour, when accidents are high. Once along Edgewater I noticed a couple of low planes off to my left hand side an to the right I could still see the helicopter. I was trying to determine where I thought they were at & deciding whether or not to shut my iPod off & turn my radio on to see if there was any information about an accident. While doing this I saw what I thought was another helicopter, although it seemed to be much closer. It appeared from where I was that it was over the water, however when I came around a bend (by the hotel near Sunset Point) I realized that it was actually to the right side of my car. By this point it was extremely dark out. At the time I had my windows down and did not hear a helicopter at all and started to think how odd this was looking. Im a conspiracy nut and UFO enthusiast so I always jump to the UFO conclusion and then try to debunk myself. While thinking it just must be another helicopter I noticed what I initially registered in my head as a white bird all of a sudden appearing, it didn't take me long to realize that it was extremely dark and there was no way that I would be able to see a white bird that small and that bright! Immediately I realized I indeed did not see a bird, but it was more of a white, glowing orb, and it flew briefly in an odd spiral pattern and then just kind of disappeared. This only lasted a few seconds and it did not take me long to notice that the "helicopter" was indeed NOT a helicopter. There were 3 distinct lights that I noticed first. They were very large and circular. Their color pattern was blue, white, blue. Neither lit at the same time, instead they would light one at a time in the order they were on the craft. I also noticed that the craft seemed to be of a triangular pattern, but not with an exact point at the end, it was a more rounded point. I could not tell if it was because it was very dark, my eyes were playing tricks on me, or if it was just how it was, but I saw what was an outline, and I could see part of the craft, but the other parts, its as if they almost werent there. It was the oddest thing. Of what I could see it seemed to be made up of a very shiny metallic-like silver. Nothing I have ever seen before. This was on the front right hand side towards the nose of the plane. I also saw this similar color around where the lights were and could distinctly see the area where the lights were. They were very bright. I was trying to figure out what street to pull down while still trying to see the figure, but there are so many trees down those side streets I could not find a good one. Also, there are no pull over spots on Edgewater. The craft appeared to be hovering or at the least moving at a speed so slow that an aircraft that large should not have been able to stay in the air. Because I was moving, though, its hard for me to say for certain that it was for sure hovering. I kept it in my site, not even paying attention to the road for as long as I could. Then I made a bend in the road (where Clearwater turns into Dunedin) and it was out of my site, but it was almost as if I could feel it was still there. I immediately called my husband to tell him to go outside and see if he could see anything and he could not. I raised home, but there are so many trees in my area it blocks good views of anything. I was shocked and astonished by what I saw. Last night I was looking up sightings in Dunedin on the internet to see if anyone else had possibly saw the same thing and video/reported it. I didn't see anything for last night, but I did find one video on YouTube that is EXTREMELY similar to what I saw. So similar that it brought tears to my eyes and gave me goosebumps. You can see the video at [Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]. It lists that it was reported to MUFON, which made me decide to report it on here. While the video says its a boomerang object, it really is so far away and could possibly be a triangle as I saw. When I saw the craft it was much closer, lower to the ground, but the lights, the pattern size, and appearance of those lights is EXACTLY the same! Also, where the orb is located in this video is exactly where the orb was when I saw it, however, it was much much smaller in size and more of a white light than the yellowish light. Just seeing the video though made me know if I wasnt looking at the exact same thing I was looking at the CLOSEST thing!
