{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-04 22:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501218","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57848","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4061,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/218/mufon-5501218.json","updb_database_id":5501218}
{nd} Just prior to fire works ending. Spotted 3 objects in Western sky. Some distance away. Ran and got camera. Was able to photograph one of the objects.

On July 4th 2014 in Michigan, at around 9:00 p.m., went out to back yard to watch county fireworks from about 4 miles away. Around the end of the show at about 10:15 p.m. I noticed 3 stationary objects in the sky West of where the fireworks were taking place. They appeared about the size of a pea. I thought they were some kind of airplanes or helicopters until I noticed that they just hung there in the sky for quite some time not moving at all. These objects were lined up in a straight line (North to South) and appeared equidistant from each other. Around 10:30 pm the farthest North object started to leave going North probably about 3 or 4 miles then turned West and disappeared. The other two objects remained stationary for a short time then started to move. The middle object headed West and disappeared,the South object left in a South-East direction coming around almost directly to my South side and about 3 miles away. This object hovered stationary for about 4 minutes before returning to the original position. The middle object then returned to it's original position and the North object returned as well. They were lined up just as at the beginning. Next, the South object moved over to the middle object and just above it so they appeared to be stacked on top of each other. By this time I realized that this is not typical behavior of airplanes. I then ran back into the house, grabbed my camera and back out to the adjoining park next to my house to get pictures. The objects were now starting to make a number of movements back and forth, out and back and I tried my best to get stable photos. What really seemed weird was that when I would get the objects in the frame on my camera, they would simply disappear out of sight. I took several photos with the same result. Have never had that happen before with anything. The objects then started to leave going up and off in different directions. As the middle object rose straight up I managed to get it in the screen of my camera and did get a picture, the only one as they all left. This was about 10:50 pm.
I went directly inside and downloaded the pictures to my computer. The first few pictures were just pictures of the dark sky and stars, no objects at all but then I noticed one had a small reddish object in the middle, sure enough I managed to capture at least one picture of the objects which I posted here.
