{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-09 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287218","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116158","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2538,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/218/mufon-5287218.json","updb_database_id":5287218}
Lights that appeared to be stars but were moving around randomly but always returning to triangular configuration.

I went to sit by the Chicago lakefront tonight at 9pm and look at the stars and enjoy the evening. I was studying what I thought was a constellation triangle configuration when I noticed one of it's "stars" blinking white and red. It would drift away from the formation and then return. Some times it would drift away faster and sometimes it would drift away slower. Sometimes it would move in a curly-q or zig zag line. They were at least a mile or two out on the lake and about 2,000 to 3,000 ft. If these were hobby drones, they were very subtle and they weren't up there trying to get attention, that's for sure. Also, every time an airplane would take off from O'Hare, it would drift towards it and then when the plane passed, return to it's original spot. I don't think anyone would've noticed this casually and if this was hobby drone hoax, they were pretty mighty and whoever flying them were very subtle about it. Again, unless you were looking at the constellation for a few minutes, you wouldn't notice the movement. In fact, when a plane did fly near it, one of the lights in the triangular formation would drift towards it, changing the triangle shape. A second light in the formation would follow and would make the triangle look skewed. I watched these "stars" go back and forth for at least 45 mins. and I would've liked to stayed longer to see what became of the, but it was late and I didn't want to be out there all night. In general, I would say it was kind of mesmerizing but it was also kind of bizarre. My crappy old Samsung Grand Prime takes lousy night shots so none of my pics turned out. I don't think I get shots of such small lights in the sky anyway. I just want to say that if this is the work of hoaxsters with really high end drones, I think they are idiots for screwing with people's imagination.
