{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-25 23:24:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481218","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78807","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2179,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/218/mufon-5481218.json","updb_database_id":5481218}
It was scary and beatifuel

I was in my garden and get my black cat into our house. It was late and there was some lightnings. Our tree was destroyed from a storm and our cat was hiding below it. I looked after him and i knelt. As i stand up I saw a strange looking plane, i first thougt in the air. But then it flys very fast to the ground and stopped maybe 6 ft over the ground. I am very young and i never has sawn this before. Than after maybe 30 seconds, came a so bright light that i couldnt see anything. I closed my eyes and after i opend them there was a indescribably thing, i have never seen something like that. This thing looks like a mutant, it was maybe 1 m high and it has 4 arms and stings on his head. It looked like something was very moldy tihs colour and it steps very strange. This thing has three foods and it was very scary. It stands there and looked in the way i looked. than after 2 minutes after looking the thing turned and it saw me. The bright light came again and after a few seconds again it was in the air with his UFO. The UFO colours where blue and white. Than it flew in the air and it was incredible fast. The thing make a muster which looks like a little bit like a sun and a eye. Than it stands on one point maybe in 3 kilometers high and after 4 seconds, you could hear the sound if something break the sound barrier but 6 times louder. After that came 2 lightnings again at the point where the ufo was. It was my first UFO sight and i alwyas know that they exist. The evening after that so the saturday i watched a documentary about UFO and saw the page Mufon.
