{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-09-13 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454218","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107401","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3129,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/218/mufon-5454218.json","updb_database_id":5454218}
{tjd} 2 lights I observed moving, one erratcially. The 2 lights appear to be stars?

Sometime in the middle to late September of 2019, in the area of N 51st Ave and W Cactus Rd, I was looking up at the sky, looking to the West and observed movement to the approximate 10-11 O'clock position of the constellation Orion. Initially, I saw one light moving back and forth and up and down erratically at different speeds. I have seen drones before and that is what i thought at first, but discounted that as the altitude was 2 high and the speed was too great for any drone i have ever seen. Plus, it would speed in one direction, the suddenly stop (no decceleration) and then speed off the other direction, also something i have never seen drones do before. They looked just like the stars if have always seen them as, no flickering lights or anything like that. After watching this light, i eventually realized there were in fact 2 that were moving. I have seen these 2 lights in the past but never saw them move. I have always seen them, and still do, as stars. I'm not an astrologist, but the best I can ID them as are the stars Castor and Pollux. They are the 2 stars that are always to the 10-11 O'clock position of Orion and are approximately the same brightness. The lower ( and to the right) star was doing all the erratic movements and that upon looking at it further, i noticed the top (and to the left ) star simply going horizontal to the lower stars erractic movement. The only movement the upper star did was horizontal at all times and it kept the same diagonal distance to the lower star at all times. The lower star's erratic movements included zig-zagging one-direction, then go up a little, then continue the same horizontal direction ,the go up again numerous time, like a step pattern. If i looked closely at the lower star when it actually came to a stop, i could faintly make out smaller lights that appeared as if they were falling down from it, then go back up into it. This was I believe one to two lights at a time and it occured only 2 during my observation, which lasted approximately an hour. I shined my spotlight at the lights as well as a laser light in an attempt to evoke a reaction. They did not react. The movement of the lower lights decreased in intensilty after approximately an hour and continued until 5-5:30 when the sun came out and they disapeared like all stars do when the sun comes out. I also attempted to film the objects, but they did not appear on my cellphone, probably due to their distance.
