{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458218","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103326","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2391,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/218/mufon-5458218.json","updb_database_id":5458218}
Little grey man, standing in my living room.

Tamara was awoken by her baby at about 3:30 am, she fed it and put it back to sleep. She was in great need of the toilet and on her way through the living room, she encountered a 4 ft dolphin-grey extra-terrestrial. She was really up and close to it. It looked at her, as if it was caught unaware. It had big black eyes, a silver suit that covered its whole body and feet area. The suit appeared to have no markings or emblems as she said she looked for any. The encounter was definitely humanoid (biolgical - and not robot like), with no protruding nose or ear, had a definite mouth area but the lips were the same colour as its skin (no difference in skin tone). She was not afraid as it was not intimidating, and she even said "hello" to it. She really wanted to communicate with it. She did not receive any communication back, nor did it give her any message, or attempt at communicating. The encounter did not seem scared of her either, but just neutral expression and neutral demeanor. Just stared at her. She did not feel any sensations. She was bursting for the toilet and went and when she came back it was gone. She went back to bed and her mind was busy. She tried to wake her husband but he did not wake, which was unusual as he usually does. Her other two children who were sleeping did not awaken to anything either.

Tamara also mentioned that she has had previous encounters before this one. She is not sure if it is the same one but definitely of same kind as very similar in appearance. Once before on their family farm in Victoria, as well as when she was pregnant with her child, but at that time she put it down to a dream. But this time she knows for a fact that it wasn't a dream, as very vivid, she was awake and had just attended to her baby.
