{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-04-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469218","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91320","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5728,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/218/mufon-5469218.json","updb_database_id":5469218}
Was confronted in the middle of the night by what appeared to be ET's in my bedroom.

I was awoken in the middle of the night at about 3 or 4am. The room was still dark but there was a slight glow to the room. I was half conscious and gradually regained more awareness with my eyes fully opened. My body was completely paralyzed but I was fighting and screaming at the entities in the room. I used every strength I had to fight them reaching my hands out and screaming what I thought was aloud but was telepathic. My body lost all functioning and I couldn't even open my mouth to scream but I did mentally as loud as I possibly could. I knew they heard every word I screamed at them. I fought them with all the energy I could. I told them they have no authority to touch me or take anything from me. That I had my free will and they were not permitted to do anything to me.
I felt them put more energetic force on me and I began to get more and more tired unable to stop them and felt I couldn't fight them any longer and to just give up. I heard in my mind to just give up that I could not fight them. I felt like they were taking my baby from me. I had not had my period in 2 and a half months and I felt I was pregnant but was not completely sure because of my age 47 I felt it could be premenopausal symptoms aswell. I had an appointment with my Dr 2 days after this incident to check whether I was pregnant. My tests showed negative 2 days later. I eventually tired and felt myself sinking deeper into unconsciousness. I saw more than one being in the room. I heard in my mind that they are greys. There was one very tall figure about 6 or 7 feet tall not completely sure as I was lying down. He was wearing a robe like dressing and he had 2 distinct protrusions on his large skull and forehead. He seems to have authority over the matter. There were more beings in the room smaller than the larger one. Not sure how many but I feel there were at least 2 more. I remember I really hated the taller one as he seemed to have no care for what he was doing to me and what could have possibly been a small embryo of mine. I don't know if they impregnated me or if I was pregnant with my partner and they took the small fetus from us? I don't know if I was even pregnant for sure it was just a feeling and what I was screaming out to them in the middle of the night. I very quickly fell deep asleep and the next day I felt it was a horrible nightmare that my eyes where fully opened to see what I saw. But I knew very well this was a familiar feeling to me as in 1996 I had another similar experience with 2 small greys in the middle of the night when they temporarily paralyzed me and shoved something up my nose. At that time I thought it might have been a terrifying nightmare but over the years I was shown footage of abduction accounts and realized they were very similar to my own experience and began to realize that those experiences were as real as they felt.

A couple days after this incident took place I had the intuition to check my body to see if there was any visible evidence from my experience. So just before I had a shower I had a look around my body and then I noticed an indentation on my mid back right side just along my spine. It felt like a hole in my back with a layer of skin on top. It was something very unusual and an unlikely thing to find on your back. I feel some discomfort from it and it feels like a wound as though it is in the process of healing. It's like a piece of tissue beside my spine has been taken. I feel a metallic feel around it and it's slightly sensitive when I move or twist my back.
I asked my mother to take a picture of it as it is such an unusual thing to have on my body never seen before and it has a slight triangular red shape over the surface.

I felt a lot of anger from this experience. That I did not agree or give my permission to do what ever it is they are doing. I had to learn to just let it go and to not allow fear or anger to over take me. I do feel some fear going to bed now and have noticed I am going to bed a lot later staying up until 2am. My partner is away a lot so I am sleeping alone most nights. I wonder if he had been there sleeping beside me if these beings would have come?

I'm trying to have positive thoughts that maybe whatever these beings are doing to experiment with our DNA or embryos is for some greater good. I really hope so anyways!!
I have asked for a lot of protection around me. I have been fortunate to have had positive encounters with other ETs and have seen dozens of UFO sightings. I've had other encounters and have picture's of markings from an encounter in March 17, 2011 of which I took a sample of and is in my freezer. 

This last experience was not at all good and I wonder if they truly were ETs or government posing as ETs? I'd love to go under hypnosis to know the truth.
And for a doctor or specialists who is familiar with these type of extractions from the body to have a look at the indentation on my back.
Thanks for listening. I hope one day we will get more answers to what all these experiences mean.
