{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-15 20:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288218","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115151","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2928,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/218/mufon-5288218.json","updb_database_id":5288218}
1 to 9

Single MASSIVE craft spotted hovering over Junction City near Eugene Airport. I always watch the big dipper at night (former ship deckhand) and spotted an extra supernova in the big dipper (i thought).  Then it moved.  As it came closer towards our town I thought it was a hot air balloon due to the hover.  Out of nowhere it bolted maybe 1 mile instantly.  I called my wife on her phone out to witness this, she is an ICU nurse.  We watched it make impossible right angle moves that covered the entire sky in maybe 1/4 of a second.  I watched it for 15 minutes, it scared the [removed/CMS/fgc] out of me.  I never thought about any of this stuff before.  It voided out my religion views on creation, set firm beliefs about extra terrestrial life.  It has bothered me for years.  I've flown planes before with my roommate, this had no marker lights, no sound, no sonic boom. It varied from 5000 feet to higher, we lost it in space as it went from 10k feet, split from 1 to 2, 2 to 4, 4 to 8 (in tight formation) then faded into space.  It's taken me years to talk about this publicly.  My child was only a couple years old at the time and sleeping in the house. Time was around 8PM, I was just taking out the garbage.  He was in the house while we were out there, I was terrified of what was happening having no idea what it was.  I tried to get video but my iphone just showed a dot that disappeared, it was horrible so we just watched it.  It was extremely hard to track due to the speeds. It never arced, it was right angle shots like watching a ball on a pool table.  It stopped over the airport for a long time, also stopped over radio towers on the nearby hills and a high voltage powerline.  I noted the exact spots where it paused for a few moments and went to them later, nothing unusual.  There was a pattern to it, the areas that it stopped many had radio communication equipment.  I've never been able to find anyone else to confirm this or other reports on it.  It was moving faster than a meteor so I'm not surprised nobody saw it. Had I not seen it for that brief time hovering I never could have spotted those rapid moves on a casual glance up.  This event changed my life and changed everything I believe.  I wish it never happened but I am glad my wife saw it too, nobody would have believed this event. It was crazy.
