{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-28 01:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493218","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66298","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4746,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/218/mufon-5493218.json","updb_database_id":5493218}
{nd} 4 life altering events.

My four life altering events are the following. It was about two weeks after the superbowl, a Weds morning about 1:30am in 2014. I couldn't sleep, so I went to the back yard to smoke a cigarette. I sat down on our rode iron chairs with over stuffed pillows, relaxed, put my head back and was looking at sky at a north east direction. Looking at all the stars was beautiful, suddenly one star just a little touch to the right got very bright. I turned my head just one click to the right and starred at the star. Then to my shock that star drew one line in the sky about one inch wide. It was like a huge florescent light in the sky. Then that brightness shot up and made a rectangle standing up, except that it had a triangular streak, wide at the bottom and going across the center of the rectangle, in the middle. The rectangle has so bright it lit up the entire neighborhood, as if it were day time. I did not take my eyes off of it for one second. I starred inside and noticed it was circular and smooth inside. As if I were looking into a cigar shaped object. Inside was the whitest white you can ever imagine. Inside the rectangular circular thing was what I can only call a space ship. It was dull silver, really banged up. It was sectioned. Like one cone on top of another cone. So, I saw the first three sections of the ship. It was huge! As big as Los Angeles, itself! This was a mother ship cloaked from human eyes. I looked deep inside the object and say the first 3 sections of the space craft. It was obviously floating in the center of the cigar shaped cloaked object. This all lasted about 7 seconds, but they were the longest 7 seconds of my life. Then it zipped down, accross to the original starting point and dimmed like all other stars. That star still remains and I feel it is a port hole for them to look at us and observe.

 Then about 10 days later, I went to the backyard at around 6:30pm. The sun was setting and I was sitting in the same chair. Relaxed looking up at the sky, then I noticed something bright in the sky about 3 clicks to the right or east. This bright light started to go around and around until it was one firey circle. As if it were cutting thru some stuffing. Then suddenly that same real bright flourescent light appeared or shot out from the middle of the firey circle. I then saw what looked like a flea fly out from the middle. The light turned off and the firey circle started slowing down until it came to a stop and dissapeared. 

 About 6 months ago I saw what looked like a bright light streak above my house, I was in the back yard. It went higher and higher, until it left our atmosphere with a firey blast. I heard the same click when it left our atmosphere, again as if turning off an oxygen based propulsion and changing into some outer space kind of propulsion (sounds like Ion based propulsion). The trouble is that it veered to the right above our atmosphere catching the sun's rays high above our night sky. I saw that it was a triangular craft with one large engine in the back. I did hear and felt a click when it left our atmosphere, as if shutting down an oxygen based propulsion and turning on a space based propulsion system. 

 My last encounter was just days ago, when I saw the same kind of object leaving our atmosphere, except that this time the exhaust aimed directly at me as I felt the propulosion and warmth of the force. I still see reflective objects in my eyes, as if someone took a flash picture at you and you see stuff for days. There is a strange sensation in the back of my brain ever since.

 Finally, about 3 days after Christmas in 2013 I saw a Super Nova in Orians belt. In between the two left stars. I felt a huge waive of sadness. It was overwhelming. As if a whole civilization was destroyed and what was left weaped in sorrow. I believe these people have known a close star was going super nova close to their home world soon. They have been preparing for this inevitable moments for over 3,000 years. This is why they have been visiting us and why they are here now. How I know this? I don't know but it does all add up.
