{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-13 19:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528579","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26988","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4201,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/579/mufon-5528579.json","updb_database_id":5528579}
6-8 Bright red orange orbs in a row come on then one at a time they dim out

I was driving home on FM 410 North when I seen one bright red orange light out of my peripheral. Just as I looked in its direction it was dimming out. I knew it was not an airplane as there are always planes flying over at much greater altitude than this light was at. It was stationary. 

I continued staring in the sky and then two red orange lights/orbs lite up. They were stationary, in the same place the first light came on. The two lights stay on for a few seconds and then dim out one at a time. 

I knew then this was not anything I could explain. I am still driving but now going very slow never taking my eyes off the sky. A few seconds later 6 - 8 red orange lights come on. 

The lights are in a row, still in the same place, not moving. The lights are all on for a few seconds and then one at a time they go out.

I seen lights and noting else. I could not see what they were attached to. After all the lights went out that was it. They sky looked just like nothing was there, like the ufo was invisible. There was no sound, nothing dark blocking my view of the stars, nothing.

I was shocked when I seen the lights because I knew what I was seeing was a ufo, but I could not believe I was really seeing it at the same time. 

As I drove closer to my home at a very slow speed, and still looking at the sky I realized that the area of the sky I seen the ufo at was almost directly over my house. 

I whipped in my driveway, stopped immediately, got out and stared at the sky, but there was nothing there just the stars. 

I went inside freaking out, I was alone pacing back and forth in my kitchen going to the window looking out, and then I would think what if they are still out there, so I would walk back to the main area. If I was to look out my kitchen window I could see the ufo if it was still there. It was not there, but I wanted to look and didn't want to look at the same time. 

I text my sister, I think I just seen a ufo. Right away she called me and she was freaking out too because she said the son of the woman she worked for had just seen the exact same thing I had seen a few minutes before.

My sister works at a gas station which is about 7 miles north of my home. The same time the boy was seeing the ufo she was closing the store when all of the sudden all the lights went out in the store, and all the lights in the entire area surrounding its location went out.
Every thing went pitch black. She said it was like something drained the power.

The home of her boss is about one mile east of the store my sister works at. This is where the boy seen the ufo. He described the exact same thing I seen. It was over his house long enough for him to go inside to get a shotgun and come back outside. It scared him. This all happened about ten minutes before I seen the ufo. 

Later in the evening my sister is texting a friend about the events that had happened and he replies to her that his uncle also seen a ufo and his uncle had described what he seen to be the same thing I had seen and the boy had seen. 

His uncle lives a few miles northeast of the gas station my sister works at. 

So these lights made three appearances on the night of December 13 between 6:00 to 7:10pm in a distance of about twenty miles, with three different people, myself included, in three different locations.

I do not know the other two personally, I have not spoken more than a sentence to the other two people. We do not share anything in common except the fact that we all know my sister.
