{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-04 09:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286579","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116803","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5960,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/579/mufon-5286579.json","updb_database_id":5286579}
Witnessed multiple strange sightings throughout the night, kept watching for more.

For disclosure prior to listing the sighting, most of this was witnessed at the top of a tall floor of a very tall apartment building which overlooks to the horizon which is northern Spokane. This was witnessed on Independence day, So I would like to clarify that the area we witnessed these was well above the horizon line where fireworks could reach. I feel that is an important disclaimer before this gets written off as silly things such as fireworks. We do not know what we witnessed, but I personally have had multiple sightings over the years and this was akin to them. 
It started around 9:45 PM, We were out on our porch and had been looking up at the sky just prior, when my partner said " Woah do you see that? What is that?" and pointed out a strange white light in the sky, which was still low enough that it was within the fading light on the horizon from the sun (but high enough to be peculiar) I also noted that being able to see light that bright when it wasn't full darkness was strange. The light when appearing from my partners perspective " Came in like a shooting star, from the west, (when facing north) then stopped before moving again. This was the point where I began witnessing it myself. It appeared to make a small shooting star like zip to me, then stopped, and started moving more slowly, but twice as fast as a plane if not faster ( we live in an area where planes go overhead often ) So it was going quite fast for something we are used to seeing in the sky. At this point it stopped again, disappeared momentarily, reappeared, kept moving towards the west, and went out of view, but upon looking for it from a different perspective without trees in the way, it was no longer there. About five minute later as I was gesturing towards the sky while we were still looking up at the sky, and talking about how crazy it was and past experiences, I saw it reappear ( possibly reappear, It could have been a different craft entirely for all I know ) From there it moved slowly up hear where the Big Dipper constellation sits, only to shoot off once more in a star like fashion. In that moment all the hair on my neck and arms stood up instantly, which reminded me of the feeling I had during another unrelated sighting years ago. After this we just kept looking at the sky from our high up apartment and back down at the porch off and on. Over the course of the next 3 hours or so we saw multiple sightings that were incredibly strange. Through those 3 hours we lost track of how many things we had seen. At this point we were viewing lights appearing and disappearing near the Cassiopeia constellation and between it and the Big Dipper constellation. Several things we were able to right off as possible satellites, but we also saw multiple lights appear, going at fair speed, then stopping on a dime. After they would stop sometimes they would change direction completely or continue on at a slight angle from where they stopped. Some would just stop and disappear entirely. We legitimately lost count eventually. There was one light that appeared that was SIGNIFIGANTLY brighter then the rest, and it behaved very strangely moving around in the sky, slightly higher than the rest had been, before almost flashing out of existence. This one we have horrible phone footage of, but the light was bright enough its visible. In the footage you can almost see a strange shadow in the light. We also have footage of some of the lights that kept appearing and disappearing without moving, but they were much dimmer so its harder to make out. After hours of seeing things like this I did see another just towards the end of our night viewing, my partner also saw it from a different perspective. To me it shot up from what appeared to be the south to the north east, and for me it seemed incredibly green light ( the green reminded me of some meteors (meteorite?) when they fall but it was going up.) My partner says from his perspective It came down vertically and appeared like a shooting star, but then stopped and bounced straight up back into the sky again very quickly like a shooting star and disappeared. I assume I only saw it going up, since my angle was more obscured than his. There were several random ones after this, but at that point we had already been blown away and were very tired so we called it a night and went to bed. This was my partners first sighting, and though I expected him to be skeptical he was more intrigued than anything. I've seen lots of other postings online from that evening about witnessing strange things that all have been written off as fireworks and drones. From our perspective on the things we saw, these were not devices we are familiar with, and if others witnessed this, they would say the same. Thank you for all your hard work MUFON, and thank you for making a space for people to bring their sightings to be researched.
