{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-15 06:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524579","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31258","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4440,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/579/mufon-5524579.json","updb_database_id":5524579}
A rare opportunity to witness two red orbs on two occasions

The reason I write this is because this occurrence happened to me twice as I have on a rare opportunity to witness on two separate occasions two red orbs11
The first time was on Vancouver Island (summer of 1996) on very bright star night this was a group sighting and not just one person 11I must point out that we were far from city lights11 at a friend11s farm. Just entertaining ourselves in the evening 11no we were not drunk 11just relaxing on sun loungers totally oblivious and never discussed anything remotely about looking for UFO11s in the sky, not until we saw what we saw the two red orbs. I can surly say without a doubt, the hair on my arms stood rock hard. Explain what we saw NO! I cannot, our conversion totally took a different track making suggestions and conclusions, they did not just vanish, and it was the distance between them and us was getting farther away and harder to see them
My thought was that they were on a mission as probes sent ahead to scout around, we watched them as far as we can see them before they were out of sight. 
The second time was in North Carolina
Once again they were fairly high in the dark star lit night sky, no sound came from them and we could clearly see they were two individual objects as I can see the stars between them as they passed me by. The usual questions arose when this subject brought up, (lights from a distant car brake lights, airplane flying close by, as they have red and green lights, jet fighter, helicopter, as you know the usual debunking stuff)
I live in the country, away from city lights and traffic, airfield, military bases, so again lights from other moving cars, planes, helicopters the answer is a blatantly NO! What I saw is unexplainable, wish someone could
If anyone can put an explanation to what these things were, we will be very interested to hear from someone.
Looking forward to hearing from someone
Regards
Phil
Now I watch the skies.

My response to the second sighting
1.	Where you and what were were you doing at the time?
1X	This was early in the morning around 5:30am in the morning I was at home walking towards my truck which is parked in the rear drive way, getting ready to drive for work.
2. What made you first notice the object?
1X	The moment I stepped into the truck, I just happened to see them these two red orbs in the sky, knowing I had witnessed them before and had thought great again. This time my concentration was encapsulated into more thinking on what I was watching once again

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?
1X	Unable explain exactly what we saw!, only conclusion was that they were probes sent ahead to scouting mission
4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.
1X	When I saw once again these two red orbs in the sky, they were fairly high in the dark star lit night sky. No sound came from them and I could clearly see they were two individual objects as I can see the stars between them as they passed me by in a straight line, they remained at a distance apart unti9l I no longer was able to see them as they were too far away

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.
1X	My feeling before the sighting was normal as can be getting ready to drive to work like any other uneventful morning. My feelings after the sighting, was ecstatic and I wanted them to turn round and come back my way again to see more of them and for a longer period of time

6. How did you lose sight of the object?
1X	I watched them as long as I could until they were too far away to been 

Please help to explain what I saw

Yours Sincerely 
Phil
