{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-02-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547579","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"15718","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3340,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/579/mufon-5547579.json","updb_database_id":5547579}
Very very odd.

First off for the past 4 or 5 days there has been some kind of Bright Light appearing and disappearing in the sky in front of my home at Lake Brownwood. I called the sheriffs office on the morning of Feb 24, 09 and asked them if they had had any reports of a light in the sky, they said 1no1 that I was the only one that had called about it. After work I went home and started to make dinner and had to run to the store, I returned home from the store at about 7:00 p.m. and I know that it was about 7 because the store that I had just came from closed at 7. When I got to my house which took me less then a min. my fianc1 and son were sitting on the front porch step talking, so when I got out of the car I stopped and talked to them. While I was standing there talking to them to the right of me in the sky above my neighbors house 4 red lights appeared in the sky one right after the other, I dropped everything that I was holding in my hands and started to scream at my fianc1 1did you see it ,did you see it?1 and as soon as I started to scream it took off and shot up in the sky, he ran out into the street and I ran in the house and got my digital camera and we ran down the street screaming at our neighbors to come out side and see what was going on. While we were going down the street the 4 red lights appeared again, and the neighbor got to see it, a different neighbor came out of her house and watched the sky with us- it was almost dark but the sun beams were still kinda shinning in the sky behind the horizon and you could see lots of the 1aircrafts1 moving around and turning in way1s that normal man mad aircraft surely couldn1t. We seen an F-16 jet come from one side of the sky and fly right over us and to the left of us- made a big turn and went back the way it came. BUT when it turned around to go back one of the crafts took off after it and just smoked by it-then made a 901 turn and went straight back the way it came and flew out of sight. We could see lots and lots of the crafts in the sky fluttering around and when it started to get really dark you could see them fly up higher in the sky and make themselves look like the stars. My fianc1 stayed up all night looking at the sky and you could see them move one way and come back, change colors. They would be next to each other in sets of 21s one bright and one dim-or they would be in the shape of a triangle. The more you stared at them the better you could see them move around and go back. They were still moving around way up in the sky early is morning.I took some video with my digital camera and you can see a bright light be there and disappear and reappear. I can1t find the cord to my camera to load it up with this but I have it none the less.
