{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-05 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499579","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59556","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3025,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/579/mufon-5499579.json","updb_database_id":5499579}
{dr}It was disc shaped, flashed a green light intermittently as in vodeo but sometimes it disappeared then would reappear seconds later

I stopped on my moped in front of Packer's Market on Central Street in Franklin, NH. I had stopped because people were setting off fireworks down by the river, across the river from where we stood (fireworks were independently done as Franklin has no displays yearly). There was a woman and her white mixed pit breed that was already stopped there. We commented to each other how this was amazing that no cops were stopping by to stop the fireworks and how professional some of them looked. Then the object appeared in the area of the track and football practice field of the high school. It hovered for minutes then started moving in different directions and then returning to its original spot over what is the track and football practice field for the high school. The only lights it had were green that flashed, sometimes consecutively, then intermittently, then stopping. 

When a group of fireworks ended, the object started to fly off then completely disappeared. Then it reappeared and started descending to the ground. When it landed I asked the woman if she saw what I saw. She said yes but she didn't want to say anything because maybe her eyes were deceiving her or maybe I would think she was crazy if I didn't see it. We both said what we saw and our descriptions were identical. Suddenly, it ascended straight up far into the air and I said we should take pictures. I was able to videotape it for 22 seconds before it left. On the videotape all I can see is a flashing dot (it is a phone camera). I don't know how to zoom in to see it clearer. When it disappeared the last time, we both decided to leave the area as we were a little fearful about staying when we were the only women and only people there on the street and in the area. We didn't go down to the field either as we were both afraid as it was very dark in that area.

This was not reported earlier because I didn't know who to report it to. I saw an article tonight (Wednesday night) so I am reporting it now.

I don't have another email or a cell phone to report to you (I keep my cell # private.)
