{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-06-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463579","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97364","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2610,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/579/mufon-5463579.json","updb_database_id":5463579}
{dr}V-Shaped UFO spotted flying fairly low perpendicular to farm fields.

The date is just a guess, I would guess this happened sometime in either 1999 or 2000 and it was definitely during the summer months.

I was staying over to my grandparents house one night. My grandfather and I went outside probably around 10:00 PM, to shut off the water to his garden. I was just standing there watching my grandfather and talking to him. Suddenly my grandfather interrupted me and said "what is that?", pointing up to the sky. It was huge, it's span (judging by the visible lights) was at least twice 250 feet, v-shaped, and had probably 10 or 12 somewhat dim yellowish lights. It was moving very slowly, almost hovering, it made absolutely no noise. It was flying at an extremely low altitude, I bet somewhere around 200 - 300 feet. It was very odd that something that humongous could fly that low, nearly hovering, it was flying so slow while not making any noise, almost like it was gliding. 

I was terrified, my grandfather and I both knew what we were seeing was not any type of airplane or regular aircraft. I remember wanting to scream but being too scared to (possibly drawing attention from the UFO) and literally not being able to, definitely something the UFO affected. My grandfather and I both just stood there watching the UFO fly slowly overhead of us, once it finally flew over us, we continued watching it as it continued on flying at the same height and speed, following the same path until we could no longer see it once it crossed over a treeline about two miles down the road. The entire sighting from beginning to end seemed like at least 25 minutes, although it was probably actually only about 5 minutes at most. I remember once I could no longer see it, just standing there, confused and horrified about what just occurred and worried that it may come back. 

The path that the UFO flew was a perfectly straight line, as it followed the edge of where the farm field and residential yards met up.
