{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-10-15 03:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496579","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62815","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2203,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/579/mufon-5496579.json","updb_database_id":5496579}
There were 2 events. 1) Observed object (shining) stationary for many minutes B4 rapid Vert lift.2) Abduction months later.

In August of 1998 I went to England for a vacation. I took a day cruise to Belgium. While returning I saw a shining object to the East. Since it was early evening the sun was low in the west. There were clouds to the east and the object was stationary below the clouds. I watched the object for perhaps 20 minutes before it made a rapid vertical climb that took only seconds to disappear behind clouds.
The second experience occurred back in Canada a couple of months later. While sleeping I felt myself being pulled through the air at tremendous speed. My face was contorted as a result of the G force. My next recollection was being in a dark space. In front of me there appeared to be some kind of instrument panel. In front of me at a short distance there was an entity. It was a silhouetted and the frontal features were not visible due to the darkness. There was no sound but I had a sense that there was some sort of communication. I did not feel any discomfort during this encounter, I didn't feel threatened in any way. My next awareness was in my bed. My face was hot and felt very dry. My body was completely paralysed. The paralysis while being totally aware of what had just happened was disconcerting. For the next ten years I regularly felt the pinging in my ear and had a feeling that some part of my mind was being uploaded. I have not had that experience for many years. There have been many occasions when I discover cuts or other marks on my body which I cannot explain.
