{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-30 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529579","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25941","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3595,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/579/mufon-5529579.json","updb_database_id":5529579}
A brief, but very close encounter with a low flying, silent craft.

It was Monday Aug 30, 2010. 11.15pm when I saw it. I'm living in the Cork City, suburbs, ireland. Beyond my house is fields, so pretty dark. It was a clear night. Stars visible. I popped out the back garden for a cigarette (no funny stuff - too old) My wife was watching TV inside. Then I saw this, I don't' know what to call it - craft??! Ship? Appeared low, and came almost overhead. Flying from north east to south west. The whole thing lasted 3 seconds. I'm a graphic artist by trade, so I've taken a photo of the portion of sky and roughed up closely what the object looked like. Please NOTE: This IS NOT A PHOTOGRAPH OF THE OBJECT!!!. I couldn't get the middle section right tho. The middle section looked... like, have you ever seen an oil slick in water? Or the rainbow colours when you blow those kids bubbles? I'm sorry, I can't give a better description, it looked like a transparent blur of slight colour. Just bizarre. The body was clearly black against the sky, though the sky "was" dark. And it had 2 rings of dim orange/white light on either end - which I could plainly see the sky through. Overall - it didn't emit much light. And sounded exactly like someone exhaling slowly and gently. In fact I'm not sure it even did make a sound, but I thought I heard a breath. It could well have been my own. I am, however, 100% confident in what I "saw". I spoke to my wife and parents and tried to figure it out - to no avail. I didn't have any time for photgraphing, and if I was standing there with the camera on - it probably wouldn't have occured to me. I was quite shaken. I'm an amateur backyard astronomer. I know my planets, stars, satellites & meteorites. I've seen a lot of odd things in the sky, all explainable - but not this. I was going to contact the local airport and ask if anything showed on radar, but to be honest - I feel silly discussing this with anyone. I know there's life "out" there, the universe is beyond infinite. But to see something like this, so close - is pretty much life changing. I've spent the last few weeks searching ufo's online, but I haven't seen anything the same "shape" as what I saw. What I saw was almost "wrench" shaped. I've purchased a good lense and camera, and spend about 3 nights a week in my back garden, but I doubt I'll ever see anything like this again. 

Have a look at the attached graphic, it's as close as I can recreate (bar the centre). I'd love to hear your thoughts on this and if anyone else has reported anything similar. This is my first time reporting anything - so forgive me if i've left any details out - just ask.

PS. Im not sure if this is of any relevance. But my father rang me the next day and say there was a large power outtage in my area about 30 minutes before this happened. Probably nothing to that really, but that's all the info I can think of.
