{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-07 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516579","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41536","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3073,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/579/mufon-5516579.json","updb_database_id":5516579}
(GS) triangle made up of three lights

I was coming out from my back door to sit down on my chair where my laptop was. I was doing something in the house for a few minutes but when I came outside to sit down that was when I noticed it. The "object" stood out to me since there was no cloud coverage in the sky and no stars surrounding it. It was just hovering there. The first light that made up the triangle was blue/white in color, same with the bottom left one, but the bottom right was orange/red. Right away I knew this was not a group of stars, all the stars were off to the North and South directions. At first I was telling a friend about it because I began to feel a bit freaked out about this. Im a strong believer in the paranormal and Cryptozoic fields, but I do have a proper amount of skepticism too. Like I said, I was talking to a friend and then decided to take a flashlight and go into the field that surrounded a majority of the trailer park I life in. I played it off cool when a neighbor greeted me when she was bringing in groceries after late night shopping, but when I got into the opening trail for the field I started to get paranoid. I didn't go off the trail but close to the end and just stood there and watched as the blinking lights of an aircraft began to go around behind the "object" and then dip down lower after doing so and flying off. I thought this was a bit strange and then looked around and noticed that there were more aircrafts moving around in the sky, not to mention twenty or so minutes later I say these flickering orange/red looking lights moving around in the sky far off to the right as an aircraft was flying by. Already a bit freaked out and panicky by what I saw, I went in the house and told my mother but then came back outside to alert a few of my friends on Facebook via status message about this event. Just recently I tried to look for the "object" and noticed two of the three lights were gone and just now I noticed the third one was gone as well. I didn't see any of the lights move or depart from where they were at but they just hovered there, occasionally glowing/pulsating in a way that stars wouldnt normally do nor would aircrafts. I know Im not crazy nor am I dillusional, and what I saw was real. If I had a working camera I wouldve gathered evidence to support my claim, but I don't, unfortunately. Is there anyone else out there who saw this anomaly too? Or did what I witness was just nothing at all?
