{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485579","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74150","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3596,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/579/mufon-5485579.json","updb_database_id":5485579}
{jpg} Apparition of apparent alien gray seen in photograph of rug in living room, Apparition not seen when photo was taken.

This was a two day event, The night of the first day I was in bed getting ready to go to sleep. My girlfriend was sitting up reading and our two Boston Terriers were at the foot of the bed sleeping. There were multiple taps on glass sounding like it came from living room. My dogs heard this as well and immediately barked, and ran to living room. My girlfriend sleeps on side of bed closest to window. She got up, opened window and looked out at front yard of house. It was dark and she could not see anyone. It was approximately 11:30 pm. I got up, quickly dressed and went out front door. It was a damp night and if anyone would have stepped on the grass in front of picture window there would be footprints; There were none. I went into back yard and also saw nothing. At this time there was another apparent knock at the front window. I looked with a flashlight to see if it might have been a squirrel or raccoon but there was nothing. We then returned to bedroom and prepared for sleep. As I crawled into bed, the light in the back bedroom came on. When I went to see what was the cause, I found that the light switch was in the ON position. After shutting off the light I returned to bed with no further events that night.
 Day two: IN my living room was a large Persian rug. This rug was left to me by the previous owner of the home when I purchased it. This rug, although it was some 15 years old was in excellent condition. Over the span of several previous weeks this rug emitted a gray dust that I had never seen before. If you lifted the rug this dust appeared on the floor.
I took a photograph of the rug that day with my cell phone camera. I also took a photograph of one corner of the rug pulled back. I was planning to show these photographs to my sister so she could advise on how to clean it.
When I reviewed the photographs the second photo showed something under the fold of the corner. When initially taking the photographs I saw nothing unusual. It appeared to be a face strikingly like that of the popular image of a gray alien. When I enlarged the photograph it became more apparent.
 I no longer have the rug, as this event disturbed me so much that I no longer wanted the rug in my house. It was disposed of. I am including a picture of what the rug looked like in my living room and also a picture with the face visible. These pictures have not been altered in any way and I would be willing to submit my phone for examination. There have been several possibly related incidents of small items moved from room to room since. I would like to speak to an investigator in person if possible.
Please keep this confidential.

 I would like a MUFON field investigator to examine the photographs in person as I was unable to transfer to this document.
