{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-06-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493998","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65501","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3265,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/998/mufon-5493998.json","updb_database_id":5493998}
{cak} Mom went to take garbage out then yelled mine and my brothers name that she was being attacked .

On a clear star filled night around 12:00am me and my brother where up in our room playing video games with our window open. My mother opened the front door and starts walking down the driveway to take the garbage out when she started yelling for me and my brother. I ran to the window and my mom was in distress so I looked to see if there was a coyote around her since a few nights before she was confronted by a coyote in her back yard and I didn't see anything. I grabbed a baseball bat to drive the possible coyote away but when me and my brother exited the front door we where in disbelief what we where seeing. There was a beach ball sized reddish orange yellowish ball of light hovering directly over my moms head just over the trees and it moved almost like if it had a mind of its own once it noticed me and my brother.

So me and my brother started yelling at this thing and I was swinging the bat yelling to get out of here when it seamed to become wary and rise a few feet higher but still directly over my mom. The ball of light then slowly moved directly over my moms house without even making a peep and we ran down to where my mom was to see if she was ok. We then acted bold as if we where out to get this thing and moved towards it yelling and throwing our arms around when all of a sudden it disappeared with a blink of an eye almost as if it cloaked itself or just took off at an amazing rate of speed. We couldn't believe it and my first reaction when walking back into the house was to grab the house phone and call my girlfriend at the time not knowing by picking up the phone I was going to be blasted by static that I've never heard before.. No ring tone !!! I can only describe it as the static you get from the tv when a station is out and those black and white patterns are fluttering on the television but it was even stranger then that. The static from the phone bothered my ear and I felt strange for awhile but never said anything.. Strangely the next night I was looking at the stars wondering what and why I experienced this when I noticed that one of the stars I was looking at seamed to wobble to the left just enough for me to notice so I grabbing my binoculars.. I watched this star for awhile and it did not move anymore that night but it made me realize that it's possible for these objects to be deceiving us acting and looking like stars so that we wouldn't realize that they are there. To this day I'm curious with the stars and I really would love to confront this object if I ever had the chance calmly and curiously.
