{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-02-01 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481998","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77971","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3759,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/998/mufon-5481998.json","updb_database_id":5481998}
{jpg} ufo sighting

Hello. This is [name removed/CMS/jpg] located out of North Carolina. There have been many times people have claimed to have seen UFOs; myself being among that group. Although I believe the first real time I ever saw one was back one night in February of 2016, the girl I was dating at the time was with me. We were in the car one night around 01:00-03:00; parked around the corner from her house. It was extremely dark, we were stargazing; which we did quite often. Then she said 1look it1s a UFO1 (jokingly) I began observing it. It was a bright white light that would dim and get brighter and every time it would get brighter these two smaller rid lights would form right underneath it, creating a triangle. *I realize that this sounds clich1*. Then it disappeared and appeared at a different location in the sky southeast of the original location, slightly brighter and flashing a little faster before it would disappear again appearing northeast of the new location about thirty seconds after it vanished, once more it was brighter and flashing faster; at this point the two red lights that appeared forming the triangle were more visible. It vanished once more, reappearing shortly after southwest of the ORIGINAL location, it was much brighter. SO bright some of the light thrown off of it was actually causing shadows inside of the vehicle as if someone had pulled out a flashlight. My heart was pounding at this point, it was no longer a joke anymore. It vanished, I began to relax because it had been minutes since I had seen in. Then right above and northwest to its original location it appeared. A blinding white light with two large glowing red lights (although much dimmer than the main one) below it forming the triangle. I continues to watch it frozen in awe as it got brighter. It appeared to be moving closer; taking no evasive measure to disappear; it was at this point my girlfriend was yelling at my to crank the car and drive off; I did so putting it in reverse and whipping it around, we left the location. I have not returned since. 
    Almost one week ago, I was doing research on this topic; and got a good amount of information. I went to sleep this night and found myself running in my dream, no clothes on, covered in some sort of filth, I was constantly turning my head while running but I never saw what I was running from. It was on a landscape I had never seen before, barren, flat, rocks, hills, and mountain ranges in the distance. While running I remember seeing images carved into the rocks and ground. I woke up about 04:21 freezing and drenched in sweat and opened my eyes and for a brief second, not even long enough for I my eyes to focus; I saw a face, not human. Next thing I know its 10:00 in the morning and I1m awake. I promptly began drawing a sketch of the face I saw and some of the images I saw before I lost them from memory. I will be including pictures of this.
