{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-08-30 08:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460998","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100137","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4267,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/998/mufon-5460998.json","updb_database_id":5460998}
Disc hovered w/ 2 other comercial airplanes in sky, shot out a beam of light as big as the Trans Canada Highway then shrunk and dissappeared on it.

My friend and I were heading home from Calgary and we had spent the night in Winnipeg and were leaving around 9 am. We were just outside of Winnipeg when something caught both of our attention, however we didn't realize we were both looking at a silver classic flying saucer until we looked over at each other after about 15 seconds of watching this disc. The sunlight was gleaming off of it and I think that was what caught both of our attention originally. The disc just hovered there around at least 12,000 ft in the air (I still don't know how high it actually was, but it was level with the 2 commercial air planes in the sky within sight of the silver disc, and it was level with them). My friend and I could see the 2 commercial air planes leaving vapour trails behind them as they moved one going north and one heading south with several kilometers between the two planes and the disc was just sitting in the air, seemingly not moving at all. I think the pilots in the commercial air planes must have been able to see this disc, maybe even some of the passengers on the plane too. Judging by the 2 commercial planes in the sky the disc appeared to be at least 30 ft to 45 ft in width, because it seemed to only be about half the length of the commercial plane that was closest to it. So, after about 15 seconds of my friend and I both watching this silver disc reflecting the sun into our eyes we looked over at each other and we both knew what the other was thinking, because we both asked if the other saw the weird disc in the sky. Then we both looked at it again, this is when I noticed the 2 other commercial planes were leaving vapour trails behind them, and I could see the 2 commercial planes clearly moving through the sky north and south respectivly. The disc was still just sitting there doing nothing except tilting making the sun reflect off of it. We must have watched the silver disc for at least another 20 secs - 30 secs, so we clearly saw this disc just sitting in the sky. Then without warning the silver disc shot out a giant beam of light that was the brightest radiant light I have ever seen and the beam of light went all the way to the eastern horizon and seemingly grew flat and wide like a tube rolling flat into a highway, the beam of light shot out to the horizon and then spread out from the center to the outside edges. This beam of light was incredible and the sun was very bright out as well, but this light was like the white lite of an arc welder except bluish and huge, I've never seen anything this amazing. Then the silver disc shrunk, it looked like a tiny little dot in this beautiful bright blue light. That light litterally was like a highway, it had a defined top, bottom, and sides. The silver disc then like the snap of a finger flew unbelievably fast down the middle of this light and we could see the little black dot fly down this highway of light and out of sight. Then the highway of light litterally collapsed on itself and shrunk or rolled back into the center and vanished. The whole incident maybe lasted 45 to 55 seconds tops. After the incident occured my friend and I were speechless for a while, and when we did talk about it I think we were still in disbelief at what we had just witnessed. We didn't talk about the incident until around 2011. My friend was living in B.C. and I called him up and asked him to tell me exactly what he remembers from that day and he said the identical thing that I thought we had witnessed too. This experience has changed my life.
