{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1956-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5178558","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"otcae3","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5178558,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Late 1956; Castle AFB, CA, luminous elliptical object and two F-86's, radarGroup /Category 9
- Radar Case

Case
Directory
Castle AFB, California

Late 1956
Richard Hall:
Features: Aerial encounter, Air Force interceptor "cat-and-mouse"
UFO pursuit, partial radar confirmation, evidence of official cover-up.

A.A. and J.R., Air Force interceptor pilots (now United
Air Lines pilots), were flying F-86's near Modesto, California, on alert duty
due to civilian UFO reports in a nearby town. As they were vectored toward
the town, a call came instructing them to return to the base because a UFO
was visible from the control tower. Turning on the afterburners, they closed
rapidly on a luminous elliptical object that alternately moved above and below
a cloud cover at 10,000 to 12,000
feet as if to elude them. The pilots positioned themselves one above and one
below the clouds and took turns chasing the UFO as it emerged on their side
of the clouds.
During the chase they saw the UFO from various angles,
sometimes closing to within an estimated few hundred yards before it accelerated
away from them again. In plan form, the UFO appeared circular. Ground radar
at Madera was tracking the F-86's, but not the UFO. Both pilots got transient
returns from their airborne radars, but were puzzled by the curious way in
which they lost the echo almost as soon as they picked it up.
Running low on fuel, A. A. started descending to land.
When he looked back up and saw that the UFO was now following his wing mate,
he elected to go back up despite his fuel situation. Then the UFO shot off
and disappeared in the distance terminating the sighting. The pilots were
debriefed by several officers flown in from another base who seemed to be
seeking "confirmation not information," as if they knew just what they wanted
to find out. The pilots were told not to discuss the sighting with each other,
nor to make any kind of statement about it. Local citizens, who had seen the
UFO and heard the roaring jets, were told that the pilots had been chasing
ducks or geese.
Special significance: Numerous cases are known to the author
in which military witnesses were debriefed by officers who displayed detailed
knowledge of UFOs and sometimes carried notebooks of UFO photographs and drawings
for identification purposes.
Source: Interview report by Dr. James E. McDonald, including
names and affiliations with witnesses.

No other data at this time
