{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-04 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524537","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31306","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3386,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/537/mufon-5524537.json","updb_database_id":5524537}
Red/Orange orbs in the 4th of july sky. Celebration turned investigation.

July 4th, 2011. 10PM. Clear skies. 

Located in the backyard of my house watching fireworks with my wife, kids and parents. My wife/mom and I watched red/orange orbs flying across the sky sometimes coming to a complete stop and hovering in the sky for moments at a time, then all of a sudden continuing on thier path. Every one of them flying off not fast but visible until they became so small in the backround you could no longer track where they've gone to. Two times I witnessed 2 different orbs flying side by side or rather top/bottom; flying just above the trees in the distance that were also visible until distance became a factor and you could no longer see them. 

I first noticed these orbs as fireworks were going off in the skies, saying to myself "I've never seen a firework burn that long in my life" "What the heck is that?" The whole situation seemed abnormal to me considering I've never seen a firework fly "Pre-determined paterns".

Single orbs and 2 pairs of orbs made themselves visable more then a few times while my family and I stood there in awe as watching red/orange orbs fly smoothly across the sky sometimes remaining completly stationary for various periods from 5-15 minutes at a time, then continuing on thier way.

At the time of the sightings I knew the situation wasn't normal at all. I knew they weren't fireworks, aircraft, Weather baloons, flares or any other explanation that I have heard or read about over the years. My first gut reaction was to grab a camera, considering I do not own a video camera. I burst in the house grab a cellular phone which was the only thing handy at the time that was quick and easy. Ran back outside and began taking picture after picture. Doing this made the activity increase it seemed, after the first 3 pictures had been taken and the orbs flew about thier path, a pair all of a sudden showed up just above the tree line behind my house traveling very slowly, as if they knew I was taking pictures. Staying steady on thier path just above the tree line, I watched them move steadily until no longer visable. At this time my parents were getting a bit uneasy and decided to go inside. My wife and I continued to watch the skies capturing a total of 18 quality pictures of all these strange Round star-like red/orange glowing orbs. I never became uneasy during the entire situation, my only thought was "I gotta get it, I gotta get it".
