{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-07 13:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481537","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78473","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4222,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/537/mufon-5481537.json","updb_database_id":5481537}
{cak] First saw on rte 7 south nxt to danbury airport, lost sight odject movement/terrain change, passed object near danbury/ridgefield border

When I first saw this object, I was on highway rte 7 south Danbury CT, just before the exit to the danbury fair mall. I have driven this stretch hundreds of times before. The time was approximately early or middle afternoon in the month of April, year 2016. I first noticed the object because it was shining and just within my field of view. It was above the horizon, but only because it was in sky that was between two large hillside, that almost make a V shape. I would eventually lose sight, as I traveled down the highway, Which goes into the valley between the two hills. In this span of time I went from thinking just another aircraft to something maybe odd. Now there is a small airport that planes fly over the highway to land at, and I have seen all types of small engine planes and a few helicopters here. None being military that I can recall. 
After noticing the object, I kept my eye on it because of a previous experience, I always make sure if possible. And as a short time passed I noticed no lights, just shining it was sunny fair weather, very slow movement that was hard to notice except for its proximity to the horizon. It always seemed to be close within a mile, not large, slow probably straight trajectory, and no altitude change. It was too far to distinguish shape, noise, color, and relative size. After I figured all this, I lost sight as the highway dipped into the valley that made the slight V on the horizon, where I initially saw it. It stayed closer to the left hill, and went behind it mostly due to my change of position, but its as well. When I saw it again, further down the highway, it was doubtfully within view of where I first made contact. I got the best view now of it. It had become stationary approximately 100 ft off the ground, over swampy water just before a side road on the left of the highway, about 250ft left of the highway when traveling southbound, and a little less distance before the side road. There is a hill in the background of the view I had and at one point it was below the top of this hill, as I was driving approximately 50-60mph the whole time. As I was passing it I could tell it was of metallic color, reflecting sunlight, cube shaped with slightly rounded sides, had no emissions or sound, nothing attached to it. Size was at most 15ft least 6ft at any of its sides. No definable corners or edegs, almost like a silver Mylar cube balloon. This was an obvious thought especially, because when I had come up on it the second time it was not moving, I was driving and did not notice any type of wind speed or direction. But just after I passed it, I started looking back out my side window, it started to move at a barely noticeable pace again towards the highway, but lost sight of it for the last time, due to the highway directional change. I could not tell if it had actually gotten to the highway or not.
This was my second unusual sighting at the time and felt incredibly personal, like on a spiritual level as did my first. At the time of this report, August 16th 2016 approx 1130pm I have had three UFO encounters and the third was just 2 days ago and felt no where near like the first two, much more coincidental. I have not made a report on my first and last encounters but plan to do so in the future. Also have a possible spirit or entity sighting in an area where I've seen an unusual non aerial light, if you would like those two also, confirmation would be nice. Best regards and thanks for what you do.
