{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487537","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72122","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4047,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/537/mufon-5487537.json","updb_database_id":5487537}
A strange orb flying on top of houses moving straight bu rotating on itself half black, half bright red

Sorry, some of your questions are hard for me to understand. I just watched a program in YouTube, and wanted to share an experience I had when I was young. I want to keep anonymous. But if there are other people who saw the same thing or similar, it could be interesting for you to investigate some more. I hope I am adding a little piece to a huge puzzle... 

I am from a small country, Uruguay. In my town Salto is very common to see lights and weird stuff. Once I read in the newspaper that Neil Armstrong was visiting an area called Aurora, where UFO sightings are popular. The only time I saw something there, were lights. Most of my family have also seen weird stuff, like "fluorescent meat" in their own fridge... regular meat that would glow in the dark... we don't know why... we assume it could be related to the subject... But what I want to talk about is another experience that I had while living in Montevideo, the Capital City.

I don't remember the date exactly because I never wrote it down. But I must have been around 19, or 20 years old, I was born in January 1962, it was around 1980 maybe around May or April because it was school time (classes there start in March) but it wasn't very cold yet, so it wasn't winter. It was evening time, around 6 or 7 and I was coming back from my English classes in the Anglo (a private Institute), the name of the neighborhood is Buceo, 10 blocks or so from the beach. I got off the bus, I walked a block or so towards the west when I saw a round object to my right, on top of the houses I saw something that for the descriptions you give, I assume it could be called an orb. In my own words, it was like a huge soccer ball, maybe around the size of a small airplane, and it was moving very slow on top of the houses towards east. I saw it like a block away, and it passed me very slow. What caught my attention is that it was moving kind of like the earth, in a translation movement (but straight) and at the same time in a rotation one. Half of it look black or at least really dark, once it rotated, half of it looked like a bright red. I payed attention to hear if there was any noise, I remember thinking that light is faster than sound... so I walked very slow myself waiting for any sound, but I didn't hear anything. In front of me there was a man walking and I yelled, sir, look at the sky, what's that? He didn't even turn around or looked up, he kept walking and with a movement of his hand, like don't bother me, he said: "it's an airplane"... I almost laughed, because if that was an airplane then I was an extra terrestrial... sorry for the bad joke... 

Years later when I came to USA, watching a program about UFO sightings in a Spanish channel, a girl from another country, I think she was from the Caribbean area, described exactly the same thing. 

I wrote to a military organization in my country about this, called CRIDOVNI but they said they didn't have any record of something similar. 

I don't know if this info could be useful or not, but I always wondered what could it be. I tried to find pictures in the internet through the years because I still wonder what the heck was that, but I couldn't find anything of the kind.

Thank you and I hope somebody else has seen something similar and this could be useful. If you have any questions, feel free to ask me via e-mail.
