{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-11-18 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479537","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80554","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2458,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/537/mufon-5479537.json","updb_database_id":5479537}
{rjl} Bright light the changed from horizontal to vertical

I was on my balcony at my house with my kids and just looking at the night sky chatting when we noticed the bright light in the sky. It was after sunset and dark and the light was very bright and not a from a star, don't know how long the light was there before we noticed it. The object stayed at this location for the entire duration. Using binoculars the lights changed from horizontal approx 1" in width to horizontal approx 1" in length, this happened 5 times and a couple of times the light just went to a small round light then changed to either a horizontal or vertical light. The light was exceptionally bright like an LED bright light and it did not change from white light to any other color nor did it pulsate just kept the same brightness.

Both my adult kids also saw the light and saw the same things and we watched for over an hour and 10 minutes and we left and came back about an hour later and the light was gone. There were no stars seen in this area after the light was gone. There were a few commercial airplanes headed to San Jose International Airport in the area as this is the normal flight path. Before and after the sighting I have not seen any lights in this area.

We has a discussion about what the light was and did agree that it was not a plane (no blinking light and didn't not move), it was not a star or helicopter and there was no sound from where were (again no blinking light and didn't move) we also didn't see and aircraft leave from Moffett Field, not even sure if there is any military aircraft there anymore. We regarding the bright light as not being man-made and possibly a UFO.

Lastly the bright light was over the hills and the only thing near this bright light and approx 2-3 miles was an old military radar station Mount Umunhum which closed in 1980.
