{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-03-01 21:52:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549537","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"3328","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4114,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/537/mufon-5549537.json","updb_database_id":5549537}
[Description omitted by submitter/cms/tg/10.10.2012]

Sighting Report:  This happended in 1993 in Killeen, TX. I
cannot remember the exact day but I know it was around the
middle of March because my husband was at NTC in California and
I was alone. We lived in these two story apartments off base
(Fort Hood) and it was evening close to 10:00 at night. It was a
very clear night, no clouds and fairly warm for that time of
year. My neighbor was visiting with me her name was Wendy
Hartman ( not sure of last name ) but anyways we were visiting
when her little brother who lived with them came over and said
there were weird lights in the sky. We went outside to the
balcony and looked out. The lights appeared to be coming from
over the Fort Hood Air feild area. At first we told him that
they were just strobe lights because they seemed to be making
some weird pattern in the sky. But as we watched we started to
get kind of freaked out because the lights were very bright, I
mean as in very very strong not light like an artifical beamed
strobe light would make. What was really strange was what these
lights were doing. There appeared to be maybe between 10-15
separate lights or globes becasue they were not small. they were
white globes. They moved around the sky all scattered up and
down in all directions. then to our amazement they all lined up
in a straight line and moved together, forward, then backward
then up and down, then a few whould shoot away real fast then
come back. Some of the globes would shoot straight up into the
sky real fast and disapear and then return slowly back down. 
Some of them would go diagonally and then appear to hover and
not move. It was a really fantastic show of some type of
areodynamics because as we watched we could not believe the
positions these lights were acomplishing only to come back
together in a straight line and go up and down and diagonally,
horizontally and every which way. Another neighbor came out at
that time and stood out there and watched with us too for some
time and thought it was really srtange, he ruled out strobe
lights becasue of the globes light intensity and what they were
doing in the air as if each single globe has a mind of its own,
we ruled out helichopters or any type of aircraft because of the
speed and the directions the lights were going. Finally we got
real creeped out and said that something was no right especially
since the lights seemed to be coming from Fort Hoods air field. 
Our nieghbor suggested we call III Corps and report it. I
called III Corps and reported the sighting and I remember the
operator was really egsasperated because she said that she had
been recieving similar phone calls all night long. I have no
doubt in my mind that what we saw that night was not an airplane
or strobe lights. IT has been years now since the incident but I
have seen shows or reports over the years of lights like the
ones we saw and it creeps me out becasue what I saw was so
similar to some of these other accounts. I don't know if you can
investigate something so old but I am sure that if you call Fort
Hood, TX and ask III Corps to show you records of the Blotter
Reports for the month of march 1993 there has to be record of
all those phone calls that were called in on that night. that
is all I have. I am writing this because my husband encouraged
me to write to you because it has bothered me all these years
about those lights and i know i am not crazy but I know what I
saw.
