{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-12 22:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526537","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29144","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2960,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/537/mufon-5526537.json","updb_database_id":5526537}
Two large orange lights in southwestern Colorado sky

I was driving home, heading south on Interstate 25 around 10:30 PM when to my right, I noticed two very bright orange lights. Granted, I live close to the Army base, Fort Carson, but that means I also see helicopters and planes all the time and I'm one hundred percent sure I know what they look like.

The two lights were side by side, but the one to my right was slightly sitting above the other, as if in some kind of formation. I was on that interstate for a good ten or fifteen minutes while driving so, I watched them the entire time. They did not move, but they almost seemed to pulse somewhat (like get brighter) and then they would disappear altogether. They would reappear and be in the exact same position and place, to the best of my knowledge. They must have disappeared/reappeared half a dozen times. 

Other cars on the interstate seemed to notice them since a few of them were braking. I go to my off-ramp and sat at the red light at the top and that is where I was able to get a photo. My Nikon Coolpix isn't a great camera and the shot isn't great, but it's better than nothing. 

You could see the passenger side window frame in the top left hand side of the photo and in the distance, about 1,000 yards, you could see a large flat building with lights. There is also some street lights in the photograph which probably might make the objects in question hard to see. However, you'll notice the objects (in the center of the photo) are much more orange than the street lights. 

I tried blowing the photo up and sharpening it or enhancing it, but my software is limited.

I was too spooked to stop so, I kept driving, as I was now the only car in sight. As I drove away from the objects, I kept checking my rear view and I thought I saw a third, although smaller object come up from below the two at an angle. 

I felt fine, just a little spooked as this was not the first time I had seen an object like this disappear then reappear and I was by myself so, I wanted to get home. I could hear no sound, but then again I could not tell for sure or at all how far away or high these things were. I know that the direction they were in...there is nothing for miles but foothills and forests.
