{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-16 11:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453537","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108088","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2495,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/537/mufon-5453537.json","updb_database_id":5453537}
{rjl} flash then gone. Witness observed an object traveling from east to west for only about 2 seconds.

I just wanna make 2 disclaimers before I say this. 
1. idk what the degree is, it just made me select one. 
2. I was smoking when I saw this, but I smoke all the time, I'm not stupid or hallucinating, and its from a dispensary so I know exactly what I'm smoking and I know what I saw. I have a bio degree and I'm a person thats like very aware if that makes sense.

So I was smoking on my porch and I saw this thing probably around the height of a plane thats in max elevation. there was flashing lights underneath of it so I thought It was a plane or something, because planes have green flashing lights, but It was going waaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyy faster than a plane, so much so, that it caught and kept my attention. It went from the view of me looking left out of my window to me looking right within about a second maybe two. Then there was a big green flash, it wasn't bright, didn't light up the sky, it was the equivalent to like the immediate burst of light that happens when you turn on a lighbulb but not as intense as a camera flash( as in I didn't have to squint of make sure my eyes stayed open) and then It was gone. there were clouds in the sky but it wasnt cloudy and there were not around clouds around when that happened. It happened last week but I haven't stopping thinking about it and just wanted to tell whoever. Like I said though, I was smoking but I wasnt like blazed or too high, whatever you wanna call it. I'm not crazy but like I have no explanation other than what you see in movies of spaceships jumping through space. So idk Ive never seen anything like that. This all happened over the course of like 2 seconds I dont have any pictures or evidence other than what I saw and my actions during the sighting kinda discredit me but I know what I saw and thats all I got
