{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-23 17:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492537","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66996","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2969,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/537/mufon-5492537.json","updb_database_id":5492537}
{rjl} Driving home after stopping at the grocery store after work today

I stopped by the grocery store on the way home from work this evening and as I was driving North on my way home, the time was between 5:30 - 5:43 pm. The road I take has an area that has small hills that curve to the right and as I'm driving up the hill, I see a commercial airplane that looked like it was ascending in the sky as if it left the airport, which by the way I don't live very far from an International airport but what caught my attention was I thought two planes were going to collide. As the airplane passes in sky, I see the other object just there hovering but it looked like it was moving very slowly. The object to me looked like a dark grey, metallic football shape from side profile. I'm still driving but slow in the left lane, (amazingly there was not a lot of traffic at that time), anyhow, I'm driving and looking up and it's still there, slowly moving way off in the horizon to the East in the sky. I keep doing this until I drive along a stretch of house with large trees which blocks my view and after driving past this area. I don't see it anymore! I'm still driving wondering what it is? I keep looking and driving, until I come to a stop light and I look everywhere in the sky while waiting for the light to turn green. Although, it was no longer visible while driving home, I still kept looking for it until my route took me to the west.
My thought is, this shape is not normal. I've lived in this area for over 25 years and have never seen such a unusual shape in the sky! I did question what I saw, as of now, I don't know what is was and was wondering if anyone else saw it and reported it? I didn't stop to take a cell phone picture or video because I was somewhat in a hurry and also I wasn't sure what it was? Besides my cell phone doesn't take good pics or videos. I told only my immediate family and my husband doesn't believe me and he's the one who's all into this kind of stuff!
I do know many people from this area that have seen UFO's. All credible people. My brother keeps telling us he's seen them in this area at least twice, at the time I questioned whether he really did see them or not but I certainly believe him now! Actually, never in my lifetime did I ever think I'd see something like that. Something that I could not explain? ~ Thank you for your time. ~
