{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-01 07:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514537","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43676","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2560,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/537/mufon-5514537.json","updb_database_id":5514537}
{dr}A BRIGHT WHITE FLOURESCENT SPHERICAL SHAPE ufo WITH PINK HUE COMPLETELY surrounding it flew directly off moon surface

I was driving North on County road #1 in Dunedin/Palm Harbor area to work. I was thinking as I drove,"what a nice morning. I wonder where the Moon is.?" I then looked out my open drivers side window,and looked up to my left,there was the Moon. I thought,"wow,it would make a great picture. It would be great to see a UFO right about now." But,something like that doesnt just happen." Then I again looked right up at the Moon,to my astonishment,a very bright spherical object with a pinkish hue around the edges appeared to fly off the surface of the Moon!!!It was ascending slightly at the 11 oclock angle. I about flipped out! I saw this for about 3 sec,glanced at the roAD AGAIN ,THEN RIGHT AWAY LOOKED UP,IT WAS STILL THERE,ASCENDING ABOUT 11OCLOCK,AFTER ABOUT 2-3 SEC,AS Im LOOKING RIGHT T IT,IT disappeared instantly! That was it,I was stunned and elated at what I had just observed! Also,upset that I couldnt have obtained a picture as I was driving at the time. I tried to find my cell phone in my purse while I was driving but couldnt find it. When I was stopped at the light at Alderman and US 19.I tried to call my work,but my cell phone battery said"Low battery. so I just put it down. I did call another nurse at my work place in ST. Pete to tell her of this incident and asked her to tell another co-worker friend of mine about it as well. I called Teri Lynge that evening to report it to her,we spoke very briefly. I did look at the MUFON website in order to report it,but when I clicked on the "report UFO" icon,a blank screen came up,no cursor either. I tried twice more to click on it,but the same blank screen came up. I was very tired by then and had to go to sleep as I get up at 0547am in the morning. However,I am psyched beyond all measure to have seen this,I believe it happened because my mind is OPEN!!!! FOR THIS.
