{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-08 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516537","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41580","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3609,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/537/mufon-5516537.json","updb_database_id":5516537}
(GS) 13 orbs flying over with 5 or more aircraft tracking

At around 4 am on Wednesday August 8th I went outside to have one last cig before bed. I noticed a high altitude orb flying southwest from the east. I see these lights quite often around here. They never make any noise and appear to be quite high. My father is a pilot and has seen them with me and thinks they are quite high and traveling quite fast. After the first one passed I noticed another flying southwest but this one traveling a bit more to the south of my position than the first. I then saw one after another traveling from the north to the south. Some were brighter than others and flying at different altitudes. This really got me paying attention as many seemed to be at a much lower altitude than I usually see them at. After I counted 10 of them in about 5 minutes, I went inside to get my girlfriend and my gun as I was getting a little nervous. When I came back out I saw 2 more in formation flying north to south. The orbs all changed in brightness level and some even appeared to pulsate. All the objects seemed to be flying to the exact same place but they all were coming from different directions. Some of them were flying in a straight line while some of the others had a bit of curve to their flight path. I lost sight of each one at about the same place to the south/southwest of me. Each one took about 20 to 30 seconds to get across the whole sky. As I watched the last one which approached from the east and flew southwest just as the others, I saw conventional jet aircraft approaching from the north and the east. The aircraft were following the same flight path as the orbs. I think I saw a total of 5 or 6 jet aircraft. Some were south of my position, north of my position, and east of my position. The aircraft that approached from the north and the east flew over me and I watched the two to the south all flying to the same general direction. The jet aircraft were easily heard and flying quite bit slower than the orbs were. I found it interesting that the aircraft were all following the same path as the orbs were just a few minutes earlier. After the aircraft flew over, I never saw another orb. They appeared to be tracking the orbs. It was interesting to see the orbs and planes coming from different directions around me but I lost sight of them all in the same general place south/southwest of me where trees just barely block my view of the horizon. It appeared the orbs were heading to the same place with the jet aircraft following. The orbs and planes were pretty much coming from the same 3 general areas around me and seemed to all be heading to the exact same place. I have seen quite a few of these orbs over the past several months but never have I seen that many in just a few minutes. I had seen 5 or 6 over an hour but this was much quicker and I have to admit pretty exciting. I got to see the planes fly over just after the orbs so I could easily tell that the orbs were much faster than the jet aircraft.
