{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493537","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65975","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2916,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/537/mufon-5493537.json","updb_database_id":5493537}
{dr}saw one bright orb light move ne to approx 5 min then a second orb followed behind it same area and direction after the first was gone

I was hosting the annual family Thanksgiving celebration at my home as has been the case for some 14 years now. Following dinner I went outside after cleaning dishes to get some air while my family played TV games inside. I suddenly witnessed a bright red/orange ball of light moving from the E to N in a straight line while standing on the stairs on my front porch. It seemed to pulsate or be "on fire". It was more red than orange and circular but a bit elongated. At first I thought it was the radio tower, which is in the area but I realized with the lights movement, it was clearly not that. There was no sound. The light seemed quite low to the ground, however my perception of depth was clouded by the darkness. I called to my family to come see it, but by the time my sister came outside the light had disappeared behind the trees. She went back inside & I remained wondering what I had just seen. I did feel that somehow it saw me. I'm not sure why I felt this way. I remember wishing it would come back so my sister could see it. Then it happened. I saw a second light (orb) which was the same size and color as the first. It was moving in the same direction, from the same starting place as the first(seeming to follow the first light). I called to my sister again, "You have to come out here now, there's another one!" This time my sister made it outside in time to witness this second light before it also disappeared behind the trees. Neither of us could identify the light. I was so relieved that she saw it. I thought I had lost my mind. To this day I do not know what I saw and actually want to have help eliminating all human possibilities. I was born in Mount Shasta and am accustomed to strange things in the area and around the mountain, but never have I seen anything like this before. There have been rumors that the military is testing in the area(for some years now) and I have seen strange craft in the area before, but never orbs until now. Did it hear me when I wished it to come back just before the second light appeared? Was it the same light or a second one? These are questions I want to ask and at the same time am afraid to get the answers to.
