{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494537","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64931","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2774,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/537/mufon-5494537.json","updb_database_id":5494537}
{rjl} Seen no UFO at all

I was about 4 or 5 years old at the time. It's hard to say what exact age I was because I've never really understood, nor explained my encounter until realizing what this could possibly be. I lived at the second listed address at the time, as a child. I remember sitting at the edge of my stairway, and noticing an entity behind me that seemed to stretch down the whole stairway. It was a brown color, and had long appendages. I couldn't make out a face because I was startled from what I can remember. It was a peripheral experience. Upon noticing the appendages, it seemed to force its long fingers into my left pectoral area, then my left bicep area. It didn't hurt a lot. Since that very day, I've noticed that I have absolutely no pectoral muscle and half of a bicep on my left side. I cannot absolutely describe why I literally first noticed this on that day. I've always been told that I was born that way. But personally, I must deny that. I've never mentioned this because it all seems so strange and unbelievable. The reason is because after it happened, I remember not caring at all until later on in life when I replay the images in my head. I literally walked out onto the front porch with my family to enjoy some watermelon that my granparents had bought. I noticed absolutely no trace of a UFO or anything like it, unless I just can't remember it. I'm not sure whether I can call it an abduction, but I did lose track of time, and it's pretty haunting actually. It seemed so fast, yet, over a stretched period of time. I feel that this is a very unique case, although, I could be wrong. All I know is that I have finally found a place to explain my experience without being judged, but taken into scientific perspective. Thank you very much, I hope this could shed a further light into the world of unexplained phenomena, and especially hope to hear from you to share your opinions and ideas. Thank you for doing what you do.
