{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-03-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547537","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"15994","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2259,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/537/mufon-5547537.json","updb_database_id":5547537}
Saw metalic gray cigar-shaped object hovering low in sky.

I was up early to take an early swim which I rarely do. I needed to be back early to meet some contracted men who were to remodel our basement flooring. It was dark when I left for the pool. It was dawn when I drove home. The moon was huge and striking-looking at the horizon. I drove down our road. My mind was on getting breakfast. I saw a metalic gray form above the road and took it for another airplane getting ready to land at the nearby airport. Then I noticed it wasn't moving. I looked carefully at it to make sure it wasn't moving. It wasn't. It was cigar shaped, no protrusions top or bottom, rounded ends,no windows, etc. It had an appealing gray metalic shiny surface. Glossy like the wet gray pebbles in a Tanguy painting. This glossy surface appealed to me as in a Tanguy painting. I was thinking of going to the house, seconds from where I had stopped, for binoculars. But when I got to our driveway I saw the men had already arrived and I had to deal with them.

Later that day at around 7pm EST at night I saw a huge pink/mauve flower-like brightening just above the trees. I took it for some strange star. I called to my wife who confirmed it. When I returned it was gone. I could see it was a very clear night with lots of bright stars. The object had shut out the other stars with its brightness. ASid from northern lights, which are shaped differently, I have never seen such color in such an object in the sky, including the sun at sunrise or sunset. The rays of light coming from its center were dense and looked like petals of flowers with dense, slender shapes. Not unlike a seas anemone.
