Case No. 1206 09082020

Date: 2010, 2011, and 2012.

Approximate Time: 22:00, 09:00, and 21:00 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: N/A.

Witnesses: K. E. T. S., 30 years old.

Description: The informant reported through a form the observation of three distinct phenomena, one in Concón and two in Villa Los Jardines in La Cruz, Province of Quillota, in the V Region Valparaíso on different dates and times, not specified.

The first sighting allegedly occurred near the dunes of
Concón "around 2012 or 2013", when he allegedly observed the movement of three lights for two to three minutes, which then disappeared.

During the interview with CEFAA, he specified: "I was with two friends at one of their houses on a very dark road. What caught my attention the most was the same noise as the first time I observed something... they were like three white lights a little larger than a star... a little smaller than the size of a shooting star... it was in the middle of summer, around 10 PM."
The second sighting would have taken place in Villa Los Jardines, in La Cruz, on a date she remembers could be in September 2010 "because it was hot."

In an interview with CEFAA, she stated that around 21:30 to 22:00 hours she was walking with a friend: "I was drawn to the noise it was making, like when a television channel loses signal. It passed right overhead and very slowly, with lights flashing every so often... It was like very..."
"Technological. It lasted about twenty-five minutes. It moved from this
to the west from the Andes mountain range to the sea and then the
light went out. It was round, like a saucer, metallic, just like a
ship, very technological" he said.

The third phenomenon reports that it occurred in his bedroom at Villa Los
Jardines one day in 2011: "I was in my bedroom and I woke up around
9 in the morning with a very strong light... there were like three very
tall people, half of their bodies up."
They weren't visible and their heads were like a very bright light. I felt like they were telepathically telling me, "Stay calm, we're not going to do anything to you." I couldn't speak... it was like they were observing me."

One of the friends, C. J., who allegedly observed the phenomenon in the dunes of Concón, was contacted. That person indicated that the observation took place in the summer of 2012, around eight in the evening.

"We were walking and I hear a very loud noise like a tractor... with lots of lights. Honestly, I can't describe it, because...
It was dark and had many lights, so I couldn't tell you what shape it was. When it moved away, the noise stopped and it disappeared. For reference, I had the dunes behind me and some trees in front. It came from the right side and hid on the left side, all along the cordillera. This lasted for no more than 1 minute...I was a bit frozen by what I saw," she commented.

Based on the description given, contact was made with the informant, who was interviewed on August 11, 2020, during which she described
The three sighting cases, two in the locality of La Cruz and one near the dunes of Concón, in the coastal sector of the V Region.

The three described cases would have occurred in 2010, 2011, and 2012 or 2013. In all of them, the witness does not remember the exact dates and believes she remembers the approximate hours. Information was requested from a second person who would have been with her during the sighting of one of the phenomena in Concón, C. J., whose testimony and timing differ from what the informant observed. With the background
The data provided only allowed for the georeferencing of the locations of
Concón and La Cruz, where the phenomena allegedly occurred.

The CEFAA received three drawings of the respective alleged observation
experiences, made by the informant, which were archived in the digital
folder.

Due to the passage of years since the alleged phenomena reported by the
witness, it was not possible for the CEFAA to conduct a rigorous
investigation of the same from a scientific perspective.
meteorological (weather condition), air and/or space traffic. Without
count the investigation that could have been carried out on the ground.
Images: Only three drawings that were archived in the folder.
digital
Conclusion: According to the interviews conducted with both individuals
witnesses and, above all, to the time elapsed since the
Present-day sightings, between seven and ten years, are not possible.
for the CEFAA to carry out a thorough investigation of the
Described facts.
In accordance with the above, the case was closed due to the
as specified in Chapter 2, letters d and e of the CEFAA Technical and Procedure Manual, which states that cases are studied that only provide images, photographs, and videos, and those that are not more than one year old.
The report of the three supposed sightings was classified as a Relato.
