Case No. 1784 23052022

Date: May 8, 2022.

Approximate Time: 3:00 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Autumn.

Witnesses: N. B. P., 33 years old.

Description: The informant reported having seen what he considered an
aerial anomaly at 3:00 a.m. on May 8, 2022 from Puyehue, in the Los Ríos Region.

The reported sighting was described as a white light, 2 to 5 meters in size,
visible for over a minute, appearing from the south and disappearing from view
towards northeast by a single witness.
The user concluded his testimony by stating: “I saw a very bright spherical light that was stationary and then began to move. I took out my cell phone and took 3 pictures with it, as I was feeding my pigs, I lost focus on the phenomenon and did not see the object again. In my perception, the object was 1 or 2 km away and later it was much closer, I estimate around 500 meters.”

Along with the report, the following images were submitted (Figures 1 to 3):
Figure 1. The reported is indicated with a red arrow.

Figure 2

Figure 3

The examination of the information contained in the image files uploaded along with the case report demonstrated that they had been processed by servers of the instant messaging application WhatsApp. Their alteration deformed the visible and prevented confirming the date of their captures, which according to the file names would have occurred on the 17th, not the 8th.
May 2022.

For that reason, four emails were sent to the user requesting the original files. On May 31, 2022, he responded that he did not have this material.

Although what is visible in the photos could correspond to the reflection of an aircraft moving at low altitude, this is not verifiable due to the visual degradation of the images and the absence of any way to definitively fix the moment when what was depicted occurred.
Images: The user uploaded three photographic files to the SEFAA reporting platform via the WhatsApp application, which were subsequently altered. According to their names, they are dated May 17, 2022, not May 8 as reported by the informant.

Conclusion: Due to the absence of original study material, the case was closed in accordance with the Technical Instruction on Procedures, Research Timelines, Report Reception, Preparation, and Archiving.
SEFAA Reports, numeral 2d (Only cases reporting original images, audios, or videos will be investigated) of the Technical Instruction on Procedure, Times for Investigation, Reception, Preparation of Executive Report, and Archiving of SEFAA Reports.

Case classified as “Relato”.
