{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-12-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492979","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66541","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2603,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/979/mufon-5492979.json","updb_database_id":5492979}
{cak} Object seen outside, visitation, lifelong memory..

I was in my bedroom, just getting ready to go to sleep. I always used to look out the window at night, I used to like watching the snow fall in the street light. One night, I remember I got a strange feeling, and I looked out the window and saw lights.. I went right up to the window and I looked closer, and I saw a huge ship with blinking lights. They were all different colors, and I could make out a door on the bottom. The shape seemed to be round, but I was looking at it from the side so I'm not 100 percent sure. I was so shocked after realizing it was real that I ran to get my mom, I had to talk her into coming to look, it took a minute and by the time we went back in it was gone.. I was so upset. A while later after my mom talking to me and calming me down I went to bed and I was visited. I'll never forget it. I was about 6 years old, I am 24 now and I can still feel the emotions.. They came into my bedroom and the voices is what woke me up. It must have been about an hour or two after I went to bed. My mom was sleeping on the couch... I looked around from my bed and I saw two of them, with a couple more shadows in the doorway, there was a mist and some light, I remember I couldn't talk or move.. I could just listen. They said something to me but I don't remember what it was.. They were just standing there talking, looking at me for what seemed like forever, and then they turned and walked away. I felt kind of helpless for a while, they seemed to have so much control. I was scared, upset.. Ever since then I've felt more sensitive to them, I've had lot of sightings, usually just from far away. Objects that sit there, and then shoot away. Sometimes they even look like stars at first, but then move back and forth. My mom has seen them with me since then, we had a red orb come down almost on top of our car and we had vibrations and a loud humming noise and it scared both of us. That was driving through Bucksport around 2006-07.
