{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-15 07:26:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290979","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112359","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4910,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/979/mufon-5290979.json","updb_database_id":5290979}
Several Ghost like Objects Seen over the Providence River on Nov, 15 2020 all within 1 minute 7:26 am

Alright so, I am a local news photographer which means I shoot video for a local news station. On my break what had happened was it was around 7 am and I went to take my usual infrared photos. I am an infrared photographer and on breaks when nothing crazy is happening in news I go to take infrared photos as like I said I am an infrared artist. I have an instagram account called [removed link] . And have been shooting infrared photographers for 3 years almost every week. Anyways, I noticed some surveillance cameras I had not seen before over the newly built Providence Pedestrian Bridge. I did my usual photography setup. My usual setup is that I shoot handheld with my Lumix S1 Digital Camera, this is a very high tech camera at this moment. I also am using a filter provided by Kolari Vision with is an infrared filter that actual has AR coating which is anti reflective glass I believe to emit less lens flares. Anyways, my usual process is that anything I am shooting whether it be a landscape, a graveyard, close up objects, just anything I take several of the same images to get the framing correctly. 
Keep in mind I have full spectrum camera also converted by Kolari Vision. So I snap the images snap snap snap all within the 590nm wavelength spectrum (which is a combination of infrared light as well as visible light, the result is a red sky and blue foliage.. Anyways as I'm snapping the images I noticed a little movement around the 6th photo within my camera. I do a double take looking at the blue sky then looking back into the camera, in the camera I can see the movements, but at around the 9th photo when I keep snapping I get a call from a coworker who says I have to help him with something. I put the images away and camera away and head back to the news station. Note some images in there are crops and some images are changed color because of a process in infrared called channel mixing. I also want to note, I have been wanting to see them all my life. This was meant to happen. I can go out almost any time of the day and take photographs of them. Anywhere. I have gone to Providence, RI, (original spot), Black Point, RI (one of my favorite photography spots) and also just today the large wooden tower in Kingstown I believe to get a higher up view. I think I may have video then, or some stuff. Oh yeah and Newton rock today too, I recorded them there too. Please not do not delay on this, this is not something where you can call me weeks later. Take this seriously, I have probably around 40 or so images at this point maybe even more maybe around 120. But hey, talk to me first before you release anything. 
Talk to your colleagues. My number is [removed phone number] . I won't be able to be reached anytime today after 5pm or 6pm eastern. But I wake up at 2am est on Saturday and Sunday. I have much more stuff to show, and frankly I don't think this is the right move to start releasing all this stuff until you guys talk to me at least. That is my gut feeling and I have been using it this whole time. DO yourself a favor, go on my instagram page and start with the screenshot where I talk about the ghosts, there's the video documentation of me there too.
