{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-22 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516979","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41122","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3452,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/979/mufon-5516979.json","updb_database_id":5516979}
{nd} Saw 12 ( 4 series of 3 orbs each with gaps between) all red glowing orbs moving silently across my lake

I was on my cell with my son around 9:30 pm on July 22, 2012 while sitting on my couch in front of my three full windowed doors off my second story deck. I live on a small lake and the lake side of my home is all windows which look out on the lake. During my phone conversation I noticed 3 red glowing objects through the glass doors. I think the red glow caught my eye. I told my son what I was seeing and hung up to look more closely. I went close to the doors and looked out. There were 3 small orbs bright glowing red with no other colors. They were not blinking. There was a large gap between the 3 orbs and they were moving straight across, what seemed like the middle of the lake. They appeared to be just below the cloud cover. They continued moving straight across the lake at a consistant speed much like a small plane would move. They were distinctly round and red and glowing. They did not make any overt movements, just moved steadily across the lake and did not change the distance between them. When they neared the left shoreline they gradually turned and headed straight across the lake and disappeared into the cloudcover. I was still trying to figure out what they were when I saw another red orb seemingly coming from out of the tops of the trees on the extreme right portion of the lake which was soon followed by two more red orbs. This second set of 3 orbs moved in the identical path of the first three. I went out onto my deck for a closer look and noticed there was no sound associated with the orbs. The night was quiet. Once this series of 3 orbs vanished as the first set did, another set of three red orbs arrived from the same treetops and followed the same path. Then two orbs appeared the same way and moved in the same path with a third orb following way behind. When this last orb vanished there were no more. This entire event happened in about 20 to 30 minutes. I have no idea what these red orbs were and could not tell distance or size since I did not have any perspective. They seemed to be right above the lake, but I don't know for sure. They made no sound and did not blink at all. The color appeared solid red. About 10 minutes after this event I saw a helicopter cross the lake. I guess I was feeling a little scared during the event because I wondered why it didn't occur to me to take pictures or run downstairs to my lower deck and go out on the beach to look more closely. I discussed the event with my son who suggested I contact MUFON. I noticed on your sightings list that someone had seen a series of red/orange orbs in the Mundelein/Vernon Hills area just a month earlier in late May. It seemed like a similar description and they had some video. The video wasnt very good and just showed white dots.
