{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-23 21:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503979","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54929","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3210,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/979/mufon-5503979.json","updb_database_id":5503979}
{kt}I was taken to a place inside a ship with a man who looked human.

Please see my video tape! I live in Pittsburgh PA and I am a War Veteran from the Iraq War. I was asleep last night on my comfortable chair when these things happened, when I am got up the next morning, the Cross I was wearing was tied up around itself and the temperature in the house was turned up to 71 degrees!!!

I am a normal person, and that can be verified by the VA here in Pittsburgh, PA!

I WAS TOLD BY THIS creature by telepathy that I was left alone because of the cross and the fact I had was already wounded, (I had a Stroke in 2008), but others would be taken.

These are these are the evens that unfolded:

  It was about 9:00 PM Sunday Night and I noticed as I was watching T.V. it was getting hot in the room and I fell asleep.  In what I thought was a dream, I was in a place that looked like my house in Erie, Pa that I grew up in, I came down the stars from what looked like a bedroom to a kitchen, and spoke to a person I knew, I then notice a huge Black hole in the floor that came from out of no were.  I look down at the whole but for some reason I wasn1t afraid because this man came into the room and he was very pale and florescent, about 61 and had black eyes. The man spoke to me and the other girl and said 1This is the prof we are here1, and then he said you can go back because you have gone through enough, but we will take many others1, he did not speak but was sending this telepathically. I realize this was no dream and I went back through the whole and back to my house. 

After this I couldn1t sleep for the rest of the night till 4:00 AM after which I did wake up at 2:00 PM the next day. When I went down stars to eat breakfast, I realized that my cross around my neck was tied around itself, the cats had all disappeared and hide throughout the house, the temperature had been turned up to 71 degrees, and when I looked at the picture I tock last night after the incident, I looked BAD! I also, felt drained and I thought this was Friday not Monday!  Also, after what I thought was a dream I thought I was asleep for a lot longer than one hour!
The Man I spoke to was 6' whit haired and had patch black eyes like a shark, and transparent skin.

Today after this encounter I had to go to the bathroom constantly and my throwt was dried out and it felt like some one has put a tube done it.
