{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-20 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519979","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36639","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2510,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/979/mufon-5519979.json","updb_database_id":5519979}
high alt. orbs of various colors. one flew extremly close then back out.

I am staying at The Oak Tree Inn just down from Mormon Canyon, Green River WY. I decided to take my sling shot with me to walk the Canyon. I left at 6:30 or so and soon was over a mile into the hills. Walking back in total darkness, i decended the west rim about a half mile from the entrance by Hampton Inn. I watched the stars come out and have seen "orbs" before in this area. More lately. I soon saw a reddish orb or satilite zooming fairly quick for a sat. i thought. Then it veered and soon was outta site. Not 10 mins later a really fast yellowish, fastest ive ever seen, took the same relitive path and was gone within 7 secs. I continued to witness more and more activity and decided to flash my cell phone at em. Weve done this before and seemed to get responses. Sure as Sh*t, within 3 mins 2 orbs appeared seemingly chasing. Little reddish in front from the west to east. It was being pursued at the same rate by a larger yellowish orb. Just under twice as big as the afore mentioned "red". As they approched at 75% or degrees on the horizon, the "yellow" flared brilliantly to 5 or 7 times the original size taking on a saturnish radiance in the fact that it had an aura or ring around it of blueish yellow. All the sudden I felt like it might just come on down. I felt for about 2-3 secs, as it grew, it would decend. I felt momentary fear. Then it returned to its normal size in pursuit of the "red". Like it was way up there and in the blink of an eye it was less than 500 ft above me. Then it was "normal" again. Shortly after clouds started rolling in. No need to mention I chose not to try to signal any more of the 5-7 orbs witnessed after that. Whole thing lasted 1.5 hours and peak activity was occuring as clouds casted over. This is the 3rd time witnessing such things and I wanna know WTF? For real WTF was that?
