{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-28 17:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283979","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119450","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4023,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/979/mufon-5283979.json","updb_database_id":5283979}
Looked like an extremely bright satellite or plane. Then changed direction and hovered.

I had a feeling that I should be watching the sky. In fact I had been pacing outside my shop for half an hour skywatching. It wasn't quite full dark. I stopped pacing and decided to call it a night. I went into the shop to turn all the lights off. Walked out the door and onto the path that leads to our cabin. the path runs roughly east west direction and I was walking west. I had an arm load of firewood and several cups in one arm. As walked down the path. I looked up to the south west over our barn roof. I saw an very bright object in the sky moving in a north east direction. As a point of reference Jupiter was very bright that night and highly visible. Out here at that time of night it is generally the brightest object in the sky. This was twice as bright and looked to be twice as large. Scale is impossible at night looking at the sky. The light was whiteish almost amber. I dropped the bundle of wood in my arms and took out my phone. The first thing I did was call my wife to get out of the cabin to see what this thing was. It wasn't moving that fast, so I thought I had time. It rang three or four times, I sent her quick text, telling her to get out here. I called again she answered and I said get out here look to your left. At this point I wasn't sure what I was seeing. She stepped out and saw the light also. at this point the object was almost directly east. it has slowed and stopped at this point. I turned to walk to her on the path. She then saw the object wobble almost hover then disappear in an instant. By the time I had turned around it was gone. At this point I got out my Air Traffic app and and checked for flights. there was nothing around except a flight I had pegged earlier heading south east from Fort St John to Edmonton international. The satellite tracker wasn't much help at it had already disappeared. Besides my wife and love to star/cloud watch and always have our heads to the sky. We live on a farm and are surrounded by crop fields for miles. we can barely make out our neighbors lights in the distance. Our view of the sky is uninterrupted. We know everything around us in the sky. We track the ISS and Starlink on our phones, waiting to see them overhead. Furthermore, we are quite used to seeing aircraft in various forms and various altitudes. We know understand the principles of physics and the Doppler effect when aircraft approach and move on. Living out here, unobstructed as we are we can hear planes at almost levels of altitude. This made absolutely no noise. Planes we see at ight are never this bright, and cannot move that fast without making noise. Planes can change directions, satellites do not. The hovering then blinking out is strange also. The object did not change size then slowing recede, it stopped hovered wobbled then disappeared studently. The only thing I can think to explain that is the plane is the plane banked then straightened. and perhaps dipped its wing several times?? And we were watching it disappear in line with its flight path. From our unobstructed vantage point it doesn't quite fit either of the profiles. I am hoping you can shed some light on this matter. I am sure you have access to better flight trackers and such than I do. I am kicking myself for mot taking video or a photo. Given the fact that I made two phone calls. Thank You!
