{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-27 02:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497979","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61282","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4086,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/979/mufon-5497979.json","updb_database_id":5497979}
{cak} it looks like a star, until it started moving in random patterns in the same position it started.

I took my dog out for a walk, at approximately 2:45 a.m. Eastern Standard Time on the morning of October 27th 2014. I was just about to head home when I looked up and through the trees and noticed that an orange object the size of a star, in the south southeast part of the sky underneath Orion's constellation, (to the left of the star Sirius near the constellation of canis minor, more specifically in the location of the star Procyon). seeing the object move out of my vision made me a just where I was standing so that the object was above the treeline and not true the tree line from where I only spotted it. I stood in the street with my dog looking south southeast and watched the star like object, which I thought was a star because of its altitude brightness and color.I soon realized that this object was moving, in different shapes & random patterns near & around its original position in the sky. I thought that I was hallucinating or simply swing and that the star or object wasn't really moving. So I sat down and stared at the object and over the course of about 20 minutes I watched the object move in s like patterns going in small movements then large movements making stops on a dime and changing direction randomly. I even tried to capture the object through my phone's camera and video camera and was unable to focus in on the object enough to satisfy myself. I didn't want to move from where I originally had spotted it because I was distraught with the fact that this is really happening and no one will believe me because I have no proof to show that it really happen. Eventually, they paperboy drove into the neighborhood where I was walking my dog, I flag him down and described to him and point out the star or object in the sky which I had seen. He and I stared at the object for approximately 5 minutes and he is well saw exactly the same movements that I was witnessing. 
Ultimately, I had to return to my house with my dog at about 3:45 a.m. I immediately grabbed my digital camera with a telephoto lens and tried to take snapshots of the object but I became very frustrated with not being able to zoom in on the object to my satisfaction. I even tried using my mother's digital camera and my father's tablet to try and take video or photos of the object which was still moving and/or replicating its random patterns in the sky. Eventually, I became so frustrated with not being able to harness any evidence to prove or back up what I had seen, that I simply said the hell with it went back inside my house and told my parents what I had seen laid in bed try to get some sleep but I was just too worked up to catch any sleep at all. Since the sighting I have seen similar objects in the south south eastern part of the sky but in different spots than the original object sighted, moving in random patterns. I have tried to find out whether or not what I'm witnessing is a common occurrence by researching my sighting on the Internet with other people's similar sightings. fortunately I have found some peoples stories to be similar to mine but those stories that I have found similar have all taken place in years past. For some reason I am still seeing the original object in the sky moving and dancing around. If someone could explain or perhaps provide a better video camera with telephoto lens, perhaps my sighting can be proven or explained by a professional.
