{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-06-12 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483979","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75868","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2203,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/979/mufon-5483979.json","updb_database_id":5483979}
hovered above roof of car about 5 feet from roof

my wife an i were on our way back to city with our 2 childeren sleepin in back .it was sunday nite we had stayed for church an left around 10.oo pm on a warm summer nite.there were no stars or moon cause it was cloud overcast all weekend. it was a black nite on the country road .we had just turned on the bend of the road to a stright highway about 2 miles long , no cars behind me with one car maybe a mile ahead there r acouple overhead powerlines on that strect of highway. suddenly on the left side of the car i could see the ditch an the trees. there was no light behind us or i would have looked in the rear view mirror first . i looked at my wife to tell her what i could see an she was looking up thro the wind shield towards the roof of the car . i looked up an saw this glowing white florencent ball about 4 feet in diameter an about five feet about the roof of the car. i only saw the front half of the ball shape cause the roof line of the car i could not see the rest of the object.the car is travelling at 100km per hour an the object was hovering completely still over the roof an no noise. the object looked like it was moving thro mist or a cloud . no noise. never felt anything wierd or the car was not efected either. i looked at the road cause i was driving the car for a second then looked back up again an it was gone. my wife said it went straight up into the black sky. was gonna tell the rcmp but they would not believe us . i know it was not swamp gas . pluto. weather ballon helicopter. satitite. reflection from venus. or a 727 air liner!
