{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-22 01:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529979","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25523","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2708,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/979/mufon-5529979.json","updb_database_id":5529979}
3 lights at each point, 2 smaller lights in the center with a smaller red blinking light. Between the lights there was a golden haze obscuring the object.

I was 8.5hrs into my shift as a truck driver when I saw out of my passenger window a craft moving west, at an altitude of 300-400ft (There was a storm with low cloud cover but not raining yet) down the 401 on September 22, 2010 at 1:10am. I was driving down Pinebush Rd after leaving my employers office. About 400ft to the right I caught out of the corner of my eye, what I thought was a helicopter with it being so low and all the big lights. There were three large bright lights 60ft apart in the shape of a triangle, with two lights about half the size/brightness in the center as well as a small red flashing light just like the ones seen on civilian aircraft. The lights seemed to create (atleast from my angle) a gold/orange haze obscuring the shape of the object. It was moving forward with the flat part of the triangle, leaving the point at the rear. Turning a short distance before Franklin Blvd the craft pivoted the right light toward Hespler, while tilting alittle in a tight 90 degree turn. The craft was now moving with the pointed part of the triangle over Food Basics and then over the houses vanishing out of sight. I couldn't hear anything but then again I was driving a loud big rig. I slowed my driving so I could watch it more and was amazed at how much ground it covered without appearing to be moving fast. I was excited to see this object but didn't feel the enlightening/awakening I had felt with my sighting in 1999 of a green orb. I felt up beat and good about the sighting until I got home at 4:00am, I then started to feel a little down and discouraged. I keep thinking what I saw was normal and not "out of my reality" and there for is not a big deal. Then I would change my mind and think it was important and would want to find out what it was. I think I'm feeling this was because it wasn't as crazy as the green orb but either way I thought I'd let everyone know what I saw and who knows if more people come out with sightings.
