{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-15 05:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484772","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75032","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2461,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/772/mufon-5484772.json","updb_database_id":5484772}
Reptilian laughing and telling me I was not needed anymore.

In the seconds of waking up with my eyes closed I saw two of what I've read about called (Reptilian's)telling me I was not needed anymore with one of them giving an evil laugh like Ha ha ha. I don't think this was a dream because they were so vivid. Let me start at the beginning. About 5 years ago I would sometimes see out of the corner of my eye a bright green light streaming down thru my bedroom when I was just about ready to go to sleep. I would fall asleep with nothing more happening but wondering if something had. This would happen at least once a month. One night about 3;00 AM I woke up to the sound of a low flying airplane coming right over the house and waited for a crash which never happened. There was a small private runway for small aircraft close to my house and I knew a pilot that flew there. He told me there was no reason for a plane to be that low, flying at that time of night. This sound was of a four engine prop plane that was full speed above the house. My wife and I travel in a RV and went to Washington state where the green lights continued. I did see what I thought were three ufos that reminded me of helicopters without blades that I reported to MUFON, but no encounters. We traveled south to Arizona and about the second night there is when I saw the entity's, also with the green lights the night before. My wife thinks I'm nuts which may be the case. These entity's seemed like they were next to my bed talking to me. They were a dark green with lighter green highlites, the almond shaped black eyes with a snake like appearance and small pointed teeth. I can't remember ever being abducted or being on a space ship or anything like that and hope I don't but I fear that has been happening over the years, I just don't remember. My wife may be right, maybe I'm a loon.
