{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-01-20 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481772","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78215","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4978,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/772/mufon-5481772.json","updb_database_id":5481772}
{dr}Bright green light emitted into the living room of a large 13-foot window. Light panned left to right and accelerated with every second. With speed of light, the brightest green light every imaginable was seen and disappeared.

It was in the winter of 2005, and it had snowed that night. My son, then 11 years of age had invited one of his best friends to spend the night on a weekend night. To me, the evening was a typical, uneventful sleepover night where the boys stayed up late and slept in the next day. When they awoke, we were all surprised to see that it had snowed the previous night, about 3 inches. This was enough for much excitement, so I bundled the boys in their coats, hats and gloves and sent them outside. Not a few moments later, my son came back to the front door with a panicked look on his face. 1Mom! Come quick-you have to see this!1 I grabbed a coat and ran outside. My son was at the bottom of the front steps cautioning me to look down. We were on the front landing. To be able to see comfortably through the front window from the landing, one would have to stand about 7 feet tall. What we saw directly below the large front window were two big 1footprints1. My cell phone at the time was an older Nokia flip phone, and I didn1t know how to do videos with it. Frankly, the thought didn1t even cross my mind as I was dumbfounded by what I saw in the snow. The prints looked like large (size 13 approximately) 1Y1 shapes with the 1Y1 stem and 1toes1 being large being careful not to disturb the prints and surrounding snow, we walked to about the middle of the yard, about 20 feet away to follow the prints as they progressed toward the house. With the new-fallen snow as fresh and undisturbed as it was, it was absolutely unmistakable that the prints 1appeared1 in the middle of the yard and advanced toward the base of the front window. This looked as though the creature was 1set down1 in the snow at that particular point in the yard. The boys were obviously extremely concerned about what we saw. I recall somewhat passing it off as a bizarre creature that had somehow made its way to the house. After all, the parents of my son1s friend were to arrive at any time now, and I had much to do that day.  

Fast forward to March 2010 and my son, now 16 years old, was on spring break. We had tickets to a Chicago Bulls game and he and his friend were anxiously packing for the long weekend trip to the Windy City. This was the same friend who1d spent the night five years before.

We were in the kitchen going over the necessary items for the trip, and my son said to me most seriously 1Mom1 (pause), 1do you believe in extra-terrestrials?1 1Why, of course I do1, I responded whole-heartedly. 

My son and his friend began to share the story of that night back in 2005. As the boys were still fairly young, they stayed upstairs to sleep, rather than in the basement. The upstairs of our ranch house is simple and without a foyer, a guest would open the front door and walk right into the front room. 

The front room has a large 13 foot1long window, approximately 3 feet tall. It has blinds on it that are partially open at all times because the open /close mechanism is broken. The area is backwards L-shaped, and as you walk through the front room, there1s a small sitting area directly across from the large window, toward the back of the house. This is where the boys set up camp, complete with TV, couch and sleeping bags. 

I was asleep in a bedroom down the hall and was unaware of anything happening throughout that night. According to the boys, they were lying on the floor facing the TV, with the large 13 foot window to their backs. They began to get ready to sleep, so the lights were turned off and so was the television. The room was completely dark. Just a few moments later, somewhere between midnight and 2 am, both boys saw a reflection on the TV and the wall in front of them of a bright green light. The frightened boys huddled on the couch, barely peeking their heads up, to see if there was something they could see. This green light emitting into the room filled up the entire 13 foot-long window initially. Then, the light began to pan from left to right, accelerating with every second. Suddenly and at the speed of light, the brightest green light ever imaginable was seen and disappeared.  

1It had snowed that night.
