{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-05 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498772","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60396","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3749,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/772/mufon-5498772.json","updb_database_id":5498772}
{nd} Large bright light, on a clear night with a bright full moon, was going across the sky and straight to the Moon, and obviously went

My brother "Rich" and I, go out every evening and sit on the front porch for awhile, and visit and look and the stars, before we head to bed. It was around 8:15 in the late evening, dark with a bright moon and a totally clear sky. With in a few seconds after I sat down, I immediately noticed a very bright and apparently large light (or object) coming from the South West and heading North East, in a straight line. My brother seen it at the same time, when I alerted him to the sighting. I went inside my front door, and picked up a 10x50 binocular and continued watching the object. We both observed it through the binocular, and there was no blinking lights what so ever, just one huge bright light! It reminded me of the Space Station that I had observed on 3 different occasions. You couldn't see many stars, because the Moon was so bright, and this was the brightest light observed in our whole field of vision which was quite large. Even on a dark night with a lot of stars, this would have been as bright or brighter than what I remember the Space Station being. We thought it must be a large satellite, and maybe in fact, even the space station. It was moving fast through the sky similar to what we would expect a satellite to do, but it was so big, we thought it must be fairly close to the Earth, and of course between the Earth and the Moon. To our surprise, as we watched, it was heading straight toward the Moon! So I got ahead of it with my binocular, and focused on the Moon, so I could hopefully see a silhouette of it, or at least just see it pass in front of the Moon. As we watched, the object was approaching the upper part of the Moon, but when it got to the Moon, it didn't go in front of it where I could see it, it went behind the Moon and as we waited the second or two it would have taken to come out on the other side, it surprisingly didn't! My brother said just as it got to the moon, it appeared to him to have arced slightly and then it disappeared behind the Moon. We watched for the next half an hour, and nothing was observed coming from behind the Moon. There were many high altitude plane flights, going through the skies, during our observation period, and all of them were much, much smaller and not even close to the brightness of the Object we were watching. Also, all the planes had the blinking lights you always see on air craft. It was obvious to us, that if this object was indeed at the same distance from Earth, as the Moon, then it had to be a very, very large object. This sighting cemented my belief in other intelligent life in our Universe and that there is absolutely something going on, on the Moon! I'm glad I witnessed this with my brother, so I would have back up to our sighting. We weren't drinking, or doing any kind of drugs, and we were totally sober (I don't drink or do drugs)and fully alert. I am 65 years old, and my brother is 46. This was quite an eye opener to both of us! There surely had to be other people that observed this also. Thanks....
