{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482772","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77181","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2320,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/772/mufon-5482772.json","updb_database_id":5482772}
I saw a disc like ufo shoot across the sky. The light and speed caught my eye. I watched it for 1-2 minutes before it flew out of sight.

At approx 9pm on June 20th I was sitting in my apartment in the new territories of Hong Kong watching TV when a bright flash of light caught my eye. I am on the 28th floor of a south facing apartment with a large wall of windows. I exclaimed "what was THAT?" And jumped off the sofa and ran out on the balcony. My wife, unacostumed to me being so energetic after work on a weeknight thought it odd. As I went outside I very clearly saw a bright disc like object flying over the Tsing Ma bridge from the east in a fairly straight path until it disappeared behind buildlongs in the south west. It was fast and had varying speed. 

We are near the hk airport. This was not a plane. I see 2 planes a minute out of my window. This was not on the airport flight path, was not flying at customary height or speed. The disc moved through the air with ease and incredible speed. I couldn't tell the size or height but I estimate it was below airplane altitude (by quite a bit) but much higher than one would commonly fly a drone. The disc shifted trajectory a few times suddenly and also dipped occasionally to reveal more of the surface of the craft. It appeared smooth and silver with a light emanating from the whole object that was yellowish. 

10-15 minutes later my wife saw a green orb structure floating on our patio. I did not see this myself. She said it was a green ball, translucent, it hovered on our deck (28 floors up) then floated away. 

We are not ufo nuts. We were fully sober. It was a clear night. My wife didn't know the word "orb" until last night. This is what we saw.
