{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472468","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87945","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3217,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/468/mufon-5472468.json","updb_database_id":5472468}
{jpg} I was in my back yard waiting for the fireworks when I noticed an object that was changing color seemingly shape also.Witnessed this for about 15 20 min, until it dropped straight down and out of sight. About 5 10 min later I got into my car.

Me and my children were getting ready to watch the fireworks when we noticed an object changing colors and seemingly shape. I called my wife who was only a few blocks away and asked her to look. We both took a video. This lasted for about 15 20 min. We couldn't imagine what it was. It stayed perfectly still and continued changing colors. Thought it could possibly be a drone but didn't believe it to be.  We watched until it fell straight down out of sight. I thought the whole thing was something cool to witness. About 5 10 min later I went to get my car when I noticed 2 red orbs by the train tracks. The orbs were above to small trees. I put the kids in the car and went looking for them. As soon I I started driving I saw one above the building at south ave field. I pulled my car around, got out and began recording again. As I filmed the one another one came from the southeast, it was only 30 ft above the ground. It barely cleared a house and a tree. It then came towards me and was only 3 4 ft off the ground and less than 50 ft away Meanwhile the first one ascended and made o u turn. I could see through the bright light of the 2nd one. It was a bowling ball sized silver orb. The light seemed to be like a curtain or drape. It then went over the football field following the same direction of the first. What struck me odd was that they didn't seem to have a purpose. Like they were just looking around by this time I was extremely excited while my kids were scared. The one told me she thought they wanted me to leave them alone.
