{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-23 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490468","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69116","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3135,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/468/mufon-5490468.json","updb_database_id":5490468}
4 orb like lights close together in a line, very bright, stationary, treetop level, 1 small orange object to the left, lights slowly moved away, no noise

I live in the country in a town called Toodyay about 80km from Perth in Western Australia. There is alot of Farm land but also areas of thick bush and trees, I live on a 5 acre bush block about 7km from the town Center. I have a lot of tall trees (white gums) on my property. I was up late watching a movie and was about to go to bed, it was approximately 11:45pm, when I realised the fire needed another log on it so I went out my back door to get one when I noticed some bright lights in the sky about tree top level on top of the small hill at the back of my property. At first I thought they were a rescue helicopter, they are quite common in the area because it's the quickest way to get to the hospital, but then realised there was absolutely no sound, not even a faint one. I then observed what appeared to be four orb like lights in a line close together and to the left of the object was a smaller orange light a little bit off to the side. The lights were bright, brighter that a star, they reminded me of stadium lights and were kind of emitting a flare off the top and bottom, it was impossible to see any shape to it as the light flare was so great. Once I had realised it was nothing I had seen before I quickly stepped back inside and locked the door. I could tell it was close as the tops of the trees were slightly lit up from the lights. I tried to look out another window to get a better look but couldn't see any better, it lingered for about 10mins then slowly, so slowly you could hardly tell it was moving, drifted off out of sight, the last thing I saw was the small orange light which slowly disappeared as I watched it. Then nothing. No sound, complete darkness. I was really scared, I was shaking, it felt very eerie, my husband works away 2 weeks at a time so I was by myself with 2 small children and a baby, I actually rang my Dad to come and stay with me I was so scared, I was actually too afraid to get in the car and leave. I was hoping that in the morning I would see that it was just something very explainable but when I looked at where I saw it, there is nothing but sky and tree tops. I have thought and thought about what it could have been, I have ruled out car headlights, plane, helicopter, star, drone, I have no idea what it was. I just know it was bright and big and close and I would be quite happy if I never see anything like it again. It terrified me.
