{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527468","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28157","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2321,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/468/mufon-5527468.json","updb_database_id":5527468}
low altitude flyover

the night of the 3rd i was at my friends house in carlton apartments in greenwood. my friend calls me outside to see something in the sky. i go outside and he points towards the general area of matthews mill in greenwood. i saw what just looked like a bright light but nothing special, but it was coming in our direction. as it got closer i could see at least 4 lights and started to hear a sound. the sound can best be described as a high pitched noise sort of like a dog whistle probably between 14 and 16khz but also there was a low rumbling like distant thunder. the three of us all noted it kind of made our heads feel funny like pressure change i.e. when you drive into the mountains.
 as it got closer i noticed it had an outline like a large oval black against the night sky. as it got closer the sound got louder. i also saw what i thought might be some sort of girders or support structure on the underside of the vehicle.i am enclosing a drawing of the underside of the vehicle in this report.
it flew in the same direction the whole time. it was definitely slower than an airplane or jet craft but faster than any lighter than air craft i am aware of. i called some friends across town that live in winter ridge apartments and they saw the same thing that the three of us saw. 
 i grew up with my dad being obsessed with military planes. i have been to many air shows at wright patterson as a child and have seen just about every kind of propulsion system in the air be it single or double bladed helicopters, jet planes blimps even stealth aircraft and this was like nothing i have ever seen.
