{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-24 23:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510744","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47649","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5075,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/744/mufon-5510744.json","updb_database_id":5510744}
{dr}Large orange/red glowing ball, missing time, and humanoid entity sighting with questioning by police the next day

As reported to ASD by phone - witness wishes to remain anonymous. I had to use my own phone number since the CMS would not accept the report without a number. The witness would not give an exact address, e-mail or phone number but sounded credible so I am posting the report here. 

I heard a strange humming sound outside of my house which is on 100 acres of wooded area near Piedmont, Missouri. I went outside to investigate what the low humming was and saw a large brightly glowing orange/red ball of light on the NE corner of my house, just above the roof line and approximately 15 from the house. It looked like a solid object underneath a halo of light surrounding it. I was standing about 30 away from the object. I was in shock and stood there, frozen, while calling to my 36-year old son to come out to see it, which he did. We both watched as this object for about 20 minutes or so as it hoovered in the same spot, wavering somewhat, then it moved to the Southeast and noticed that there were at least 10 more of these objects in the woods at and below the tree line about 100 yards from our position. The object moved very slowly towards the woods, seeming to be unaware of our presence or not to care that we saw it. I tried desperately to get my cell phone to come on so I could take a picture but it would not work. I thought the battery was drained, but after the object was out of sight the phone resumed working. 

Next, we turned to go back into the house and something caught my eye. There was a 4 tall humanoid being standing next to the tree and a little behind it. It looked greyish but it was hard to tell in the darkness eve though there was a full moon out. I just got a glimpse of it before it vanished. Oddly, I did not react by yelling, or running away. The impact of what I saw did not hit me until the next day. My son said that he did not see it.  When we got back inside I was shocked to see that it was at least 50 minutes to an hour later than when we went outside, as it seemed like only 20 minutes of time had lapsed. 

Next, we heard a helicopter approach and looked out the window as it flew in the same direction as the UFOs. I have never seen a helicopter out here in my entire life. We did not go outside to look at it. 

The fact that both of us were able to go to sleep after that was amazing to say the least. It was as if we were in some kind of a trance-state. The next evening my son was in town getting some groceries when he was approached by two policemen. They asked my son how he was doing and if he believed in aliens or ever saw an alien. He replied that he did not. They again asked him the same questions, which he thought was very odd and again replied that he did not. There had been no prior conversation, and he does not know these men very well so thought it very odd that they would say something like that. He was afraid to tell them what he saw the night before. This event triggered the memory of the prior night and when he returned home he asked me if I recalled the same things he did, which I did recall, including the sighting of the being by the tree. We both found it extremely odd that we did not think of the previous nights event earlier in the day, or that we were not more upset by it, and had not called anyone about it. 

How did the police know about this event? We spoke to no one about it. I called you to make this report in an effort to see if anyone else has reported anything similar but I don't want any publicity and don't want to talk to anyone else. The whole thing has me a little scared.  

Note: We have seen balls of light in this area before, and have seen unidentified objects, but nothing as close or as dramatic as this. My parents and grandparents owned this same land for many years, and they said that all kinds of weird stuff happened here but they did not talk about it much. My mom and dad saw a UFO over Clearwater lake in the early 1970s. I remember that my grandfather talked about some missing time and seeing a red fireball back in the 1940s, and that my parents always checked and locked all the doors and windows in the house at night, even during summer when it was cool enough to leave the windows open. They didn't talk about it much but now that I think about it that was pretty strange, since we are far away from any other houses out here.
