{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523744","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32186","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3034,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/744/mufon-5523744.json","updb_database_id":5523744}
i SAW 2 TIMES IN 30MINS THE SAME BUT DIFFERENT, 1-LIYING TWISTER 2-METAL BALL N TRAILS

I 1 oK, last 20 sep at 15:00h more or less, flying from tenerife to stanted, uk, probably over france, falling sleep while looking to clouds through the window, all of them seem like cotton islands, in the middle of one group, its was plate, well, in the middle i wacht a very dark gray stroke, its﻿made me think about so strange because all was white except this black line in the middle.
2 i seen move, in fact, rotating, like ship in sea, slowly...so i touch the knee to awake the sleeping guy was closer to the plane`s window, lituanian i think, living in cambridge. i said "look! look!! this thing!! what is that??"" and he ""i﻿don't know"

the stroke was thinner in a point than the other, lookin like a liying twister i between solid and dense smoke and rotated about 180 degrees on itself and the plane wasnt bending at all but,

3 the objet or twister or whatever this was staying all time in same position, when it dissapear from window, because plane obviously was moving, i walk in﻿the hall searching other windows but nothing, i couldnt see anymore, tha i feel embarrased cause people from their seats start to waching me.
4 the sighting spend like 2 minutes and was as fa far from us as a 1km +or-, after a while i seen a couple of planes at same distance so the "ufo" was a 3-5 commercial planes long, i reckon.

i was exited untill after a 30mins i seen a very similar phenomena but this time was double like big big smoke after a military flight﻿reactor but bigger and dark gray-black colour, and somethin very small bighting like metal in the middle,

5 ...and i thought first and second phenomena was something in relationship with planes, because i am not an expert, so i tell my story about 4 persons and i forgot the matter....UNTILL NOW when﻿i saw this video and it is exactly what i seen, double but i did look like something small and round in the middle. But the irs one, wich was like twister was MUCH MUCH STRANGE overcoat because rotate like only in one solid piece and plane was straight ahead.
end.....sorry i just watch again this video and i can see its something round in the middle,,so i can confirm, WE SEE EXACTLY SAME THING!!

thank u 4 upload this video﻿thas probe we seen same phenomena in a very distant parts of the planet.
look at this is the same: [links moved to FI Investigation section/cms/tg]
