{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-11-13 19:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503744","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55178","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4407,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/744/mufon-5503744.json","updb_database_id":5503744}
{dr}Puzzling

I was driving a car by the shore, in a time that the shores of Recreio dos Bandeirantes in Rio de Janeiro was almost a deserted place back in 1979.
... My friend spotted what looked like a star moving too fast in several directions. I pulled over, and we kept watching it move to the mountains and all the way to the sea in seconds.

The weirdest part: My friend and I started calling it and the star-shaped UFO not only slowed down but changed into "something" with tiny lights, until it slowly approached and passed above us, still very high up in the sky. We could both see its triangular shape and lights on its edges and one apparently in the middle of the triangle.
About the sound that it left: A very pleasing and soothing sound, which my friend and I simultaneously described as calming. I'll never forget that sound in my life. It lasted about 8 seconds, but the sound was unforgettable (granted, I do have a good memory for sounds).

Another detail: possibly a minute after it passed right above us, still very high, another car pulled over, and questioned what we were doing there. We immediately replied, pointing to the UFO. They looked, but only believed it when the UFO turned into a red ball; it lowered a bit more, and it seemed that it was coming in our direction. But it didn't take long for what looked like a red ball to turn into other colors again. Then it flew all the way up and continued to move like it had when we first spotted it: very fast, up and down, and to the sides.

My feelings: Fear combined with self-control and peace (even though I'm usually very emotional -- I don't know how I managed to stand still during those moments). With my fingers, I made the sign of number 8 and a triangle, and placed my hands on my forehead ( I was trying to convey friendliness). While it was approaching and passing right above us, I stood still repeating: "Peace, Friends, peace, Friends." However, my friend seemed to be in a frantic-like state. He rushed inside the beach and started screaming, fell on his knees and begged to be taken.

...As it moved up into the sky, we got into my car, and it once again transformed into a star. It moved up and down, back and forth, and seemed blended into the sky with the surrounding stars. 

One week later, when my friend and I went back to the same spot, we saw a small, soundless, roundish light above the ocean. It looked bright yellowish. We asked each other "Do you think it's the UFO?" in unison. It glowed once, and very slowly the lights dimmed and it raised vertically, and very slowly, it moved above the sea, towards the end of the shore. We instantly jumped into my car and drove up to the end of the beach, but it remained hovering above the mountains, and I had no courage to continue to drive in that place. (I couldn't tell if it was a UFO, but it was certainly something unknown, trying to make itself known while in camouflage).

I'm writing about this event, even though it's been years, not only because of the event per se, which were remarkable, but also because again in 1982, when those shores were yet pretty deserted, a group of friends and I saw "something" (about 4 or 5 miles away) colorful above the sea, it was hovering. We observed it in awe, and watched what seemed like a tiny light coming out of it and going into the sea.

I believe that among the shores of "Barra da Tijuca" "Recreio dos Bandeirantes and "Grumary" ( in Rio de Janeiro- RJ, Brazil) there was something going on, at least until the beginning of the eighties, when these areas were deserted places.

I know it's been a long time, but who cares about time, when we have quantum physics proving us that time is not linear?

Thank you for your attention,
Best Regards,

[Name removed/cms/tg]
