{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-07 19:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284744","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118670","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3468,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/744/mufon-5284744.json","updb_database_id":5284744}
Bright light fluttered over Hudson Valley, NY - Oct 2021

Just after 7pm on October 7, 2021, myself and two others witnessed a light move in a   North -> South -> South West direction. It was brighter than Venus (which was out that night above the Southern horizon), and as it moved, it seemed to flutter like a feather or a leaf, almost sputtering along, or moving with gradual yet random bursts. We watched it for aprox. 2-3 minutes as it moved all across the sky, curving slightly to the west as it moved along south. It was brilliant, radiant white in colour - so bright that we could not make out an outline. I recorded it for 20 seconds, but moved around as I was a bit excited by the site. When I realized how much I moved, I decided to record another video, this time more-stable handed, which unfortunately was only 6 seconds in duration before it disappeared behind the tree-line from my vantage point. Just before it met the tree-line, I noticed a flash just off of the main light. Just one blink, which can be seen in the shorter footage. I then crossed the yard to watch it disappear over the south-western horizon for about another minute. 

When going through the footage later, I could make out what looked like a dark ring perfectly surrounding the light, placing that light in what looks like the center of a circular craft. I included original video stills, and those with slightly adjusted backgrounds which accentuate the outline of this object. 

When I noticed the odd, dark object surrounding the light, I went back through the video frame-by-frame and noticed that the object appears to eject some sort of light on one or possibly two occasions (screenshots included).

Amazingly, within two hours of this siting we all spotted a satellite, a distant plane, AND a comet (with a really long white tail) which allowed us to almost immediately discount all three because this object did not look a thing like any of the others.

If someone could please provide some more information on what this could have been, I would greatly appreciate it.
