{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-08-02 19:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458744","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102787","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3609,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/744/mufon-5458744.json","updb_database_id":5458744}
{rjl} What seemed to be a plane followed by a circular, smaller craft a few hundred feet above it.

I was coming home from a hard day's work. I tend to look up into the heavens from time to time in the hopes of seeing a UFO.

The thought, "I hope I see a UFO" comes into my mind and I looked up and immediately spotted what appeared to be an airplane being followed by what looked like a circular object some several hundred to one thousand feet above it (in my humble estimation).

I quickly grabbed my phone to record what I was seeing. I first put my phone's zoom on in hopes of capturing the object in a closer view since it was so far up in the sky and I immediately proceeded to record what I was observing. 

The beginning of the video I was trying to spot it above the chimney but there were two chimneys in view and that is why I am having a difficult time capturing it directly.

There it was in my camera's view and I was trying to record what I was seeing while also looking at what I was seeing with my own eyes because I felt as if I wanted a pure observation of it rather than just looking at it on my phone as I recorded it.

Towards the end of the video, both the "plane" and circular object made a sudden 90° turn and another curve like motion before going behind the building. 

As it disappeared from my view; I hurriedly rushed down the block to get another view of it but it had risen so high up that it would have been impossible to have captured it with my phone. It quickly disappeared into the heavens (in that it was a pinprick in the sky and ultimately disappeared). 

There was no sound to either craft. I can assure you that the bottom object looked just like an airplane. The zoom from my camera has in some ways distorted the shape of the "airplane." 

The object above it was circular. Both of them were dark. There was no shine to either craft. The circular object was above the "airplane" throughout the whole time I observed it; even though at some points in the video you can hardly see it. It was there all.along. 

The video is 32 seconds long and no more than 10 seconds had passed from when I first saw it until I started to record it. So the whole thing lasted for under a minute. And just a little over a minute total if you count the moment I stopped recording, ruched down the block and saw it having become a pinprick in the sky.

The UFO seems to be a couple of miles high as seeing airplanes from that height are rather common. Again no sound was emitted from any of the objects.

I do not know why the airplane UFO took the shape of an airplane. All I know is that if that was truly an airplane; the sudden 90° would have ensured that it would have exploded in the sky because airplanes are simply not suited to make such sudden turns. 

The video should speak for itself as I do not know what more I can verbally add to my sighting.
