{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-08 01:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491744","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67812","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3258,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/744/mufon-5491744.json","updb_database_id":5491744}
There is a lot to be said. A breif description of alien : very tall long blondish hair super pale skin

Girlfriend and I went for an nice winter walk on my birthday. We started walking back to our appartment, that's when we looked up because we heard an pulsating noise. What we seen was an large teardrop shaped craft moving at an slow pace of speed and then the craft was almost at the end of our street. That's when I spoke out aloud to my girlfriend and said "do you think what I think that this could be an intelligent being from another planet." At the same time, I was thinking the same thing that I just said. That's when the craft did an weird movement and turned around and landed. Between 25-30 feet away from us. At this point, my girlfriend and I are scared s**tless and couldn't move. At this point, its going through my mind that I1m scared and that they don't mean us any harm cause I don't mean them any harm or it any harm. Then suddenly,there was an bright blinding white light. I couldn't tell which part of the craft it was coming from because I couldn't see. Then as suddenly as the light came on,it was off. It took me an few seconds to see properly, but when I could see ,there before us suddenly was three human like beings. They were all very tall and it appeared to be two males and one female,but I can1t be sure. Their hair was very long and blondish white and their features such as their eyes,lips ,nose and ears appeared to be human like but but at the same time not . Their skin was so white, it was like milk. Their eyes were an brilliant pale blue . I started to think to myself , that me and my girlfriend were going to die. All of an sudden ,something strange started to happen to me . It feels like they are reading my thoughts from childhood until now like an book. I found out later that my girlfriend went through the same thing like I did. Anyhow, like I was saying, they were reading my thoughts and feelings like an book. Towards the end of them reading me, I hear an calm,beautiful ,welcoming female voice in my head,telling me that they were not here to hurt me or my girlfriend or anyone on this planet. That the only reason they were here was to learn more about us humans and also to protect us from the greys who do want to hurt us. They also said alot of things that I won't go into at this time. But they did say that we were attractive race of beings,which made me feel proud. By the end of this experience, I felt the safest that I felt in my life. If you would like to know more,I1ll leave my number here. I tired to leave it where it said but it wouldn't go in. So here1s my number: [Phone number removed/cms/tg]
