{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-17 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527744","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27876","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2907,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/744/mufon-5527744.json","updb_database_id":5527744}
amoeba or jellyfish like

I was out on my front stoop at 7:30pm talking on my cell phone with a guy about refinancing my mortgage before the rates get too high. Just as we were winding up the conversation, I hear a pop to my left about 100 feet away. I thought someone had shot off a firecracker. As I looked, I saw something float up from behind some trees up the side of the building. It shimmered and my initial impression was that it was a dud firecracker. I'm continuing my conversation on the phone and this thing floats towards me over the roof of the building diagonally across the parking lot from me. I'm thinking "how strange" because there is no wind and it shimmers. I'm still on the phone but not really listening to the mortgage guy. As it gets over me, it looks just like a jelly fish with red blinking lights and a shimmering silver outline. It is tumbling end over end and the lights are on the inside of this thing. I think if it had been daylight with no lights I would not have seen it because it was so fragile looking. I don't know how big it was or how high because I am a poor judge of distance when it comes to looking up in the sky. I think it must have been relatively small and low but I'm not sure if that was just an optical illusion because after it floated over the roof I thought it was a clear plastic bag???? I don't know exactly what to call the thing except that it looked like a flying jelly fish or amoeba. I ball parked the experience as lasting maybe 10 minutes, I don't even think it was that long. This thing moved like it was rolling along the bottom of a creek, it followed a straight line, like you see some jellyfish do on the ocean floor when they are caught in a current and flip end over end. It flew over the cedar tree at the corner of my building then out towards the dam and river where it disappeared from my view. I didn't follow behind the buildings to see it since it is dark back there and it would have been out of sight by the time I got to the open bluff behind my condo to see it. It was going in a northeasterly direction. I wasn't frightened just kind of, "I really don't want to be seeing this". It was not nearly as dramatic as the incident we had out here on 09/26/2009, which I also reported to MUFON, but I did get a good visual this time.
