{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-09 06:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504717","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54169","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4866,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/717/mufon-5504717.json","updb_database_id":5504717}
{rjl} early in the morning, a message was transferred through me from outside the building via a computer desktop speaker. the resulting recording established 5th kind contact manifestations continuing to this day.

During the early morning hours of Dec 9th, 2012, i was in the company of my cousin at his apartment in suburban Indianapolis, IN, USA, hanging out after a party I had attended earlier in the evening where I had engaged with a man on a higher consciousness level. This chance meeting raised a lot of eyebrows while opening the door to the contact event.
  While using my cellphone to carry a deep text message conversation with a friend, my cousin was nose-to-screen deep in sorting through debugging error logs attempting to troubleshoot an issue with his pc. we had spent a couple of hours staring into our respective screens with little verbal conversation between us. For some reason, I noticed his taskbar icons when i checked the time, specifically the volume being muted through the volume mixer. There were no browser pages open in the background, just a few control panel modules he had opened to get to the program he was using currently. 
  As the sun came up, something just changed in the room, the energy was creating a "hum" in my ears which I also happened to notice affecting the intensity of my cousin's tapping at the keyboard. Suddenly, a crashing sound came blasting through the small desktop speakers on the desk, no warning, out of nowhere. Startled by the abrupt volume and the sheer weirdness of it all, we both just stared at each other like "what in the...?" until I was jolted to record the whole thing with the digital mic on my cellphone. Somehow, I just "knew" I was supposed to capture the message because it was being transmitted somehow through my energy. 
  The recording lasted four and a half minutes, the actual message possibly being about ten seconds or more in length from reception of the signal to the moment I hit the record button. At first, it sounded like a rogue frequency bleeding through a radio or cellphone, but a keener ear revealed startling "binaries" I later deciphered. The untrained ear only hears commercials, specifically being unable to relate the syntax to the context of events leading to the manifestation of the signal. 
  For three weeks, my life was turned upside down as the celestial succession of the vernal equinoxes signified the final tick of the Long Count, 12/12/12, when I decided to play the recording for a friend. The immediate reaction he projected was fear, so intense his eyes teared yet he said he wasn't actually "crying". Since then, the effect of this recording on others has been bizarre to say the least. My awareness leads me to understand it is parallel to the fictitious Vega transmission from Sagan's novel Contact. buried deep in within the waveform is a hexadecimal/golden rule sequence of data masked by the seemingly redundant infomercials and broadcast chatter. The mere fact the majority of various transmissions correlated to recent or future life events in my personal life was proof enough to family and friends something eerie was happening. I felt like Richard Dreyfus' character from Close Encounters of the Third Kind. My life has not been the same since, nor have the manifestations ceased. I have had countless instances of unexplainable phenomena amongst numerable startled or even scared witnesses all across the country. 
  To date, there has been one similar signal transmission phenomena to occur, either an aftershock or another reminder of things to come. Over the course of the past 3 years, my track record with contact seems to be more empirical and less anecdotal as each day passes. In this day and age, I find it hard to believe there is a more compelling example of an individual truly maintaining that open channel, releasing the resulting energies i have come to harness as a result. My personal life has been turned upside down, isolating me from family and close friends due to the intensity of the true nature of such an event challenging the paradigms and belief systems of anybody in contact with me since and during the fallout.
