{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1972-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492717","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66810","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3683,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/717/mufon-5492717.json","updb_database_id":5492717}
{rjl} I was four/five when my whole community saw this craft. We all ran out of our homes and watched it in the skies. I remember my older brother and I on top of the fence looking at it.

I was just a young boy. Around 4 or 5 years old. I have five sisters and one older brother. We were all in the back yard playing because it was just getting dark. It was just the beginning of summertime, so mom would let us play outside until bedtime. My mother had a friend over and was drinking coffee at the table with her. My older brother was the first to see this craft in the sky, and then my sisters all ran over. I was always apprehensive and shy as a kid, so I took my time going over there to where my siblings were. When I got there I saw this craft in the air. It was silver in color and had a very small dome on top. It was circular in shape and had blue and white lights at the bottom with a dark center. I could tell at some points that there were windows in the craft around the small dome. I wanted to be close to my older brother, so he let me hold onto his pant leg. That is when we heard all the commotion from the front of the house, all the neighbors were coming out onto the street and staring at this craft. My brother ran into the house and got binoculars to stare at this thing. He came to the small wooden fence and sat on top. I wanted to be with him. So he let me sit on his lap and even one time put the binoculars in my face so I could see the craft. The craft just hovered for a while and then it shot straight up. We never saw any other airplane or helicopter in the air, and were never approached by any authorities. I'm not sure if anything was in the paper. 
A few nights later, my mother was upset with me because I had eaten children's aspirin, because I thought it was candy. She made me drink a lot of milk. For my punishment I had to sleep in the back yard all by myself. She locked the back door so that I couldn't get in. I went to the side of the house that was furthest from the field of weeds that lined the other side of the house. I crouched down by all our bikes piled up against the house. I was in a fetal position when I noticed the first creature. It was about two feet tall and had a lot of hair all over it's body. I couldn't understand what it was saying, but I somehow knew that it was peaceful. It approached me and put it's hand on my head. Then I saw four more coming toward me. And that is the last thing I remember. I woke up the next morning in my bed. My mother was furious, because she couldn't understand how I got into the house. 
All my life, I have had sleep paralysis, flying dreams, fears of little people, and odd scars that appear on my body. Only recently was I able to get a few pictures of what was visiting me at night. I have always suffered from insomnia, and these pictures are not helping me get any sleep soon.
