{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485717","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74009","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":23451,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/717/mufon-5485717.json","updb_database_id":5485717}
Black triangle craft. Several abductions

I am a 50 year old man from one of the Scandinavian countries (north Europe) and finally decided to write regarding my experience of abductions. Hopefully this can make you who are reading this and sharing similar experiences feel better, knowing that we are many people all around the world that feel the same. 
Here is my personal story. [Please forgive any misspellings, since my English is not that perfect.]

BACKGROUND 

Let me get one thing clear from start.
I am not making this up. I am not writing to get any attention, in fact I am still reluctant to describe these things to anyone. I am not in any way mentally ill, imbalanced or suffer from any type of experience in life that can explain this.
I have never been to the hospital for any serious illness or accident, I have never been drinking alcohol or taken any drugs in my life, cause I have always believed in that we should try to stay as healthy as possible.

I am a completely ordinary person. I have no specific fears or inhibitions of any kind. I am social and easygoing; there are simply no 'odd' things about me or my life in general, that can explain what has happened to me.

Let me also tell you, that I have done many tests, both during my military service and later for work and all these tests has shown the same; no irregular patterns of any kind. Taking the risk to be boring here, let me also explain a bit about what I have worked with and my background. 

Working as a guide and ski teacher, I have spent hundreds of days trekking and skiing in the wilderness, many times alone in tents. I have made trekking tours alone for up to 1500 km. Never ever during all these years have I even had the reason to fear anything or any animal. During many years I was also doing a lot of outdoor sports (rock climbing, paragliding, diving). All these kinds of activities require that you have at least a decent sense of safety and clear understanding of risks and you also get used to handle a low level kind of fear or anxiety and fear, since many of these activities are quite exciting. 

When it comes to education I have studied ecology and during some years I worked with and came to befriend several climate- and space scientists from different parts of the world. Later on in life I have also had the pleasure and luck to be able to travel a lot and get to know many countries and cultures. 

I write this so you should get an understanding that I consider myself as a person completely normal and can evaluate both physical experiences, understand odd natural things in nature and also have a good perception of different people, cultures etc. I am a father of two great kids, the most wonderful thing in life.

Yet I can not explain what has happened to me during most years of my life.
Even though I have grasped to understand it, I started to realise that it can be nothing else than abductions. 
I would have preferred to dismissed it and considered it as a result and product of my vivid imagination. 

One year, I even contacted a clinic at a hospital, specialised in mental illness and went there to do a number of tests. 
I told them I had severe anxiety cause I wanted to see the result if they tested me. During 2-3 sessions (including 2 doctors) they did not find any strange mentally with me. I ended the visits, told them I felt better; the truth was that I did not want to waste resources that others needed more. They professionally confirmed what I already knew. There was nothing wrong with me.

Yet I woke up in terror and fear almost all nights during so many years. Totally disorientated, not knowing where I was. Yet I found myself as child sleepwalking; or more correctly 1 waking up in odd places. And with very odd dreams and memories. I never thought much about it as child. But later on in life, as these things happened constantly, I started to wonder what it was all about. It also became very embarrassing, when (for example) my friends that I visited found me sitting in the middle of the night at their kitchen table, with every light in the apartment switched on. In fear.
They always joked and knew I had 'nightmares' and needed a night light not to be disorientated.

When I was checking online and I just focused on my symptoms, I found that PTSD (Post Traumatic Stress Disorder) was the thing that was most similar to my reactions. Yet I found that very strange. Why should I be suffering from PTSD? 

Years went by, and I was busy with life. As always, I was so used to this fear at night, that at some time I just got very angry about it, thinking that "I don't care what it is, just let me get my sleep!" At other times I just resigned to whatever it was, and decided it was just a product of my imagination. Of my fantasy.

And I could have lived with that. I can accept that we don't grasp everything in life. 
I know we have selective thinking and warped memories. I know that we humans are prone to trying to find the "final" explanation/solution to the world around us. I know we try to live in utopia. I know, just like you that we love to create myths about our reality, and that we in fact (sadly) fear things and are prone to lie to each other and live in denial. 
I could write it off as sleep paralysis (even if I have nothing else to indicate it). I could have accepted is in the same way that the people during the middle ages or in history made up stories of 'small folks' as folklore.

WHY I STARTED TO LOOK INTO THIS

But there is a few things that happened, that made me change my mind and try to understand what has happened to me.
The most personal was when other persons, that I had relations with or friends, started to tell me some very odd things they experienced. And remember 1 I have NEVER told anyone, not even my closest partner in relation, about what I suspect this was. Not a word about UFO or abductions.

Yet, several times during the years - also this year -I hear stories from people I know very well. Simply starting to explain the same thing. They are paralysed in bed. In fear. Around them, or beside them, are small persons.
Some times they don't see them, only a "quick movement". They have bruises they can't explain.

One of the most amazing stories was with one of my previous partners. She was absolutely not the kind of person that would even think of these things, very 'down-to-earth' kind of personality. She had a cat. And during a period she had some of her family take care of that cat. I was not there at that time. After two or three days when the cat had been gone, she tell me that she had this extremely fearful nightmare. Being paralysed and with someone on top of her. Someone at the end of the bed.

The next morning she find the cat food. UNDER the bed. Dry cat food. In a pyramid shape. As if someone had taken out cat food, piled it up for the cat. The problem was that the cat food was stored in the kitchen, in a can.
She could not explain how that cat food got there.

I saw that pyramid shape with my own eyes. It made absolutely no sense. I knew my partner very well. Never nightmares. Never anything that would made her tell this and do something like this. That she would have sleep walked in to the kitchen to pile up food under her bed did not make any sense. I could see a true fear in her eyes, as of a real experience you can not explain. At that moment, I knew directly who had put that cat food there. And why.
I could even sense it. 

They did not know where the cat was. They tried to attract it to come back.
That pyramid shaped pile of dry cat food finally brought home what I suspected all the time. That we are not alone. And how contradictory, odd, strange and outright crazy it sounds, we are visited night time by other living beings.

They are small, pale, with dark black slanted eyes. They are much thinner than us, and weaker. They even fear us, or that we should wake up. That is why they are coming at night. That is why they paralyse us. I have seen it in their eyes. And they have looked into mine.

The last month, I had long conversations with a very good friend of mine, from another country. What did she tell?
Without that I have ever mentioned anything. Paralysed in bed. Small creatures moving. Seeing a box floating in the mid air as child. Hearing voices. Seeing 'small Japanese men'.

I would have written it off as a mere fantasy, delusion or sleep paralysis. I could have told myself it was all a bunch of false memories that I had made up myself. But it is not. Cause I have friends saying the same. In this country. In other countries. They are all serious, normal people. Why would they make up such a story or just tell it for no reason at all?

Even that could have been accepted. We might all be victims of our imaginations? If it was not for that visible pile of cat food on the floor. Finally, the visitors had made a mistake. We took a picture of it. She still got in her mobile phone. They left an evidence. And they were not the only ones. 

The other thing that made me change my mind about this subject was two other pieces of evidence that told me that this could not be a fantasy:

The first thing 1 hundreds, if not thousands of serious witnesses, military, police, pilots, ordinary people that has seen unidentified flying objects. Mass sightings of UFOs. Radar evidence. Thousands of movie clips that defy reality. Even if 95% is fake, wrong, misunderstood, there are so many serious cases that can not be dismissed. 

The second thing 1 9/11 1 that really made me understand how even governments in democratic countries cover up and lie to their own citizens. (If anyone has any doubts, check out some of the latest findings and make up your own mind about it). I keep myself well updated what's going on around the world and know that most countries unfortunately suffer from authoritarian, corrupted regimes. But it is also clear that most democratic governments are keeping many things hidden from the public. None of these are as evident and clear as in the 9/11 case, where who ever is responsible, as told completely false stories of criminal acts.

The cat food. The stories from my friends. The UFOs filmed and on radar. The cover up stories of governments.

These four things made me realise a very uncomfortable truth. A reality that I had experienced all my life.
That all over the world, visible flying in plain sight and sneaking around in our houses, are other living beings.
With a mindset and technology that are totally different from ours.
That is why I write this. 

There is something going on, that is partly hidden from us. That we can not grasp. That we are not told.

After 50 years, I has accepted that I will probably never know the truth about it. And it's OK. But at least I will share my experiences to those who had the same, who felt that fear and who doubted themselves.

Nowadays, I see no other choice but to look at what the evidence and reality tells me.

There is simply no way that all these UFO films and evidence can be false. I have heard the testimonies from pilots, military and the polices. I have studied hundreds of hours of them now. My sister has seen one. And I had come to realise that the shadow of a black triangle over me many years ago that made the starlight disappear was probably one as well. That is the most worrisome and at the same time most clear thing.

If unidentified objects are flying around, then there is someone controlling them. 
And I know who it is. They have visited my homes all my life. And perhaps yours too.
And it is also obvious that the governments know about it. But do not tell us. 

A SHATTERED MIRROR OM MEMORIES

Let me then try to explain to you what I have experienced.

The first real odd things happened as child. I still have a very clear visual memory in my mind from my childhood. 
The problem with that memory is that I am flying diagonally over a high way somewhere. I can see he net of wires and orange lights that shine down on the street. I am probably 2-4 meters above. The strange thing with that memory is that I can not understand why I have it, how I can see that angle. And most of all. I remember clearly the dust and dirt on top of the lights. That kind of detail that I never had in a dream. 

The second thing was that my father needed to tie a rope around the clip where I opened the window as a child. One night he found me hanging out the window. For the fear that I would 'sleep walk' and fall out (we lived on the 3rd floor) he locked up the windows. Why was I hanging out the window in the middle of the night? Why would I like to get out through the windows?

I had a fear as a child of dark "goats" eyes. When we visited an animal park/zoo, I feared their eyes for no reason.

I also got terrified over a picture my family put up. A Santa Claus. With totally black eyes. I feared it so much that they had to take it away, I told them that "Santa was coming through the wall".

The most terrifying experience was at about 11-12 years of age. I was staying at my sisters place. 
I had these really scary nightmares. And flashes of seeing 3-4 small pale persons with black eyes, standing beside the tree outside, they first seemed a bit unsure where they were going, then they turned and looked at me inside behind the glass door and started walking towards the door. And of that one of them pressed his face against the glass to look inside. Then memories that they were inside the house and how I tried to escape. Then my mind is blank.

Then all these nights, waking up in odd places. In different rooms. With all the lights on. Screaming in fear loud so other woke up. "Sleep walking" was the reply from the family. Even nowadays, I prefer to have some kind of natural light (window) or small night light. I know I always will be disorientated before waking up if I get these nightmares. My partners always had to endure all these years of night mares. They told me I always wanted to "get out".
Yet I have never suffered from claustrophobia. I have been diving in darkness. I have been crawling in caves as a guide in the mountain. This is not any kind of it. This is something else.

One of the nights that I woke up at my friends place (previously told) I had switched on every light in the whole apartment, including in my friends bedroom! I was sitting confused of fear in their kitchen. And I heard voices. Downstairs by the door. Voices getting fainter, as leaving. And a sound as if the door was closing. 
A short while later my friend was awake, asking what happened?

A very good question. Yes, what was happening? 15 years later, I still ask myself that question.

One year, I was skiing in the Alps. In Austria or France. At that time I spent many seasons of years doing that.
And one winter I was in a smaller village with my friend, they had some kind of traditional celebration.
The villagers had costumes of different types. One of them had like a mountain goat. Even 100 meters away when I saw it - in full daylight and knew it was just a traditional celebration and a costume - that shape and eyes got me suddenly so scared and paralysed of fear that I directly told my friend we needed to leave. I could not understand it.

My friend was surprised, I made up a story why I needed to go back. I could not stand a moment more seeing this shape and costume. I could not explain why. I was out skiing with my friend, and just stopped to see it. I was truly terrified by that look, but was trying not to show it. Why did I suddenly got scared away from a costume of a goat in the middle of the day? It was something with that shape, eyes and movement the person with the costume did that triggered something in my mind.

One time, not so many years ago, I found myself sitting and staring at the door. Suddenly gripped by a fear that someone would enter. At lunchtime. I full daylight. I tried to reason with myself. The funny thing was at that time I lived in a very peaceful village close to the national parks, with minimal reasons to worry. Never any crimes or anything happened there. So I laughed at myself and realised that it must be something else. Like a memory of something.
Finally, I had to give up and locked the door. I laughed at myself, but at the same time I had some really odd memories. Of strong lights outside the window at night time, shining down from above. Of small persons walking through the wall. I was sitting eating my lunch, totally gripped by sudden fear that someone would enter. So odd. It felt like a 'bubble' of a memory, that surfaced my mind.

This is one of the oddest things about all this. I have at wintertime looked in the snow outside my house or apartment to see if there are any tracks of any kind. But has never found any.

In the end I decided that I would not fear these things anymore. And honestly, during all my life nothing bad has ever happened that I know of. At that time when I got the sudden fear, locking the door, I also got two red rashes on each side of my belly. The lasted for some days.
And suddenly the tips of my ears lost the pigment, as if they had a cold damage. But it was in the middle of summer.
I woke up and stared into the mirror, laughing at myself. The top of my ears were white. They still are. They never got any pigment back. I don't know why. The rashes and the strange look of my ears is the only strange things that appeared in associations with these experiences.

Still I have a bad feeling about this. The paralysing fear that is felt close to these creatures are worse than any fear one can describe. It's so bad that I know that most of the time I have not even dared to look at them. 
But one day I understood that feeling. In an unexpected way.

One year I had the pleasure of joining the work of a friend in northern Scandinavia, herding the reindeer1s in the winter.
They are staying most part of the year in the wild, but a few times a year they are located, rounded up and they are captured by the family owning them. They are marked, so every family know how many reindeer1s they have, they are sometimes given antibiotics or some medication, and some of them are taken away to be slaughtered for food.

When I stood there and worked and assisted my friends, I could see the terrified horror in the eyes of the reindeer1s. They tried to get away, they run as fast as they could. The fear of us was so clearly displayed in their eyes. They were almost paralysed by it sometimes when we grabbed them. They could not understand what was happening to them.
Most of them was later released, and could live the rest of the year in freedom on the mountains. Until next time.
Some of them never returned.

That day, when I stood there among them and saw the fear and terror in their eyes, I recognised the behaviour.
I realised that I was just like them. That we were all rounded up by someone we did not understand. That did something to us. And then let us go on with our lives.

Just as difficult as it is for a reindeer to understand what we are doing and why that is happening, just as difficult it is for us. Imagine the reindeer. Strange intelligent creatures appear suddenly surrounded by technology he animal can not understand. We even fly in air planes. How would a reindeer ever understand what that is?
Then we capture them, inject things with strange metal medical tools. And let most of them go.

That day, I understood that we are no different. What if we are the reindeer?
Then it would not be so strange at all. We show exactly the same pattern of fear and problems of understanding.

Later on, when I was finding and ordering Whitley Streibers book Communion I got such a bad feeling of that front cover when I opened the package that I had to put the book away and I could not stand to read it. I did not like that front cover. It took many months before I got over it. A front cover. On a book! It just does not make sense to have that kind of reaction. What is triggered in the mind, seeing such things?

To this day, I don't know what all this is or means. But I know one thing.
We are not alone on this planet. Actually, I never thought so, looking up at all stars, knowing how many hundreds of millions of solar systems there are. Already as a child I was fascinated about space and about zero gravity. 
I spent some of my time as a kid learning the numbers of distant galaxies. I never understood why.

From an ecological perspective, it's not surprising at all. There are so many species in our world, many of them are rare and look really strange and weird. Nature has a diversity and a way that is so complex that it would not surprise me at all if there is a lot of life everywhere in space.

It is just very odd to find them in your own mind, bedroom, apartment or house. Sneaking around at night. 
And to realise that they fly around us. Sometimes so obvious that one wonder if it is done by purpose or if many of these orbs are just unmanned things measuring or studying the planet. That they do not even understand that we see them clearly sometimes.

Another feeling that I have for them is pity. Pity because I know and have felt that they fear us. That these tiny intelligent creatures are not as strong as they seem. And many odd things, such as the cat food, missing clothes or items and how they behave, seem to me the most realistic evidence of all, that we are not dealing with any fiction or fantasy.
They sometimes simply don't seem to understand that some of their behaviour is too obvious. They even seem to be forgetful and to be fascinated about some things. 

I do not believe most of the stories about them. And not what they have 'told us'. Or many too detailed conspiracy theories about it, where people claim to know everything about them. It just does not make sense either. 
If they have the power to do what they do, they can most likely affect us to believe anything. Most of the time we are probably filling in the gaps ourselves with whatever personal, cultural or fearful imagination we have.

If it was not for the the way they look and act, so terrifying for us on a personal level, I would almost feel pity for them and could almost stand their presence. But still I fear them too much. And I hate the way they move. But the more I learn about it and other peoples experiences, the easier it gets over the years.

I hope you can feel the same. Thanks for taking the time to read my story.
I hope you can feel comforted by the fact that we are many sharing the same strange experience and the more we understand it, the less we fear. Never mind what other say. We all know that feeling. We all know what we have seen.
