{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-04 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509717","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48699","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3830,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/717/mufon-5509717.json","updb_database_id":5509717}
{dr}witnessed a red glowing sphere traveling in an elongated

me my wife and my two kids went to watch the city fireworks display. we were not in the park proper, but we were park about a half a mile from the actual park. as soon as the display started, we noticed what we thought, at first, was just a glowing ember falling from the fireworks. it never went out, and it travelled around to the far side of the park. (or possibly outside of town)a few seconds later another one of the same color and size came travelling in what appeared to be the same formation or flight pattern. this happened almost identical a total of 5 times.it (or they) traveled from the south up toward us, travelled in front of us and appeared a couple times to fly directly thru the fireworks display. then it would fly off to the west then change direction again and fly north. The pattern of the flight path (if looked at it from above it, would look like a stretched out "s").it did not appear to rise or fall in elevation. it did appear to travel from almost the horizon to right above us, then back and out of sight. the movement of the objects was slow, steady, and deliberate. they did not make any noise at all. they most definitely moved with some kind of intelligent control. they were not effected by the wind or even the fireworks that were exploding right around them. me and my wife were so interested in these objects that we actually spent the entire time of the fireworks display watching and filming these objects. and as the fireworks was ending, as if it was a part of the show, the final sphere turned to the north and simply traveled out of sight.

 I can most assuredly say that these objects were definitely NOT fireworks. in the very beginning we thought that they were simply embers. however it only took about 5 seconds of watching it to realize that this was most definitely NOT any sort of firework. in fact, as soon as I saw the first one we started to film it. because we simply knew that there was something significant to these objects.me and my wife are both intelligent people, who are not quick to jump to conclusions. neither one of us drink or do drugs in any way. our children witnessed the event as well as we did. I am sure many more people saw it as well, considering the fact that they flew directly in and at times thru the actual fireworks. thats why we simply filmed the objects and discussed their flight paths and their appearances 

 we do have a couple video clips of the objects. we would try to film it every time it would fly by. the film is unfortunately not really definitive(by that I mean, its certainly not professional quality. its really jumpy and sometimes blurry), however it does show perfectly what we saw.there are a few really good moments of the object in the film though. this was to say the least a really memorable independence day for us. 

 thank you for your time. if you need any further clarification or any more info, or anything at all, do not hesitate to call me or my wife. or if you would like you can email me or her. thank you very much,

[Name, Phone and email removed/cms/tg]

        my wifes email is [Email removed/cms/tg] if you would like to ask her any questions
