{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-27 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488717","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70922","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3170,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/717/mufon-5488717.json","updb_database_id":5488717}
{jpg} white lights blinking, no red or green tip lights moving very fast( much faster than common airliner

Dear sir(s) at 8:30 p.m. (per I-phone time) last night (Sunday September 27th) my brother and I were outside looking at the stars, the Milky Way was visible. A light appeared above the horizon coming from the north. At first both of us thought of a satellite or an airline flight from Spokane to Portland. I see many aircraft both during the day and night heading to or from Seattle plus the Spokane to Portland route. I am also very aware of the C-17's, C-141's, helicopters and agriculture spray planes I see on a daily basis. The object was coming almost straight at us from the north ( I checked with the compass on the I-phone) heading south. My best guess of it's speed was somewhat faster than the satellite( I have observed them going from a west to east direction two different times) and those usually take many seconds (20 to 30?) to move from horizon to horizon and this came at us from the horizon in maybe one second. As to altitude I believe it was below an airline flight (28 to 35 thousand feet). It had no sound as far as we could ascertain. Because of the airline flights and military aircraft that land at the airport at Moses Lake I am aware of both helicopter and jet exhaust sounds so I feel I can safely say that it was neither fixed or rotary winged. At that time the two options (satellite or airplane) were still in both our minds but what really stood out was the right angle turn heading west, (again using the I-phone compass), there was NO slow down or arc to this motion, it was instantaneous! The object then headed west in the direction of Yakima. Now it did a different thing, it slowed so we could see it for maybe one second more as it moved away from us but it must have slowed from it's original very high velocity. It had blinking white lights. A few moments later a blinking light appeared in the east, (toward the Tri-Cities) and while this was nowhere as fast as the original UFO twice this one moved with the strange changes in direction that seem unlike any vehicle, (air,land or sea) that I have ever seen, apparently without inertia. While in the U.S.A.F. I have worked on both the SR-71 and RF-4C's plus working at Boeing for 25 years on 767,747 and 777 airplanes. I also have been a model airplane enthusiast since childhood so I feel I know something about how airplanes behave in flight and I can honestly say that this was unusual to say the least. In total I think there might have been 2 seconds to the whole sighting.
