{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-18 15:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284717","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118697","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3324,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/717/mufon-5284717.json","updb_database_id":5284717}
Cigar {sleek with no wings or fins, cylindrical} UFO Sighting in Washtenaw Michigan

While driving north bound on US 23 in Michigan at 3:30 P.M. October 18th 2021, north of Dundee and south of Milan, I spotted an object in the sky to the east. 

The object was NEAR stationary, I said “that doesn’t look like a plane” to my fiancé who was in the front passenger seat. She concurred and we continued observing the object in the sky.

It was shaped like a cigar, sleek with no wings or fins, cylindrical. It started out barely moving, and seemed to be a very large object at normal altitude until we compared it to the planes in the sky at the same time, then it appeared to be only 700 ft. approximately.

It started moving west very slowly, then started to accelerate to the north, suddenly, after about 3 minutes of heading west. We could observe it heading north at a higher speed than we first saw it for 2 more minutes, then it suddenly accelerated to a speed that took it out of our sight in a matter of 3 seconds. 

We thought the sighting was over, when all of a sudden, about 3 minutes later, it was visible in the sky to the west, again nearly stationary and hovering. It started to head to the east at medium speeds, and then disappeared above the car. We couldn’t observe it further even through the sun roof, or looking to the sky in any direction. 

The most questionable things we observed were a complete lack of contrails, smoke, or jet stream. No rotors like a helicopter or some drones. No wings or fins visible for directional flight. It accelerated and decelerated in ways that seemed impossible for our technology. Was flying very very low in comparison to the commercial airliners in the sky at the time, which were starlike in size, where this was not able to be covered with an aspirin at arms length. Did not appear to be similar in shape, size, or flight style of military/law enforcement drones/aircraft. No sound was being emitted at all, like you would expect from low flying rotary aircraft. 

Two people observed the events stated above, no abnormalities or interactions occurred during the sighting, and the object did not make an apparent attempt to land.

We had been following a semi-truck hauling a load that appeared completely foreign to both of us. It appeared military at first, but upon further observation lacked the tell tale signs of military cargo transit. It was an extremely heavy duty short bed trailer, with an opening in the rear that had visual access to some of the apparent electronics inside, and a switchboard of sorts on the right side of the same panel. At first I thought it may be a generator but after the UFO sighting it is even more peculiar to myself.
