{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-23 23:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501717","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57321","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2951,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/717/mufon-5501717.json","updb_database_id":5501717}
{rjl} 1) very large invisable with 1 moving flashing light around perimeter above me only 30 secoends. 2) shooting star slowed, dimed, excellerated, wobbled and exploded

I was in my back yard leaning against a truck to look up at the stars because they seemed unusually large and bright and too many  I saw a blinking light. One blink and thought it was an airplane then realized it was too close to be one 2nd 3rd 4 th blinks came in totally different areas then again in same pattern and I saw a flash of light that must have come from above the object showing the outline of a disc . I told the person in the truck to look but they wouldnt put their phone down and I kept insisting but they kept refusing. This was about 30-45 sec. Then 15 mn later l was still checking the sky when what I thought was a shooting star appeared then I realized it was too close and didnt follow a curved path like shooting stars do.but from my pov it followed a very straight line. I wondered if a meteor shower was due but became very concerned when it didnt dissapate and extinguish as they do . It instead was a very very bright fireball with a very very thick tail, also bright. It traveled for a distance longer and slower than a shooting star. Thats when I knew I was looking at something ive never seen happen and I knew it wasnt a comet or meteor . Finally it seemed to dissapate like a shooting star and fade in color and brightness but befor dieing out it sprang to life, very bright again and excellerated, faster than it was traveling previously, too fast, then it suddenly wobbled and exploded . I saw no sparks fall. it was gone. no smoke nothing. The sky was very black. I became so sad and felt as if someone I cared about died and im so sorry for the family of the pilot. It makes me cry now as I write this part. As I recall now I spent the whole day in bed sad lonely depressed and feeling as if someone could hear my heart acheing over the condition of the world and its ugl iness. As if I was able to reach someone , god angels or whomever. I felt like someone was hearing my heart ache and that someone was supposed to be near and hearing me.they belonged here. Like it was a position or job that they chose or were given. A duty that they were happy to do.not out of extreme compassion but out of loyalty to the cause. Like a good dependable soldier.
