{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-14 18:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454717","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106896","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3927,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/717/mufon-5454717.json","updb_database_id":5454717}
{cak} a lighted ring shaped sphere see through, but that had some sort of spinning action happening inside the sphere..It looked like a lit hamster wheel

from what i observed lit evening sky..... imagine your at seaworld in one of their underground fish tanks , all you see is blue clear water with some very light clouds of seaweed scattered about, drifting ever so slightly, then you pan around and notice a fish swimming across the horizon just behind that a bright light seemed to be moving behind, then seemed to take a position, {although it could have seemed like it was moving because of the plane moving and some of the clouds} .it looked as bright as a headlight from a plane in the early evening but its been in the same place now for hours 
So in real/time... life it was a " plane" advancing through the middle upper right of my horizon at a presumably normal rate across the sky:.. as we normally see .. Once taken notice of that i then saw what looked to be something like a satellite or the space station as it was extremely bright given how light it was outside, although it definitely reminded me of the space station when i had seen it in utah many years ago . it has stayed stationary so far through the evening . i called my mom to the seen asking if she had any ideas of what she thought it was , she ran through a few different ideas then quickly was able to agree that it was not anything that she could figure . i then ran to get my phone to catch it on video...,and was so fully successful that it made start trying to evaluate and figure out what it was i was seeing in the sky ..when i 1st saw it with the naked eye it was strange enough, then when i got eyes on it with the phone camera as i was taking video of it , it was even more strange ,.... And then when i finally settled down after about 10 min and watched the video at very close up and zoomed in, i saw something that i felt in my mind was very difficult to conceptualize although i will give it my best Go at trying to explain what i saw in the video. you can judge for yourself when you view it, but to me it looked like {as an analogy}.
A clear snowglobe where only the outside ring of the glass was lit up like bright light ring l.e.d suspended / floating in a sea of clear blue water or sky, you could see the clear blue sky though the center of the ring but in the middle looked like a pendulum for an old Elgin clock, spinning around OR back and forth in the middle of it and spinning or moving very fast as the outside ring did not change shape, or even move it did seem to perhaps be rotating opposite of the action happening inside.... so this thing was like a see through hamster ball that was reflecting light just around its circumference and had a spinning flashing pendulum inside the middle .i have the video on my phone and will have to edit it in order to be able to send i just tried and its to large . plus i would rather share this video in a more personal or private way . i've seen many great videos of different anomalies online and on tv but i have to say this this is 1 of the best closest and clear videos i have ever seen and i took the footage so that eliminates that doubt for me. i will keep trying to shorten the video but i there is someone that can contact me direct then that would be even better .thanks
