{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1964-05-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5179349","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"1vnd9m","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5179349,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Two scrambles, radar/vis, UFOs sent proper IFFFran
Ridge:
May 15, 1964; White Sands, NM
11:30 p.m. local. Original lead read: (May 22) "Auto
radar tracks UFO
(on tape ???), UFO sends phony IFF." A google
search turned up this listing on our NCP UFO
Intelligence Summary. I
was unable to find any source or corroboration. The Blue
Book site was
checked to see if there was something observed at all at
White Sands on
that date, but no reference at all.

Brad Sparks:

If I recall correctly, this was an APRO case
reported in the
APRO Bulletin in May or July 1964, where more details
can be
found. The UFO(s) were alternately
transmitting/transponding in
IFF Mode I and Mode III which was unusual if not
unheard-of, hence
"phony IFF." The impression I got was that the
radar site
transmitted an interrogation signal on IFF Mode I but
got a transponder
response on Mode III, and/or vice versa, which of
course would be
impossible for conventional aircraft avionics.
It was apparently
MILITARY IFF not civilian FAA transponder (this may be
where the
Lorenzens were misled), hence it was encrypyted.
This makes it
all the more difficult to explain, even though a very
thin case in
terms of details and no documentation. It
happened in broad
daylight near 12 Noon in good weather so the radar
operator's visual of
"brown football-shaped objects" is also difficult to
explain as
helicopters since it was not under poor observing
conditions, to say
nothing of the fact that White Sands radar stations
would know about
test flights and other military aircraft over the
missile range.
What we need is angular size and visual duration data,
and other
details.

Jan Aldrich:
We
did interview the communications chief at stallion
site who was there
in this time frame. He said that UFOs were
routinely encountered
on the White Sands Range so much so that they were
ignored after
several calls to interceptors to chase them
away. He also said
some tests were delayed or cancelled due to unknown
objects or radar
returns on the range....he didn't have any detail
cases in mind just
the general information that things that weren't
suppose to be there
were detected. Some felt it was Soviet spies,
but no
interceptions were succcessful.

Detailed reports and
documents
reports/640515whitesands_report2.htm
[FATE, UFO Lands at AFB, Lorenzen)
bluebookarchive.org/page.aspx?PageCode=NARA-PBB1-307
reports/640515whitesands_rep.htm
(Martin Shough)
