{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1963-06-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496125","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63284","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3017,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/125/mufon-5496125.json","updb_database_id":5496125}
{nd} Eliptical with a conning tower with lights around it, like portholes lit up, cast a soft blue light over me. Had neighbor observe as well.

I was about 12 years old, babysat neighbors kids. They came home, lady paid me, and stood on her porch as I walked home. As I walked westerly, a soft blue light suddenly covered everything around me. I could see my long shadow ahead of me, so I instinctively turned around to see where the source of the light was coming from. There was what seemed like a submarine shaped object in the sky over the beach or ocean, at about 32 degrees above the horizon, just sitting there hovering in one place. As I stared at it I noticed it wasn't like a submarine, but a disk, and I was seeing it in an elliptical shape as the side view which made it seem almost cigar shaped. It had a low conning tower type raised thing on top with circular windows or light in equal distances apart, going all around the top, or at least I assume they continued around it. The blue light bathed me and something held me there, unable to move. It felt as if a short time had passed but it made me feel as if I'd been there a long time because it left me very tired. I'm guessing only a minute or so, yet it always made me wonder because of the fatigue. My gaze was glued to it as it just stayed in that one spot, and then it seemed to just move ever so slightly and was gone in a blink of an eye. I was standing there in the middle of the dirt road flabbergasted, and heard the ladies voice in an excited "Oh my!", turned, and we both exclaimed at the same time, "DID YOU SEE THAT?!! IT WAS A UFO!!!" My mouth and her mouth were wide open, our eyes, too. I ran home and woke up my family, got my telescope and tripod out, laid on a chaise lawn chair and gazed skyward for another hour, but never saw it again. I've seen two more UFO's in my lifetime, but both were much different than the first one. But because there was a witness, I knew it couldn't possibly be my imagination. Had a witness for the second one, too. The third was in broad daylight as I was going to work, so many people had to have seen it, it was huge.I don't want to write a book here so I'll leave you with that much. I just wanted to at least mention my first sighting since it made the biggest impact on my life. I'm 64 now and disabled. I had a long career at Kennedy Space Center. Space became my life. I'd love to meet them.
