{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-05-15 13:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494125","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65361","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2742,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/125/mufon-5494125.json","updb_database_id":5494125}
{cak} Observed possible landing site

Myself,my two brothers and several of our cousins were gathered at my aunts house on [REMOVED LOCATION] celebrating her marriage. The group of us kids went for a walk down the road to where there was a trail leading up a small mountain to a cleared out area on top used by a local church for picnics. We all went up to the top and were kicking around a soccer ball. At one point the ball went off the back side of the clearing and into the spindly pine trees that were roughly 30 to 40 feet tall. I went down to retrieve the ball and once having it, I happened to look up into the tree tops. This is when I observed a circular bowl-like depression roughly 40 to 50 feet in diameter in the tree tops. The depression was maybe 15 to 20 feet deep at it's center point. I ran up to the clearing again and told my brothers and cousins about it and we all went back down to look at it. Everyone was speculating as to what had caused the depression. Some said it was a tornado type wind. We discussed this and it was unanimous that this was not the cause of the depression because all the tree tops were laid out in the shape of a "bowl" with the tree tops laid out evenly all around and not twisted in a circle as if caused by a circular wind like a tornado. We discussed this situation for some time and could not determine what may have caused the depression in the trees. The only thing we could think of that could cause such a depression was a UFO. We all laughed about this but could not determine any other explanation that would explain the cause of the depression. This explanation sort of spooked us so we decided to go on back down to my aunts house. Eventually, being young kids with no experience investigating UFOs or knowledge of organization that investigated such, we just let the experience fade away into our past. I have discussed this sighting with both my brothers and they remember it vividly. I, as well as my two brothers have experienced other sightings of suspicious lights in the night skies that were obviously not from known air craft due to their movements in speed and angle of flight.
