{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-08-14 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453125","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108507","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2975,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/125/mufon-5453125.json","updb_database_id":5453125}
Light Oscillates from Green to Red

I am submitting for friends who wish to remain anon.
they live in Rossland BC. they have seen lights in the sky at night time in their backyard. 

#1 - This first incident is what we used for the information in the above Event Information: Wife and husband star watching on a clear night at approx. 11pm, watched from their back yard what looked like a very bright star that would shift between red and green, mixing the 2 colours together as it changed. Going from full red to full green. As if the color change was phasing from left to right. It was hovering above a mountain they can see in their backyard. It appeared to be directly above the mountain, 10 kilometres away, but could not be certain.(The mountain is in of the attached pictures in incident #3. In the photo the mountain top is low and flat on the horizon). the ufo did shift position in the sky slightly, about 1-2 thumbwitdth, back and forth erratically, even a bit jerky. It also varied in altitude about 1 pinky width. It stayed there about an hour, they went back inside at points and did not observe it the entire time. But they did see it go away - it just sped off in the opposite direction and vanished in the distance in the blink of an eye. There is an airport in the direction of the ufo but this is not a regular occurrence (they saw it once afterwards another night but the witnesses did not wait around to observe it because they were occupied with other things at the time) and the airport is a further 10-15 kilometres away which leads them to believe that the airport is not the source of the ufo.
#2 - the week before the first incident the wife saw a satelight around 1030pm, but it suddenly turned 90 degrees and sped away into the sky and disappeared.
#3 - Pictures are attached for this one. the wife wanted to start taking random pictures in the hope of capturing something. These were taken in the same back yard, not behind any glass. It is a picture of the full moon. The witness did not see the blue orb with their bare eyes, they noticed the orb afterwards in the photos.
They are most likely lens flares but thought we'd share anyway.
Thank you!
