{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489125","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70507","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3354,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/125/mufon-5489125.json","updb_database_id":5489125}
Underside had large central dome & 8 smaller domes around it.

Location of Sighting: Maylandsea
Date of Sighting: July 1968
Time: appx 10:30 pm

Witness Statement:	I have never reported this before as I didn1t want to be categorised with the usual UFO spotter. I was on my way to school, I was going in late, I got to the top of Mayland hill when I heard the trees rustling, this was odd as there was no wind at all, I glanced to the side and was shocked to see a disc shaped object hovering app 10ft above the ground. It was not very large, I would estimate 30ft in diameter. It made no sound at all, but the trees near it were moving as if a moderate wind were blowing. The most amazing thing about it was the underside, I was about 200ft from it and could see it very clearly. In the centre of the base was a large clear dome and around the edge of the underside were 8 smaller clear domes. The centre one was full of a, what I can only describe as liquid marble. It was a combination of reds that slowly swirled around, it looked just like when you stir red paint, you get the marble effect before it mixes in to on shade, but this fluid kept it1s individual shades. 4 of the small domes had the same red fluid in whilst the other 4 had the same type of fluid, but it was orange instead of red. I was only 12 and unfortunately after a couple of minuets I got spooked ( UFO1s weren1t really heard about back then) I jumped on my bike and peddled home as fast as I could. The road I lived in was unmade so you had to walk down it, it was then that I saw another weird craft in the sky in the direction of Bradwell. It was long and thin with a drooping nose, it had 4 smaller craft moving around it. When I got home I did drawings of what I had seen. When my father got home he did his nut about me not going to school and said my UFO story was made up and not to tell anyone about it, but when he saw the picture of the long thin craft that I1d drawn he was a bit shocked. He was an aerospace engineer, he opened his briefcase and got out some top secret pictures. They were of Concord! It was exactly the same as what I had drawn especially the drooping nose and the large tailplane. It seems that it was on a secret test flight and the small craft around it was an escort fighter jets.
I thought, even back then, that it was a strange coincidence that our first Supersonic aircraft was passing only a few miles from where I saw the UFO. I know a lot of people won1t believe this story, but I swear it is true. The thing that really made it stick in my memory was the marbled liquid in the clear domes, it was mesmerising to look at. It was the only UFO I have ever seen, even though over the years I have spent countless amounts of time looking at the sky.
