{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525125","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30668","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3612,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/125/mufon-5525125.json","updb_database_id":5525125}
I've been seeing Orb-UFO's do strange things over my home ever since I purchased this laser.

I've been seeing Orb-like UFO's nearly every night ever since I purchased a 200mW green laser from an online source. It started about one year ago when I received my laser in the mail. I was showing the kids how to play with the cats and how it looks like a star wars light saber. We went outside to shine it in the sky at around 8:00 PM. The moon was out and my older son asked me if the laser would shine to the moon which was towards the west, so I shined it to the moon. Then he asked me to shine it at a star so I shined it at a star which was towards the east. Then I began to playfully shine it at the ground studying the effect of the beam because it was new to me and I never used a laser before. Then out of nowhere my son (who is 8 years old) yells out "Dad! What is that"?! I turned to look up to see what he was looking at. There in the sky, was a very slow moving extremely bright white light just above the tree line. It was moving from north to south and crossed EXACTLY over the path of where I had just directed a laser beam at the moon. When I realized this I turned to see If something might be In the path of the other beam that I directed towards the star and behold, there was another one moving the same direction, parallel, and at the same rate of speed (Very Slow, almost a hover). Well, I became so frightened that I yelled to the kids to get in the house. My two sons and I ran swiftly to the door, and as I got the kids in the house I turned and watched the two craft join up/ meet together just above the tree line and wink off as if they had their hands on a dimmer switch or something. Gone! Ever since that night, nearly every night, I have been seeing, with the unaided-eye, bright balls/ orbs of light at all altitudes, intensity, speeds and quantity ranging from tree-line to edge of the atmosphere coming and going in every direction. On several occasion the "craft" appeared or materialized PRECISELY where I aimed my laser beam. It stopped/ hovered and gradually got so bright that I thought it was shooting straight at me, then suddenly disappeared. On other occasions I witnessed unusual, inconsistent, extremely bright, bi-location strobing of two "craft" perfectly synchronized. I'v seen twice now "unusual" meteor-like objects that do not fall, but rise at a gradual angle and zip by at a perfectly parallel trajectory with the ground. One of these incidences originated from the Strobe-like "craft". Finally, I have been experiencing episodes of sleep paralysis which is quite terrifying. When I'm outside, I seem to be able to "feel" when one of these "craft" are near and/ or visible. Until this past year, I was never afraid of anything except for maybe nuclear war. Since I was a young boy I would always go camping, biking and hiking alone until last year. Now I only go within arms reach of the front door to see the very thing that frightens me the most. UFO's
