{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-04-05 15:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288433","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114934","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5418,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/433/mufon-5288433.json","updb_database_id":5288433}
2 sightings, 1 orb like, the other huge silver can

Hi! My name is John. I have experienced 2 sightings within a 20 year span of each other, in which I feel, the both of them are very unique in their own sort of way. I was born and raised in the small town of fulton ny in 1967. Sometime in the late 70s I was maybe 10, 12yrs old at the time. I don't know if the way I looked at this phenomenon as being normal, bcus a couple yrs before that I was inside the house and heard people outside saying "ufo, ufo" so when I went out to look, what I saw was a little private plane with a digital advertisement of a store opening soon. 
Anyway, a couple yrs later, I was walking up the stairs fixing to shut my light out and go to sleep, but this time when I turned my light off, my whole room lit right back up, giving off the same type of lighting, I looked right at the bulb and seen it was out. I don't know if I was drawn to the window, but it seemed normal for me to just walk right to it, and as soon as I looked out, my room went dark and I seen what looked like the shape of a little light bulb giving of the same kind of lighting. It was really small, but must've been at least a few miles away. My window faces south, as soon as I looked at it, it shot off southwesterly leaving a split second of a trail. I can't remember if I went right out after that to tell my mother and my sister, or if it wasn't till the next day that I had told them that I think I had seen a ufo and they were both like, "oh really, wow" so thinking about normal, I never really talked too much about it. if someone brought up the subject I would then talk about my experiences. It wasn't till recently that I thought this particular sighting may have been a little focused on me, where as my second sighting, not so much..
Close to about 20 yrs later, 93-94, a friend and I were leaving the city of syracuse heading back to fulton. I was driving 690 east. As I was driving, I looked out my window and noticed some type of, what I'd call, a passenger type of vessel. I'm doing 64mph and this thing was gliding right along with me. It was probably less than a qrtr mile away. I rubbed at my window to see if it was a smudge or something and looked at my friend and he was already looking at it. As I was trying to process this, I could see there was no cockpit, no tail fin and no wings. however there was what looked like a row of windows, that looked very small for the size of the craft. I'm on a much higher plain looking straight across. it was a little cloudy and I could see the clouds being pushed around it. I'd say a hundred feet off the ground, over a hundred feet long and 5 times the circumference of a boeing passenger plane. I drove along side this object for at least a couple minutes. Not a cigar shape, not a tictac shape, but more like a big silver can. It was moving stealthily away from the syracuse airport, which was probably about 7,8mi. If it had just left the airport, would've have already been facing up towards the sky. As we were nearing the city we lost it in the trees, it looked as if it was just above the tree line. I tried to keep up with it, but just couldn't find it again. I really don't think I talked too much about that one either. Don't really understand why. 
It wasn't till just about a yr ago, I had asked my daughter about her beliefs and where she thinks we came from, and she said that she believes mars had become inhabitable and moved here. When she said that, I felt a huge weight being thrown off my shoulders. Everything I believed changed in an instant. I had been so blind and it all came together. I cannot deny, I've seen two if them myself. I started watching ancient aliens and their amazing cast, many other 'ufo' shows, and now, I'm proud to be a member of the MufoN family. 
I've heard it many of times, but I'll speak for myself. It would be selfish for me to think that there is no one else out there. In fact, I'd have to go even beyond that. When we talk about space, we talk about Mars and Jupiter and Saturn's rings, along with the stars and everything within our solar system. remember, all that is never ending. I believe, not only is there me doing what I'm doing now, but countless of me's doing the exact same thing, I even believe there is even countless of you doing the exact same thing. I also believe, if you can imagine it, it's probably happening somewhere. Endless, neverending worlds with the right atmospheric mix of oxygen that allows beings to jump or even fly. Possibilities are never ending. 
I also believe that as we evolved as humans, we were unable to perform the raw magic and impossible abilities that our ancient ancestors could and that we were left behind and abandoned with very little direction.
Thank you..
[ Item moved to F I Report {tjd} ].
