{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-17 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286433","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116950","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2298,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/433/mufon-5286433.json","updb_database_id":5286433}
Flying flat square/diamond shape with a dozen or more solid green lights being escorted by large military aircraft in very close formation

While at a bonfire in a friends backyard, we all decided to try and spot satellites or a shooting star. Within a minute (approx 11:30pm) we all heard a loud plane flying low over the surrounding trees. When it emerged it appeared to be a Hercules (or similar quad prop military aircraft) flying between 1000-2000 ft right above us and following extremely close to a craft at least twice the size of the military aircraft. The only sound we could hear was from the plane. 
We all immediately noticed how close these two massive aircrafts were flying to each other in formation, at night and at low altitude. The next thing we all noticed was the odd shape (no wings) and how it was covered in green lights running along the bottom. 
The craft appeared to be square or diamond shaped, had a single flashing white navigational light similar to the plane behind and it had a dozen or more solid green lights in rows down the middle of its belly and within each corner. The green lights seemed to be spaced very close together and totaled 15-20 separate lights. They stayed solid and looked almost identical to the green navigational light on the following aircraft which had one green light on one wing and a red light on the other. 
This craft flew right over our heads at low altitude and fairly low speed. It seemed to follow large power lines that run through the forest not fair behind the house. 
Both the plane and craft were observed for less than 10 seconds as it flew low over head and disappeared under the tree line. 

I hope to submit a sketch shortly.
