{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-12-30 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502433","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56568","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6880,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/433/mufon-5502433.json","updb_database_id":5502433}
{rjl} Multiple Events - Some as ATC

I earlier,in 1993-94, made a report to a UFO organization whose name I can not remember. It might have been MUFON, but I don't know. I can't search your database that far back.
 That report occurred when I was a veteran air traffic controller at Chicago Center south area. In approximately December 1993, I was working the Chicago departures at a very busy time in the evening with aircraft heading towards Terra Haute VORTAC and southwards. Indianapolis Center was my adjoining facility and suddenly did something they never did before or after in my career, they closed their airspace to all my high altitude traffic. I spent several minutes turning all aircraft into the opposite direction and shutting down departures from Chicago,and finally I got the word from my manual controller that the Indianapolis controller reported that the pilot of an aircraft travelling from east to west along my border freaked out upon having a close encounter with a UFO. I reported this in a timely matter to the UFO organization whom I can't rememember and suggested they request the tapes from Indianapolis ARTCC. 
 However an even stranger event occurred to me within a few months of the above event that I did not report. It occurred just a little to the north of the previous report. It was late in the evening and I had taken over all the airspace in the south area which can be described as a rough square surrounding Chicago, Lafayette, Indiana, and Peoria, Illinois. I don't remember any aircraft on my frequency at the time, so I was bored and just staring at the scope at a fairly wide range. I then noticed what I thought to be a departure from Grissom AFB. I only recieved a primary radar target, without a transponder. It started out somewhat normally, but immediately I realized it was quickly accelerating. Generally, at the range my radar was set for, a commercial jet moved about an eighth of an inch per 10 seconds or so. However as I watched this object continue to accelerate to the SW towards LA or God knows where, it gained unimaginable speeds in a straight line. I had to crank out my scope to maximum range to follow it, I believe 240 NM. Towards the time it left my radar it was updating its position about 1 and a half inches per ten seconds and still accelerating. As far as I know Grissom never launched missiles, and I'm sure that there were no airspace warnings that evening for such an event, but it was clearly not close to anything I was familiar with in almost 20 years of aviation experience.
 Another event occurred north of Baltimore in August 1996. Standing outside looking to the east I saw three white lights in a perfect equilateral triangle travelling from north to south. The lights weren't blinking as an aircrat would. They appeared to be satellites, and moving at that approximate speed. I watched them for about a minute, until they had traversed about three fouths of my horizon. Then the lead object disapeared, and within less than a second the two bases of the triangle also disapeared. It was a cloudless night.
 In October 2000, I was in Gopalpur, India on my rooftop terrace when I noticed a bright red light near my zenith. At first I thought it was Mars. But within seconds it began darting about in small but very distinct ways. Eventhough it hoverred and darted about for at least half an hour directly above me I can not figure out what it was. Finally my wife came home, and I got her to come up to see it. But when we returned the object had moved far to the NE and was not darting around and could have been mistaken for a red star.
 My last real report is second hand and comes from my mother who still swears by it. In September? 1966, my father (a PhD physicist working on the Apollo missions), and my mother (a Masters degree teacher) were on our patio on the Atlantic Ocean in Indiatlantic just south of Cape Kennedy. They were unusual for the time in that neither drank or took drugs. However they observed an object that first appeared to the east along the horizon over the ocean. At tremendous speed it moved directly over our house and hoverred silently at an altitude of about 30 feet, where it remained for over a minute. It was a classic UFO shape and had three coloured lights that rotated or blinked. I'd have to ask hor that detail. After that, the craft silently but with phenomenal accelaration departed NW. My dad called Patrick AFB up the road to see if they had seen anything unusual visually or on radar and got a negative response.
 These are all real, but the most vivid experience I ever had was after I mistakenly took 16 hits of Window Pane LSD. I only meant to take four. It was April 1977 in San Francisco and nearly a full moon and mostly overcast. However as the clouds parted the Moon transformed into The Mother Ship. It was enourmous, bigger than a city, countless rooms and people were there, and silent. I was transported into the ship by a beam of light, placed on a medical examination table where a person scanned me with a hand held device but never touched me. They seemed human to me, let me go where I could fly along with them, and watch out the window. It seemed we were flying at aircraft speed to the east (towards area 51?) through valleys and firebrakes or utility cuttings in the tree lines. It seemed to go on for hours and it seemed to me that some famous dead celebrities were aboard. The trip was amazing even after I got off the craft, as I jumped from mountain top to mountain top all the way down to Baja Mexico where I learned to fly like Superman all the way to India. There is still a small part of me that thinks that this really happenned as it was so vivid.
 The funniest one was when I lived on the 22nd floor of an apartment building in downtown Chicago facing west. I awoke that morning to observe a large object about a mile away and not much higher than I. It was silver metallic and round from my point of view. I watched it for nearly half an hour hover motionlessly and silently. I really thought this was the time of mass alien contact, until it gradually shifted to face north and I realized it was a blimp. Motionless head on blimps can be quite odd looking in the sky. I apologize for getting off the subject of my real sightings.
