{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-05-13 11:44:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476433","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83810","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2935,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/433/mufon-5476433.json","updb_database_id":5476433}
{cak} I was photographing this amazing rainbow- ring around sun. I looked at photos, there's a blue orb flying 'll around very fast. Great distances in only seconds. My wife doesn't believe in UFO'S and is mystified as well.

On Saturday, May 13 I went to my condominium's pool with wife and 2 kids. My wife and I noticed something spectacular in the sky; there was a beautiful rainbow-ring around the sun. It was too bright to stare at so I laid back on the lounge chair and blindly snapped off 5 or 6 photos in about a 5 second period. Tonight, May 17 at 10:30 pm I was looking at these photos for the first time. The first photo shows nothing unusual just the ring phenomenon around the sun. However, in the second photo taken 1 second later, it shows a disk, or blue-disk surrounded by a blue aura, and there's a trail of more blue aura ahead of this blue disk which looks like it was created by a different craft or object. The third photo shows the blue object clearer, and moving. However, in the fourth photo, taken an instant later, the object has moved a GREAT distance (maybe dozens of miles or more) and the image is clearer still. The last photo shows it having done a u-turn. I never saw any of this with my naked eye. After all, I was trying to photograph the sun. I would have kept taking photos if I saw it in the sky. My photos are bizarre if you are expecting to rationalize what that blue glowing object is that flies at supersonic speeds and then does a u-turn.
Please help! If this a natural phenomenon then why do my photos show an object. Why is the object moving rapidly yet still maintaining it's same form and shape? Why did it do a u-turn and not keep going in same direction? Please give me your best reasonable explanation because I'm baffled -- except to say it's a visitor(s).
