{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491433","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68131","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":10665,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/433/mufon-5491433.json","updb_database_id":5491433}
6 months of nightly ufos at night multiple witnesses close to army base real alien in craft

the first encounter
i came home from friends house at approxiately 2330 on june 12 2013, got outof my car and looked upto seea giant ufo floating over my house. It was round had severallightsand madeno noise, it was so close i could throw a rock at it very easily, so i bent doown to get one and it began moving forward. I was puzzled onhow it knewthat i wasgoing to thhhrow the rock at it but it was clearly awareofwhat i was doing.I watched it slowly move off over the other houses i am thefirst houseat the begininng of the street theres another twenty after me and im on a round about with other houses. theneighbourcameout of her houseand spotted the ufoover my house and said theres a ufo and went back inside her house. well i was shocked i thoughtfor sure she would bemoreinterestedbut iwasn'tgonna passup this oppurtunitty to see the craft, i've been waiting my whole lifeto spot some ufo's, i hadsightings of high speedlightsin 2000 in canada, but those you could barelysee, thesewererioght upcloseyoucouldjust about jump and touch them.
two more ufoswereflying in the sky the next onepassed over my headjust as the firstone went out of sight. it was blue with a white glow behing with grey metalish plating of the hull. this craft was a bitlonger than the first one and appeared to be more high speed or war ready. finally it went passed adn the third ufo came over head,thisone was muchmorefaster looking it, this was triangular and very aerodynamic, it also made no sound, it was strange the streetwass quiet with these ship overhead.I stayed outside till 530 am, when the sky first was lit by the firstfew strands of sunlight,this is when the craft headed off in a sw direction, i couldnt beilivetheycircled the area all night.
i was so amazed that happened to me, i headed to bed.

second night of ufo's
i arrivedhomeagain late about 2300,and thereagain the ufo's were circling the neighbourhood , they almost seemed to notice i was back and headed overmy houseagain doing loops of the hill were on.
this nightiws going to b more ggressive with the ufo's
i was going to try and communicate with them
itried shouting at each one but that didnt work and i didnt want to wake the neighboursforhalf thenighti triedcommunicationwith themouth,butnosucess,so i was going 'to see if they could read my mind,
and i said with my mind "hello", and the craft turned around and headed toward me and pause over the fieldto the east of my house, it was twenty feet away and stoppedmid air and just looked at me
nexti tried tosay other things but it didnt seem to respond,this went on for an ohur before i gave up
dissapointed i hung my head and the craftmoved off into the loop it was flying
i tried saying aomethingelse with my mind and the craft turned back toward me, and hovered there again.
i was in awe it would not communicate but it knew i was trying to talk. i tried mindedwords to thecraftall night tillmorining but all it would do isfly towardme and hover there, even if i walked off into further down the street. this craft had a yellow star shape light and a brown body an looke older than the other craft, there was four tonight.
over thenextfourmonths the craft came everynight and they would fly over my head and follow me wherever i went at night,they would know where i was nomatter wherei hid.
i began to beco0me awarethey taking off from the vicinty of an army base in the distance, where they keep the army fighter jets, i live next to one army base but about twenty kms away there is another one they appeard to take off from.at least in the direction of one and alsoland there when the sun came up.
the fifth craft and an real alien
one of thenights i was trying using abusivetype lingo with the craft,and i got a response no one could forget. i haeded down mtlindsay rd,and a fifthufo appearedoverhead quite low with a figure stading in a doorthat waslitqith yellow backlight, and wasopen in the frontof the craft, this craft lookedmore armylike the figure had a black birdsheadand was about 5foottall, and wearing grey blueclothes it was hovering near me looking like rae in the stargatefilms and it jumped down into the trees near me, and teh streetlightstarted moving side to side veryviolently, i dont know how i couldnt see anything shaking it. I got scare a loud animal sound snarled in the bushes andi tookoff running down the side road as fast as i could, i turrned around and looked the figurewas climbing back into thevehicle and began to chase me down the street, all did swas run soo much faster, i couldnt believe how fast i was going, more sounds were coming from the bushes on the side of the road big thikngs moving in the dark, thecraft took a low swipe over the road nearlyhitting me, and swung around over the hgihwayreadyingfor a second pass, i was nerly to the top of teh overpass and i saw i would be unprotected there, so i ran back down to the bus shelter and heswoope two more times but couldnt get close enough to hit me. holy crap this was serious i was being chasedy what looked like an alien, now this doesnt happen everyday. 
i had to get out of here he coudlland so easily,his craft was circling the highway and shopping center and taking loopa over my head, his craft,moved so smooth and fast but with no noise,, it glowed undererneath, it wasnt verylarge, maybe the sizeof four carsnot something ou would take into space i dont think.
i was panicking,i neeeded to get away, i ranwith all my mustertowards the bushesandrahn throughthem in the pitch black,there is a park near my housethatconne3cts the houses in the area, there were shrieks squabbles and snarlscoming from above me as i ran theough i didnt dare stop, the noises ewrte so alien nothingon earth i have heard before i was down right terrifying.
i headedout of the park, one of theufos heaaded up teh street i lived on,i ran and ran and rantill i got to the door and jumped inside my house, i looked bd barricaded the door behind me, iclosed all the window blinds.
then i haed another snarl
i looked right, you could seeaglow throughthe windowas it walkedpast, it began smashiong together objuects in the yard it conitnues to make that hideious snarling sound. 
then it came a challenge through telepathy to come outside and "meet" him
how terrrifying
i couldnt muster anything but no
he got terrifyinly angry and jumped on the roof, and made more terrible noisesyou could hera the strange animal feet it had walking across the roof, and then it jumped,
i nealry shat myselfwas it gone
i went outside, looked in the skyand didnt seehis flying craft, just the fiirst three ufo's. iwalke upthe street butnothing was there.
that was so terrifying.
the morning camehe didnt return, 
the next day i went around to the light that had been shakenand it was bent as if somecraft had landed on it and pushed down from the sky to bend the steel pipe holding the light alot.
i couldnt handle one of those every night
the next few nights were calm just the first three ufos
theufo's followed me aaround over the nwxt few months, i talked to one of the neighbours and he had seenthe ufo's too at night flying over near my house. 
i tried coaxing one of the ufos to land but all it did was almost land in the park and float above the ground playing coy with me, s i lsot interst in the ufo'sthey flew loops over thetownwe lived in taking off fromthe armybase and landing in the same areaalways doing loops of the area.
one night i worked up the nerve to challenge them to a battle, i would see if the rae like bieng would come back. I drove up to the mountains on the state border and they followed me 180 kms and stillldid loops over head. i got out of my car and began to make mental commentsto the ufo's, they seemed to get quiteangry and would pressureme to stop thinking about atom bombs and how to build them you could "feel" the ufo's were adjutated about the subject.
i got out of my car and counted there were 4 ufo's, then off in teh back ground you could see some stars moving there was at least five of them, they were flying in formation shimmering like stars, 5 stars moving across the sky, then they gotawhoopelot closerand began circling teh valley i was in the mountains still a pressurefeeling was coming fromteh craft,tghe temperature dropped right down it was so cold, i could see my breath adn started shaking, i got so uncontrollably cold i jumped back into teh car, i tried starting it to turn on the heat and nothing happend. oh dearr i looked up intothe sky, i tried starting it again ,and agian nothign happened. then the car felt like it had been grabbed and was beingblown on by somethign, and intensew wind was blwing down thwe sidesof the windows, it was like wewerecaught by the craft. i couldnt see the craft as i was in a suv and the roof blocke the viewof slightly behind us, the car was shaking and moved slighty underthe pressure, the roof ached and almostfelt liek it wsa going to bow,
i stoppedand apologized for thinking about bombs, and it stopped. the wind the light the craft were all gone, all the craft circling had taken off too.it was just me in the mountains alone. the car started this time and i headed home, heading northon the mt. lindsay highway i spotted a different light in the sky,it wasa star, it was moving side to side over the highway almost like it was waving to me. i followed it, i stopped over park ridge rd and the mt lindsayhovering over the intersection were i had my most terrifyingencounteradn i droverunderneath it i headded home i was spooked from the mountain. the light was a star and wasflying over the neighourhood, but ti was a differnet type of flying it often stopped over houses and did alook st me rather than travelover headit was just in the area, it stayed for a couople of months but did nothing other than hover.
the udfos stayeduntil i leftin novembe3r of2013,they were interested in the town for somereason. 
i definatley had one unforgetable expierence
