{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489433","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70184","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6023,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/433/mufon-5489433.json","updb_database_id":5489433}
{nd} The metal was soft to the the touch, it was malleable

This is a true story I will tell you to the best of my ability:

I woke up and my back was against metal, I was standing with my hands palms down on the surface.

The metal was dark grey and it was soft to the touch, you could press on it and it was soft. 

It was very quiet and there was no movement I could not perceive any noise or movement of anyone inside our out and there were no windows.

There were a few others there, people, I could see a younger man...they seemed asleep.

We were spaced out as if standing up in soft metal beds if you will. There was no identifiable structure I can compare them too. But I can see them in my mind and I have drawn them.

It was a circular floor with the walls bending in a circle when I looked left and right and it was kind of dimly lit. 

I think whatever was making us sleep didn't work well on me as I kept waking up for moments at a time everyone else seemed sound asleep. 

I felt very calm and I didn't seem, to want to speak or make a sound. I knew I was inside some kind of craft..I then passed out for some reason.

I half woke up a while later and I cracked my eyes open we were on a surface traveling in some kind of vehicle. 

I could see that all of the structures were about 1/2 the to 1/3 the size of ours, some kind of city. 

Everything seemed to be this sandstone color, the ground, the structures, everything. 

It was busy there was a lot of activity outside. 

There were beings in the vehicle with us, it was moving very fast, it did not have wheels, it was silent as it moved it has no engine, they were also smaller than us. 

They seemed to be very focused and serious. 

I then awoke later on, I have no idea how much time had passed, in fact the whole time, time seemed to stand still if you will. I have no sense of time.

I was inside a room that seemed to be sandstone of some kind. There was nothing

in the room but the walls when I looked up they were open to the sky.

There was a sandstone type of bench built into the wall and I stood on it and I looked out. 

I saw a very large circular structure made of the same sandstone type material, in the middle

was a chair like a big throne type chair also made of this material and the man I saw was sitting in

it. I looked up and this is the first time I saw the alien, he was up higher than the man in some 

kind of control type booth looking out over the circle with the chair. He looked over at me and he 

spoke to me but telepathically, he said "Be Calm, everything is ok" and I don't know how I knew how 

to do this but I asked him "What are doing?" ...Telepathically. 

It is as if we lost our voices.

A red ball appeared in front of me, about twice the size of a tennis ball

that seemed to defy gravity. It had a hypnotic effect. He SMILED at me! 

I became fixated on this ball and lowered myself down, it followed and I grabbed it slowly and began

to throw it against the wall and it bounced back in slow motion in some kind of hypnotic rhythm.

It was enjoyable and it calmed me. HE GAVE ME A TOY TO PLAY WITH! LOL! :)

After a while, I don't know how long ....I climbed back up onto the bench and looked out

again..This time I saw a rush of energy going very fast in between the chair and the sandstone walls

in this big circle. Nothing was moving but the energy flying around in a circle. 

This time he spoke to me again when I asked telepathically "What are you doing?" He said which

I could only hear his voice in my mind. 

"This is our way of measuring and extracting information about your mental/telepathic abilities"

The man was sitting still and did not seem hurt or in pain in anyway, he actually seemed as if

he was in a coma/trance. Like he wasn't even there. I seemed to be the only one awake.

The alien told me that "....The next step in your human evolution is these mental abilities....." He said

that some of us are already in the beginning stages of telepathy but he said that the

abilities move far, far beyond that when we reach where they are.

He also told me that they had good intentions towards us and that have been coming to us 

for a very long time and they were not the ones frightening us.

He looked at me and the other thing he could do was transmit emotion and images to me

from a distance. He looked at me and sent over a very enlightened positive feeling that made me 

smile and he showed me the good intentions that they held. 

I can see him now in my mind and I smile as oddly enough, they have affection and a feeling

of humor. But the things he projected over to me were of a vast wisdom and I looked at him

knowingly. He said that the information was enough to begin telling others, but others

should also know here. And then in a blink of an eye he was gone and I lost track of time and

space and they had returned me. 

I have been able to draw the room, the structures, the device I saw that they use for measuring.

everything. My memory is very clear. I don't know how this happened it just did. 

I have known all of my life that I have a 6th sense, I guess that is why I was there, I don't know.

They never did anything to frighten me and seemed to want this not to be a bad experience. 

......................Thank you for reading.
