{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1987-03-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289155","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114203","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4837,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/155/mufon-5289155.json","updb_database_id":5289155}
Sleep Paralysis- Not REM related? Entities encountered

Hello, 
  I think I am crazy for thinking and saying this, but I thought, what could it hurt to report this. 

  I'm a staff geologist for an environmental comapny. I recently read about John E Mack. I had always thought abductions were kind of silly stuff like bigfoot, which I still think is silly. But I listened to a couple of accounts of abductees interviewd by John E Mack, and, I'm not sure how to say this, but their accounts seemed oddly like things that happened to me, and I'm not quite sure what to think about it, but just for the heck of it, I thought I would send you a note.
  I had, and mainly for 2-3 years in LA, sleep paralysis that wasn't REM related. I was between 11-13 years old. From what I've read, sleep paralysis nightmares happen as you transition in and out of REM. But my personal events happened day or night. They weren't REM related in the sense that these events only lasted anywhere from minutes, to maybe 45 minutes at the most.
   I knew beforehand when they were going to happen. I would get a "feeling" right as I was preparing to go to sleep. Then, before I even fell asleep, I would feel "hands" gripping my legs, "hands" gripping my arms and "hands" on my chest holding me down. I first felt them on my legs, then arms, and at that point I would be "drifting off", but not quite asleep. One time this happened, I distinctly remember something very short standing at the right side of my bed next to my waist. Another time, I believe I sensed something standing at the foot of my bed, again, short. It was just standing there, but I always, and this is after the hands were holding me down, but I wasn't totaly asleep, I would feel a pair of eyes, large, above me looking down at me. I felt a terror that was so profound, , I was afraid to lay down for sleep on some nights. Even during the day! I would sweat with fear, and it honestly felt like that movie "Nightmare On Elm Street". I was literally afraid to fall asleep at times. One time I even took caffeine pills to stay awake.

  The last time it happened I was about 12-13. I will always remember this distinctly, however, I can't remember what time of day it was. And although I do not remember how long it took, it started like always, drifting off to sleep, but I wouldn’t go into a “sleep” cycle. It really felt like I was going to sleep, but it was normal in the sense of how one usually goes to sleep, if that makes any sense.
  This LAST time, as always, I felt hands gripping my legs, then my arms, then my torso, then my chest. Then when I was totally “subdued” as it were, I would perceive an entity above me. But it was just like a pair of large eyes. And ordinarily all I remember is being absolutely terrified and then, not really waking up, but coming out of the "half sleep" and sweating, literally, with fear. But this last time, when I was about 12-13, and I saw the eyes above me, I could actually see them , and almost a face. I thought it was going to kill me, and I managed to shout out, "FUCK YOU!", I apparently thought I was going to die and I was basically fighting back. And “it” realized I really thought I was going to die, but that I was going to fight it every step of the way. I don’t really know how to say it, but that “it” whatever “it” was, the “eyes”, in fact knew I was serious, and that, that is why in fact, that particular event abruptly ended.
   I quickly became lucid again, awake as it were...and it never happened again. Ever. My question is, if this was a neurological disorder, did I just tell this disorder I was going to kick its ass, and that's why it never happened again? Because I don't think that's how neurological disorders work? I don't think I can tell sleep apnea, for instance, that I'm going to kick its ass, and then I’m cured? 
The last thing I will say, is that, most of the times, I “knew” it was going to happen. I got a “feeling”, right before I layed down. I had also eventually learned, that when I felt it coming on, there was sometimes a very very very small window, where I could shake myself out of it, fight the oncoming paralysis, and escape it.
