{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482155","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77811","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6483,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/155/mufon-5482155.json","updb_database_id":5482155}
{rjl} saw a strange low hovering object in the sky on 7/8/16 and 7/9/16 in the exact same spot

There were 2 sightings of this "thing" on two separate nights. My brother was visiting and we were up late Friday night 7/8/16 at my house. We went outside so that I could smoke a cigarette at around 1:30 a.m. He looked up at the sky and pointed out a strange glowing "thing". It was faintly changing color, pulsing, twinkling red and green, but predominantly golden yellow It was hovering over the trees to the west of our house. It was very low in the sky; much too low to be a star. It hovered in one spot too long to be a helicopter. Also, although we can see the planes to the south of us taking off and landing at the airport heading west or east, they stop around midnight - so it wasn't a plane - besides those planes fly much further south and don't hover.

My brother said it looked like a UFO, but I wasn't sure. Like a good younger brother he reminded me that his eyesight is better than mine! We watched it for about 10 minutes or so and it didn't move at all. We waved hello and thanked them for coming - being funny(but really hedging our bets!) and went inside. I have no ability to judge how far away it was, but it felt like it was hovering right above the streetlights not more than 500 ft away. There is a mountain/hill range that runs parallel to the road that sits above the walking trail on which we live. They are the Blue Diamond Hills and begin 1.5 miles west of our house. I believe now it was probably over those hills, but I don't know if it was over the first range or further weston them and only desert vegetation. They are very stark. 

My brother left the following day. At about 10:15 pm Saturday night 7/9/16, I went outside again to smoke a cigarette and looked south at the planes flying in and out of the airport. I also looked west for the "thing" but it wasn't in the sky. I texted my brother and told him I thought he might have been right, that it was a ufo we saw the night before. I told him that what we had seen in the sky the previous night was significantly lower than the plane flight paths, and significantly further north - by miles.

I went outside again at 12:35 a.m. and there it was - in exactly the same spot in the sky as the night before. I texted my brother right away to tell him it was back, so I know the exact time I saw it. I got my husband to come out and look and he was pretty mystified as well. I decided to take some pictures with my cell phone. I didn't really think I would capture anything. My cell phone camera has a x8 zoom. I forgot my camera has a video recorder so I didn't take any videos. When I checked the photos I saw that the shape of the "thing" kept changing. My husband took a few close up photos with his cell phone, which also has x8 zoom. The UFO kept changing shape in his photos as well. He said we should go back in and just check a bit later to see if it was still there. We stayed outside for probably 10 minutes or so.

I went out maybe 10 minutes later, and it was a little higher in the sky, but not by much. I saw it slowly move just slightly north, stop, and keep moving slowly north again and then disappear behind the trees. This happened in just a few minutes I got my husband to come outside again and we kept looking for it through the trees at different spots in the yard. Finally we saw it way out west, well past our immediate hills. It was flying west in a straight line and slowly disappeared. I was texting my brother the whole time because I was excited. When I checked the chain of my texts to my brother I saw that the whole sighting was 40 minutes long. I was shocked when I saw that because it didn't feel that long at all - it felt like maybe 20 minutes. I have not seen it again, although I look for it every night.

I downloaded the photos we took the following day. Some of them I cropped to get a better idea of what it looked like close up. The first two photos are to show you the daytime shots from our yard to orient you. Our yard and the park path on the other side sit below and run perpendicular to a main road. You can see the tops of the double headed street lights just above the far trees. The ear on the statue of the rabbit that's pointed up, is pointed directly at the ufo. The path has single headed lights. The UFO could be seen in the patch of sky between the two trees closest to our yard. in the photos the park lights are closer and white - the street lights look like huge orange spheres. In the shots without using the zoom, the ufo looks like a little white dot in the sky above the orange street lights. In real life it looked of course much bigger than in the pictures. It also looked much closer than it probably was. I'm not sure what we saw - but I guess that's why they're called unidentified flying objects.
