{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-11-27 03:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549155","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5836","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3793,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/155/mufon-5549155.json","updb_database_id":5549155}
Group of flashing, multi-colored lights in 3 tiers, dimming then brightening. Probably a helicopter but for the lights.

I work the night shift at a national retail store. At exactly 3:30am I went outside the front of the store for our 15 minute break. Another coworker followed about a minute later. Two of us who had gone out a few minutes earlier had noticed a couple of dogs wandering around the edge of the parking lot about 250 feet away. We lost sight of one dog and were watching the other until it disappeared out of sight to our right. We continued looking for the other dog.
  I remembered one night about a couple of months ago 2 deer had appeared along the same route, but coming from the right and moving to the left until they disappeared around a building bordering our parking lot and to the left so I turned my attention there. As soon as I did so I saw a bright, flashing, multi-colored set of lights at about 30 degrees up from the horizon and pointed it out to my coworkers. My first thought was "Holy smoke, a UFO!" and one of my coworkers made a couple of jokes about it. We were all transfixed and I could't believe I was seeing this since I've never seen anything like this before (I'm 47).
  The lights all appeared to be of the same size and intensity. It appeared that there were 2 lights on the top tier, 4 on the middle tier, and 3 on the bottom tier giving it an almost round shape but more like an oval shape being slightly wider in the middle. The lights were flashing brilliantly and quickly and seemed to be stationary in the air. There were reds, greens, blues, and pinks, all very beautiful to see. Over the next few minutes they would dim for a second or two then return to its former brightness several times. They appeared to fixed to an object and never moved away from or closer to one another.
  After a couple of minutes we noticed the object slowly moving towards our right. Then it seemed to turn as the lights slowly faded and pretty much disappeared but we could still see them. At this point I could make out a dim, smaller white light trailing the others at a fixed distance about 1 1/2 times the width of the original lights. As it moved I could tell that it had passed through some clouds. Then it turned again and seemed to be heading away from us until only the white light was visible. Soon that also disappeared either from distance or clouds. So ended the event. We never did see the other dog.
  I had never seen a sight in the sky like it before. It made no sounds, but we were also very close to a highway. It was very "Christmassy" as one of my coworkers mentioned. But as soon as it turned my thoughts changed completely. Given the time of year (just after Thanksgiving and starting the Christmas season) and considering our proximity to Newark, JFK, LaGuardia, and numerous smaller airports I am pretty sure that this was a helicopter or blimp outfitted with a light show. Perhaps it someone with the Christmas spirit and alot of money or some sort of promotional stunt, or even a trial run for such. I don't know, but the little light on the back and the lights on the front and the fact we could tell it was turning were the giveaways.
