{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-25 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492155","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67394","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2952,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/155/mufon-5492155.json","updb_database_id":5492155}
{jpg} Pulsating blue-white lights seen in the sky next to thunderstorm, moving north

I was out back at work taking a smoke break around 9-9:15 at night. I looked north to a warehouse that's been converted to an art studio where some kind of an outdoor concert or something was going on. The few days before and after my sighting, Lawrence was hosting a few different festivals with live outdoor music shows with stage lights and big screens.

I happened to look north of where I was and saw a row of lights that seemed to be blinking or pulsating in the sky to the north. It looked like three lights at first and I initially dismissed it as an airplane. The problem is that aircraft running lights do not pulse, and there are not three blue-white lights on an airplane. There's a green light on the starboard wing, a red one on the portside wing, and a white light on the tail. This object had a row of lights that seemed to pulse around it, running from left to right. In fact, it may not have even been individual lights, but just a solid light that pulsed around the object (or maybe just a light, I saw no "object" per se, just the lights). 

When I realized it probably wasn't an airplane, I decided to see if it was just the reflection of stage lights on a power line from the outdoor show going on next door. I walked up a small hill to test this, but the lights stayed where they were and were in fact obscured behind the power line.

The object was pretty far away it seemed and also seemed to be moving along the edge of a thunderstorm to the east. It flew steadily and eventually vanished from my sight behind the tree line. 

I'm not really sure what I saw, but I'm bringing it to MUFON's attention because I have heard that there has been a string of sightings recently around this area of North-Eastern and North-Western Missouri and the greater Kansas City area. I read one post on Facebook about the radios going out at Harrah's Casino and two UFOs being spotted over the Casino at that time. Apparently there was also a set of clothes found outside, complete with pants, shirt, and shoes, and nobody around, which I thought was bizarre and pretty creepy. Others have been seeing lights and objects in the sky around their homes in the KC area too, so I think that maybe this is significant and worthy of some greater attention. 

Thanks.
