{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-09 08:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494155","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65331","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2599,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/155/mufon-5494155.json","updb_database_id":5494155}
{cak} May 9, 2015 Appx. 8:00 am Witnessed a Yellow Orange Orb size of a setting sun in the distance in Olive Branch, Mississippi area

On May 9, 2015 at appx. 8:00am I went to my sliding doors facing our backyard and opened the blinds and drapes to look out at the stormy weather. It was raining and the skies were covered with gray clouds. I looked towards the southeast and saw a huge sun like yellow-orange object which I thought was the sun at first. It was too low for the sun, and also didn't bother my eyes to look at it. I continued to look at it for appx. 3 or 4 minutes then I looked away for a second, turned back and it was gone. I wondered how the sun was shining through the rainy clouds like that, and why it was so large and more of a sun setting color at that time of morning. Then I realized the sun would not be in that position in the sky at the time I saw it. I know this because I am up early in the mornings and keep track of the sun to see where it is to know if I should open or close the drapes to keep the house cooler or warmer on hot or cold days. I made it a point to look outside the sliding door at the same time this morning (next morning) to see where the sun was positioned. The sun was NO WHERE NEAR the position I saw the orb. The sun was a white yellow and extremely bright and I couldn't look at it but a second. I am 100% positive I saw an orb and not the sun. What this orb was, I cannot say. I wish I knew because I've been made fun of seeing these. I say these because I have witnessed another just shy of two years ago. For one that has seen these, we take on a more serious view as to what these are. The one I saw 2 years ago was appx. half the size of this one and glided right over myself and a neighbor. It was a red/orange orb. It was fairly low to the ground and had no openings. I studied it as it glided over as if it were gliding on ice. It had no sound, nor openings, I did see swirls like in the color. It just traveled till out of site going from east to west.
