{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500155","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58957","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2632,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/155/mufon-5500155.json","updb_database_id":5500155}
{cak} 3 glowing objexts in the sky that seemed to float in the sky but would change formations rapidly

Me and a friend were walking outside at night on a college campus trail that is lighted at night. We had just finished walking and were sitting on the grass resting and talking. I noticed a few airplanes flying throgh the area a couple of times; however, there is an airport not too far away. We got in the car to leave, and as I was leaving the parking lot, I noticed directly in the sky looking towards the North, 3 orange fireball looking objects in the sky. We didn't hear any sound; they seemed to just glide through the air moving towards the East in formation. They would suddenly form a triangular formation, and then they would just kind of float apart. Right away we noticed that this was something that we have never seen before. At first I thought maybe they were airplanes, but right away as we watched them move in the sky, you could tell that they were not airplanes as airplanes can't move around like these objects were moving. I stopped the car to take some photos with my iphone camera. We kept watching, and kept asking each other what do you think this is? Neither one of us could figure out what these objects were, where they came from, how were they moving like they were in the sky? I turned the car around to go back into the parking lot to keep watching. They kept moving towards the East. There was a man and woman stopped on the trail looking up in the sky so we rode up to where they were and asked if they were looking at the objects and if they knew what they were. They both said they had no idea what the objects could be, and they seemed to be baffled as much as we were. Then the objects just kind of disappeared. They were gliding along one moment and then all of a sudden they were gone. We didn't see them descending to land, or flying into the opposite direction, they just disappeared.
