{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-12 23:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518155","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39342","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3139,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/155/mufon-5518155.json","updb_database_id":5518155}
Three lights in a row appeared connected hovering silently over area

I was driving home from a friends poker game on the west end of Panama City Beach Florida. I live on East end of beach, I left her house at approximately 11:00 pm. I was driving home along back beach road and was very close to home. All along the road are large telephone/ cable towers. I first noticed the three very bright lights that were connected and thought it must be a new/ different type of tower, or a plane. The towers blink at intervals so usually when it blinks again you can see more. I was waiting for that to happen....when I waited I noticed the three lights I was watching went away.I did not actually see them move away, they were just gone after I looked away. Because I was driving I had to keep my eyes on road so I did look away for a decent period of time. I figured the tower was probably just behind cloud cover, which was moderate. A tower blinked in the distance and i could clearly notice it was in some clouds so i knew that wasnt it. The tower was defintiely just a single light. Only a few seconds later I noticed the three light object again not under cloud cover. It appeared to be hovering, so I did try to keep track of it out the window of vehicle. We have military bases and an airport so I was not really alarmed just seemed odd that it was so still. Then I realized it was also quiet. I turned everything off in the car, except the car itself. It was in same place, as I turned Right onto Alison Avenue it was the closest it would be to me during my drive home. As I traveled down Alison avenuE it was to my left. It was still motionless and definitely silent. I lost sight of it again as I stopped at red light and turned onto front beach road, I never spotted it again 
It was definitely three different very bright lights that appeared attached to each other, the middle one was red, the outer ones were yellow. They appeared extrodinarily bright and seemed as big as an aircraft. I was tempted to pull over on Alison but I was a little frightened. As I got into my neighborhood I briefly stopped by the front door and looked up to look to spot it again but saw nothing, and was not going to keep looking cause i was creeped out. I have no idea what it was, but it seemed weird to me. I have told no one not even my husband. I definitely believe in the possibility of the phenomenon and life elsewhere, so coming from me they would just think I was telling a tall tale. Not to mention I have no idea that is actually what it was.
