{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-23 22:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505155","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53711","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2685,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/155/mufon-5505155.json","updb_database_id":5505155}
Hovering orbs inside my bedroom and alien figures outside my window. Possible abduction

It was about 9:30 PM. I was alone at home, reading a book in my bedroom. My kids slept in their bedroom in the basement. The lights were all off, except my reading 

light on my headboard. 

I was focused on my book when I saw something from the corner of the eye. I immediately felt chills. Looking, I saw that there was nothing. So I continued my reading 

for a few minutes until a flash of white light lighted my whole bedroom. Then I saw three white spheres the size of a basketball floating in the air at the height of 

the ceiling. I felt terrified. The spheres move synchronously in spirals around the room. Spheres of light emitted a hum. Spheres illuminated the room. With a yank, 

the spheres have stopped moving and vanished.

My heart was beating too fast. I looked at my phone and it was 10:34 PM. Reassured, I told myself that I had probably dreamed of this observation. 

I instinctively looked out the window. What I saw completely hurt me. There was a total of two beings standing, looking at me through my window. They were about 4 

feet tall, big heads, big slanted black eyes, no nose, only nostrils. They looked at me with a terrible stare. I could feel anger towards me. I was sweating cold 

water. I was terrified. Suddently, they disappeared in a matter of seconds. I felt reassured for a second, until something cold grabbed my legs and my arms at the 

same time. I couldn't move, they were holding me tight. I could feel something cold inside my skull, as if someone was touching parts of my brain. It was a really scaring experience. A really uncomfortable feeling. Everything went black and I passed out.

I woke up next morning at 09h52, with a terrible headache. Something happened last night. I will never be the same again.
