{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-05-14 13:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476449","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83794","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3842,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/449/mufon-5476449.json","updb_database_id":5476449}
{cak} Viewing Aircraft on clear day with binoculars, saw UFO near aircraft

I was sitting on the deck of my wife's parents house on mother's day with a pair of binoculars. I was using the binoculars to watch a family of falcons near the wood line to the south of where I was sitting. It was a hot, clear day. Not a cloud in the sky, visibility was for miles from the sky, I'm sure. There were also high flying aircraft in the sky that day, and from time to time I was pointing the binoculars to get a look at the aircraft and their contrails. I've been an aviation enthusiast for my entire life and have attended countless airshows featuring both military and civilian aircraft. There was a fixed wing aircraft flying at high altitude, leaving a contrail - appeared to be a large jet with four engines attached to the wings. I followed it with the binoculars as it traveled from south to the north. After following it for approximately 10 seconds or so, I noticed a very bright metallic glint just to what would have been the aircraft's 8 o'clock. I remember thinking, "wow.. that plane is extremely close to the other one.." but then realized that this object wasn't moving, and wasn't leaving contrails like all the other aircraft at that altitude were. I pulled the binoculars away to see if I could see the object without the aid of the optics, but I couldn't - so I looked through them again, found the object again. It was completely stationary at first - then slowly moved to the six o'clock position of the airplane I was watching originally, then the 5 o'clock before returning back to the 8 o'clock in a jerky, quick motion. It was Definitely metallic. I remember seeing the sun glimmering off the surface. It was far away, and I was using 7x50 power binoculars.. I could tell it was egg shaped with what appeared to be.. spikes jutting from the object that were darker in color than the craft itself. It was probably half the size of the aircraft it was near - which was either a 747, or a military aircraft of similar size - I don't think it was a C-5..maybe a C-130 (size wise) It was difficult to tell because of how high the aircraft was and the power of the optics I was using. I looked away from the binoculars again to try again with my naked eye, but couldn't see it. I could see the airplane easily - but not the object. I went back to the binoculars and was unable to find it again. I'm under the assumption that it must've left the area, as I was unable to find it again. I decided not to tell my in-laws for fear that they would think I was losing my mind. I did tell my wife later that day, but she brushed it off. I'm familiar with the flight characteristics of a multitude of aircraft, both fixed wing and rotor - I know that what I saw was not a conventional aircraft. I'm mostly curious if anyone else saw the object. As I said, I couldn't see it with my naked eye - which was strange considering how brightly it glimmered in the binoculars on that exceptionally clear day. Unfortunately, I was unable to get a photograph of the object before it disappeared. I was in awe of it, honestly -- I never thought to take a picture, my only thought at the time was "What the Hell IS that..?" I was affixed. Thank you for your time.
