{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-12 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475449","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84841","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3709,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/449/mufon-5475449.json","updb_database_id":5475449}
{nd} Large, black triangular craft silently traveled over my head followed by 2 pill-shaped crafts.

I was outside in the backyard, taking the dogs out. It was a mostly cloudy night with pockets of black sky showing through. The lights from the racetrack across the street (stadium/sports field lighting) lit the low cloud cover well enough that the reflected light made it fairly bright for it being 8:30pm on a winter night. I was admiring a very bright star, over the east horizon line from my vantage point and something out of the corner of my eye caught my attention. A large, low and slow-traveling, black triangular craft with 3 red lights (one on each point) silently traveled directly over my head from over the house and slowly banked slightly right as it traveled over the tree line, about 100 yards away. I could easily make out it's distinct equilateral triangular shape against the lit-up cloud cover. I can't be totally sure of the size but it was very large...probably close to the size of a large commercial jet. The whole duration of that sighting was about 4 or 5 seconds. I was so awe-struck that I couldn't close my mouth or move for a few moments. The sight of this craft was one thing, but the size and complete silence is what was so astonishing to me. The speed that it was traveling also seemed to me like it would be impossible for any know aircraft to create enough lift for such a large craft. It was traveling so low that I probably could have hit it with a bb or pellet gun...500ft altitude or so.

This first sighting was followed by 2 smaller pill-shaped crafts (maybe about the size of a private jet). These sightings were less dramatic, but both just as intriguing as the large triangular craft. Both were black in color with one light on each end and again, both were completely silent and at roughly the same altitude as the large triangular craft, but at roughly double the speed. 

The first pill-shaped craft was traveling in the same direction, but about 100-200 yards to the east of the triangular craft, about a minute after the first sighting. This first one had unwavering yellowish-white lights that were perpendicular to the flightpath (like the wingtip lights of a plane).

The second pill-shaped was traveling more in a northeast direction, except, this craft's lights were unwavering white lights and were parallel to the light of the first pill-shaped craft (the lights were lined up on a west/east axis) WHILE traveling from the southwest to the northeast, passing directly over my head. This one occurred as I was on the phone with a friend at 8:53pm. 

I stayed outside for a while longer, trying to comprehend what I saw, on the phone with my friend while numerous (maybe 4-5) other single white light crafts shot around in the distance over the next hour or so. I've never experienced anything like this and thought that I would have seen something on the news but there doesn't seem to be any other account of this sighting...
