{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530449","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25026","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3142,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/449/mufon-5530449.json","updb_database_id":5530449}
Lights in the sky.

I have had a few sightings with witnesses. 

The first was in 1994/95 late night driving down a fairly busy city street in Lansing, Michigan. I noticed a bright light which seemed to be dropping from the sky at a high rate of speed. We sped up to try and catch up with the object. I told the driver that I believed it had stopped over an empty parking. The parking lot was lit up just enough that when trying to see anything above the lights was difficult because it was pitch black out. By the time we turned the car around and went back to check the parking lot, it had already flown away. I had rolled my window down earlier to listen for helicoptor noises, but it did not make any noise at all. I recall seeing a beam of light coming down from the darkness onto the parking lot as if it were dropping someone off or picking someone up. I had called the airport on this sighting to see if there were any helicopers in the area, they said no. This sighting didn't make me frightened, just left me feeling a little confused. It happened to be a clear night with a lot of stars out, which made it difficult to differentiate from the stars and a potential source of what I had saw after it flew away.

Sighting #2 occured in Charlotte, Michigan. It was Halloween night about 1998 and everyone was out trick-or-treating, when I looked up and saw a bright irridescent light gliding above the tree line. I thought that perhaps it was an airplane, but the object was solid, irridescent light, round in shape and didn't make a sound. It floated peacefully at a constant rate of speed. The mom that I was with saw this as well, as did her husband who was home on his porch a few blocks away. There was no sound. I didn't feel fearful at all from this sighting. 

Sighting #3 occured in Eaton Rapids, Michigan in 2002. I was living in the country with my husband and daughter, when we noticed an auburn colored light hovering over a field near our home. We saw smaller lights that seemed to eject from the larger object. After an hour or more of watching the object, it eventually began to move across the sky and out of sight. I felt fearful with this sighting. I am not sure why perhaps because of the auburn coloration of the object it seemed less friendly than the irridescent objects seen in previous sightings. When we tried to videotape the sighting the video camera broke.

I have seen other unexplanable things, which has left me scratching my head, but without any other witnesses besides myself, I'll leave those unreported.
