{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-24 17:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522449","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33606","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4745,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/449/mufon-5522449.json","updb_database_id":5522449}
Saw 3 huge orange glowing objects in the sky at about 5:45 or 6pm on 11/24/11. The first object was in front maybe 3000 ft away from trailing 2 objects who were traveling one above the other.

It was around 5:45 on 11/24/11, I was sitting out on my launi talking to my brother on the phone who lives in Tennessee. We were dicussing Thanksgiving dinner, family and such. I was leaned back in my chair facing an easterly direction when I saw 3 huge glowing orange obects in the sky coming towards my direction. The size was 10 times that of a passenger Jets headlight. They were kind of hovering but also traveling really slow I sat forward in my chair and focused on the objects,my heart was racing, my mind was racing trying to figure out what they were. They werent planes, or helicopters, or blimps. Maybe three seconds went by and I began screaming into the phone that there were 3 UFOs right here! I immeadiatley told him Id call him back and I hung up on him before he could reply. I ran to the pool deck a few feet away to get a better veiw. 
Looking at them my heart started to beat faster then before. They were huge! Like a big orb, they semed to be almost barrel shaped.They were glowing this bright orange pulsating color, with a lighter orange aura pulsating out. They were close and low in the sky. When I first saw them it seemed they were a hundred feet or so above tree level. There was one in the lead about maybe 3000 feet away from the other two and positioned in the middle airspace betwwen the two trailing objects. The two that were trailing were traveling maybe 500 feet apart one above the other. I strained my ears to see if I could hear any noise, but there was none. My heart felt like it was about to beat out of my chest, I was breathing hard. Everything in my being was telling me that these objects were not from Earth! Then it hit me to get a witness. I ran about twenty feet opened the patio door to where my girlfriend was less than three feet away and yelled at her to come quick, come on you gotta see this! I know I scared her but she came right behind me to the pool deck and I was pointing to the sky the whole time screaming what is that, what is that? She didn't answer she just stood mesmerized by what she was looking at. We stood watching for another minute and they changed direction and were now heading south. I was yelling at J to take a picture, when I turned to look at her she was fooling with her new phone to get the camera up. She told me not to yell at her. I turned back to watch again and when the one in the lead got to a point in the sky that was between two stars it just dissapeared. I was yelling where did the first one go? Where did it go? I looked back at J and she didn't say anything she was trying to watch the objects while still fooling with her phone. I got my phone out of my pocket and tried to get my camera up, (I heard Js camera click on her phone)I looked back to the sky and the two objects were entering the same area between those two stars where the first one dissapeared, then at the same time they both dissapered as well. It wasnt like they shot out of veiw, they just dissapeared. I was screaming where did they go? Where did they go? I heard J say They just turned off their lights J stood there about another 30 seconds and went back in the house without saying anything. I kept fixated on the sky for at least ten more minutes. Then finally I realized they were gone. I went back into the house and asked J if she got a picture of them and she said no. I asked her what she thought, and she thought it was one big object, and the orange pulsating glow were afterburners. It took me hours to wind down. I am a military brat, prior military myself. Lived in a military town my whole life (Home of the Blue Angels) seen millions of planes take off and land from my backyard. Seen the helicopters take off and land, even every once in a while a blimp even lands and takes off, What we saw on Thanksgiving night was not anything from planet Earth! It was an awesome experience! Complete duration of entire sighting was approximately maybe 3 minutes. I will never forget it!!
