{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499449","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59689","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3091,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/449/mufon-5499449.json","updb_database_id":5499449}
{nd} The huge triangle is real it is NOT from here The people have a right to know

I already filed a report with mufon but did not think of very important before and after details and so here is more of what happened to Me.. I was 2 miles from home and trying to sleep when I just could not! I heard this low frequency pulsating sound that sounded like haarp or something? She said You just keep tossing and turning Why don't You go home and see You in the morning. I said OK it was then about 12 am. I was nearing the driveway there was super huge lights casting on in the sky about 2x treetop level I looked and seen 3 lights up in a row but then as I turned in I realized it leveled out and was now a huge triangle with super bright led direct current type lights on each corner. It was too late for Me because I had already turned into the driveway did not really know what was going on and at that point I decided to backup floor it and get outta there fast. So I did but then panicked because I thought wait a min. They could possibly abduct or disable vehicle. I had 2 seconds to make decision I dropped the shifter into drive and did 50 towards getting inside. I did not know what to do so I ran into the room where I have tv hooked up to a outdoor camera system installed due to past outdoor theft. not for anything else anyway I for some reason was very afraid huddled in a corner near the tv waiting to see if the any of the cameras motion sensors went full screen My primary focus was on the side opposite Me where the thing was; My main concern were 2 bedroom windows where the craft was now hovering tree top and also the easiest point of entry. the camera sensor went full screen to just what I did not want the 2nd and easiest window/entry point; Here a neon green grasshopper had somehow jumped right onto that 3 inch lens Maybe it was attracted to the red led lights? and just jumped up there but maybe more? I watched this thing in hd and admired how it had 2 arms 2 legs was kinda built like a human and had a more triangular face with solid black almond shaped eyes As I was watching this the camera went out! I almost pooped! Then I heard a fighter jet and seen the lights of the ship pass across the back tree top silent jet close behind. There is more that I would like to say because they did return 3 times but I am afraid to talk the dvr hard drive was destroyed and replaced due to the black heli 20ft from me I did not ask for this. I want nothing with any of whatever.
Thanks
