Case No. 1289 21092020

Date: August 19, 2020.

Approximate Time: 17:34 hours.

Meteorology: N/A.

Season: Winter.

Witnesses: C. B., 23 years old.

Description: The informant reported the presence of an anomalous aerial phenomenon at 17:34 (HL) on Wednesday, August 19, 2020, in an area near the Salto de la China, commune of Pucón, Araucanía Region.

The reported phenomenon was described as circular or spherical, with a "light" or white color and an approximate size of 20 meters. Additionally, the
The user indicated that this appeared from the south and disappeared from view towards the west, following a pattern of movement that he translated as “arrived, landed, and descended,” so that “in a matter of seconds it disappeared.”

He concluded his account by explaining that “…when I put the phone camera to take pictures of the landscape, I took a couple of pictures of this light that lasted for a couple of seconds, and then upon reviewing, we realized there was a light in the photos, which are not camera errors on my phone because as of today I have had no issues with focusing or anything.
"similar".

Pending the availability of graphic study material, the user's location was georeferenced near the Palgulil river.

The six images that supported the report were perited through ELA (Error Level Analysis) and CMF (Copy and Motion Forgery) analysis, confirming they were not digitally altered.

Analysis of the information contained in their metadata confirmed the photographs were taken within a 58-second span, using the main three-camera system of a smartphone.
Samsung, model Galaxy A7 (SM-A750G).

The optical study defined the existence of the reported phenomenon in the
first three photographs through edge detection using the Sobel algorithm.

The use of luminance filters and alteration of luminosity levels raised the
hypothesis of being in front of a luminous artifact.

The geometric analysis determined the existence of focal symmetries in the
images where what was reported became visible. In each of these cases, it
determined that the origin of the abnormality was the Sun.
According to the selected study location, at the time the photographs were taken, the Sun was at the azimuth +291.7° and apparent altitude of +6.41°. That day, the end of civil twilight occurred at 18:41 hours.

In the figure, one can observe the position the Sun was in at the location and time of the report.

Images: The user provided six photographic files, which are observed below.

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the report and the studies.
The forensic, photographic, and geometric analysis of the case images concluded that what was reported corresponded to a parasitic reflection or "flare" caused by photographing against the light of the Sun.

The luminous artifacts captured in these photographs were due to the angle of incidence of light on the surface of the lenses of the photographic equipment used.

The appearance of their surfaces changed slightly in each shot, which is consistent with the fact that their positions varied between them.
phone, so in each case the path of the light beam through the lens system
was not exactly the same.

What was reported was only visible in the images because it only existed
inside the photographic equipment.
