{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483710","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76152","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2877,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/710/mufon-5483710.json","updb_database_id":5483710}
{nd} This has gone on for about 4 months must be told on phone or person.

There have been many types of UFO far more than I can type about but this is a first and I am not crazy. Big Foot will never be caught because often he lives in sky so you can stop looking for him. I have communicated with them. Some have been nice I consider big foot my friend. When we see each other hello is both arms up and he is massive. I have also seen baby big foot too.As funny as this sounds at fool moon they throw huge paries behind my home with much going on. The only way I see them 90% of the time is by looking through a certain pair of binoculars. Now others are far from nice. My story is months worth of activity. I was invited to go up in large craft however I declined saying I have a 17 year old daughter and Big Foot smiled raised his arms and gave me a strong feeling of goodness as understood entirely. They have showed me many things and there is no way I can type it all. I have seen little Greys, Big greys, Humans in form but you never know. I believe I have been shown more than anyone else I have ever heard of. I at first enjoyed it however things have changed in that regard some what anyway. Yes they have been in my home several times. I see supply lines from Earth going up to ships in the sky, huge antenna or disc shaped objects and watch the construction and often have to yell at them to stay away from me in which a higher up will take care of but they always try again. As long as they are in sight you can communicate back and fourth bur otherwise I believe they can see and hear anytime they choose. Here`s one many of my neighbors are Alien and almost every female has a Penis which they are not shy about showing you. I know it is a lot to take in however this is just tip of the needle. I have no care for what others think I know. Take care and be safe and remember they are not us so be careful because I did pay a price for what you are reading here and was in hospital as a result. It can be done right and safely especially when Big Foot is around, he is to me a true and Loyal friend and I am happy to know such a wonderful being who mean us no harm but it`s just not the same in reverse and that is bad and it hurts me to know that a kind B F is hunted.
