{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-17 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290710","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112629","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3436,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/710/mufon-5290710.json","updb_database_id":5290710}
A small UFO with two bright blue lights flying around in my yard and landing behind the opposite house

I was sitting in my bed room facing the window and I suddenly noticed something with blue lights flying around my yard. I went to window and stood there watching this thing moving in erratic trajectory around the yard between 3 and 25 feet above the ground. It had to blue lights approximately 1-2 feet apart. It approached my window couple of times until it flew above the roof of the opposite house, went up and descended slowly behind the opposite house. It left blue sparks behind while it was descending. I thought that it is a radio controlled flying toy and I decided to go out to look for it. When I got out and walked behind the opposite building, I expected to see bunch of kids with a RC flying toy. I saw nothing no kids, no flying toy. After some 15 minutes I came back in and called my father telling that I may have seen a UFO. Next day I decided to wait for the flying toy to appear again because I still did not believe it was anything unordinary. As I was waiting there in my bedroom, I suddenly realized that it is now dark outside. I checked my watch and it was about 4.30 PM. I remember seeing the UFO in daylight time. I checked my mobile phone to see when did I call my father. The time stamp was around 6 PM. Now I was puzzled. When I saw that UFO it was daylight time but when I went out to search for it, it was already dark because I was only about 15-20 minutes outside. The next day I verified the time from daylight to dark and I realized that I saw the UFO probably between 3 and 4 PM and I went out to check it approximately between 5:30 and 6 PM. So what happened to me between these times? I remember still standing at the bedroom window and then I put my outdoor clothes on and went out. But it seems that I went out at about 5.30 PM. So, I had lost memory of at least 1.5 hours between the sighting and going out to search for the flying object. One week after the sighting there was the first intrusion in my home while I was sleeping and now they are visiting on weekly basis. The photos show the change of daylight conditions at 3:30, 4:00, 4:30 and 5:35 PM. I do not remember that the outdoor lights in the yard were turned on when I saw the UFO. The partial flight path depicted shows roughly the trajectory before it descended behind the opposite building.
