{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-12 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519710","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37065","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4109,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/710/mufon-5519710.json","updb_database_id":5519710}
Two glowing round orbs, at closest, were about the size of my pickup truck.

Live on a pretty secluded Farm in N.W Indiana. Nearest neighbor about 1/4 to 3/8ths of a mile away. Was home alone, in kitchen cooking a late dinner about 7:45 pm, so it was dark. No moon.. just a clear sky and lots of stars out. Then my two dogs (Labs) were outside, and started barking like mad. Looked out the kitchen window, and saw some unusual lights just over one of my fields. Being curious as to who or what the heck would be over or in my field at that time or the night, I went outside and walked toward tree line on edge of field. I Watched these two round orbs come closer and closer, and get larger and larger, while glowing brightly yellow, yellow orange, yellow red. They stopped right at my tree line, between my house and my field, one hovering about tree top high, the other about 15 feet off the ground.. about 300 feet (a hundred yards)in front of me. My dogs went nuts.. hackles up... growling and barking like they lost their minds.. and it scared the Hell out of me. Dogs ran back to house and went into their dog houses. I walked backwards to house all the while watching these things. They made absolutely NO sound. I have seen silver disk shaped UFOs several times during the day over the period of my 50 plus years, but never anything like this. 

Then after about 3 minutes of hovering at my tree line, the lower one went up to about 60 feet.. and shot off to the left (north)over my trees moving from zero to what appeared to be about 50 mph instantly. Three or four seconds later, the other one which was still hovering at about 60 feet (top of my trees) sped off in the same direction after the first one about twice as fast as the first one.

Lost sight of them once they got back over my large woods. 

They were NOT any type of conventional air craft that I am familiar with, and they were DEFINITELY NOT props, jets, choppers, balloons, gremlins, faries, the good year blimp, or anything or anyone with a glow stick or a spot light swinging through my tree tops either. They were not stars, the 
moon, venus, mars, a lunar eclipse, or light reflecting from anything.

when they were about 300 feet from me, they were about the size of my pickup... so they had some good size to them. The glow they emitted did not come from a light source, they just glowed.. and the colors vascillated yellow, yellow orange, red orange. They did NOT blink or flash or strobe like any conventional lighting I have ever seen. Oddly, the glow they emitted did not seem to light anything up around them.. at least as far as I could see. They just glowed.. and they were bright as hell.
I thought that was really wierd.. especially from the one that was about 15 feet above my field... from my angle which was pretty much straight on..
I didn't see the field light up under this thing, and if it were a conventional light of some kind, it certainly should have lit up the field, but it didn't. 

My dogs are farm dogs, and they are not afraid of anything our here, wild animals, people, aircraft, etc. But they definitely senced something about these things that literally scared the hell out of them. They acted "sheepish" and marginally frightened for several days thereafter. 

Dont have a clue what they were, but I know for certain that I don't ever want to see them that close again.

Thats it. They came in slowly, they changPed altitude, they hovered, made no sound, we watched.. then they quickly left!
