{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-10 20:16:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529710","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25803","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5441,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/710/mufon-5529710.json","updb_database_id":5529710}
Probable hypersonic aircraft sighting of terrestrial origin by individual with military and civilian aviation credentials

10/10/2010 8:16 PM, over an hour after dark, official sunset was 6:35 PM, completely clear skies, cool evening, mid-501s.

Spotted several satellites and aircraft throughout the evening plus one meteorite so had accurate comparison of speed, altitude, luminosity to other objects.

8:16 PM spotted an object on a nearly perfectly North to South heading, passed directly overhead, appeared to be either in orbit or at least 100,000 feet MSL, much faster than previously sighted satellites or aircraft, on a direct heading with no deviation or erratic movements. Similar in appearance to previously observed satellites with star-like appearance lacking any navigation or anti-collision lights that would appear on aircraft, but the luminosity of the observed object pulsed at approximately 4 or 6 second intervals during which time it burned/shone brightly for approximately two seconds, gradually fading to nearly invisible to the eye, then flaring up and brightly pulsing again, almost appearing larger in size during the pulses as the change in luminosity was so great, observed it over approximately 4 cycles before disappearing from view on constant southerly heading. Object traversed the visible arc of the celestial sphere over my head for a distance that I would define as probably 1/8th of the portion of the full arc of the visible sky, was completely out of sight in less than 60 seconds when it was no longer visible after it was just slightly beyond the apex of the sky, estimate velocity in the hypersonic range, 5,000 1 10,000 knots, suspect pulse detonation wave engine or other advanced propulsion system or possibly a rapidly rotating orbital body that was reflecting bright sunlight at regular pulsed intervals, however the velocity appeared to me to be easily 10x greater than previously observed high-altitude civilian aircraft and satellites of the evening. The light emanating from the object did not to appear as distorted from atmosphere as previously-observed satellites, from that I draw the conclusion that it was lower in altitude than the satellites but at least double the altitude of the airliners I observed earlier which I had estimated to be in the neighborhood of FL 350.

The reason I am reporting it is due to the far greater velocity at which it traveled relative to other common nighttime objects and the brightness that, when at the apex of a pulse, was at least as bright as the clearly-visible planet to the east (bluish tinted planet, believe it to be Venus or Saturn). It struck me as advanced terrestrial technology rather than advanced-civilization technology as it had no erratic movements, did not suddenly appear/disappear, did not hover, did not reflect multiple colors, but rather moved with the straight-line determination of an orbiting body or (an exceptionally high) high-altitude aircraft. Since it was on a N to S heading, also reason to suspect military program material, as such an orbit would transit the US and former USSR.

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?

Back yard, Rochester, Monroe County, New York, USA.

2. What made you first notice the object?

Stargazing and watching satellites and meteorites, bright flash caught my eye, followed the object to see that bright pulses were regularly spaced and faded over an approximately 2-second period from maximum brightness to base brightness, followed by approximately 6 seconds before the beginning of the next 2-second bright-to-dim phase.

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?

Satellite, due to the high speed and star-like appearance, but exceptionally fast compared to satellites with brightness that was at least as great as comparable planetary bodies visible the same evening.

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions.

Straight-line, no deviation.

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.

Became keenly alert to this object as it clearly was something unusual - I have been a stargazer, aircraft-watcher, and satellite-watcher for some number of decades and have serious credentials in both military and civilian aviation including time at government entities that describe themselves with letters, as specific as I am willing to get on a public disclosure.

6. How did you lose sight of the object?

Object made its last pulse/fade cycle slightly beyond the apex of the dome of the sky, would estimate that the closest recognizable constellations to the path of travel would have been Lyra and Cygnus, likely passing through a portion of Cygnus. No sound emanated from the object during the entire event, not unusual as it appeared to be very high altitude or orbital.
