{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284710","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118704","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3580,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/710/mufon-5284710.json","updb_database_id":5284710}
Melted Gold?

I’m going to make a long story very short. Reach out to me, work with me and be transparent and I’ll tell you everything. That is trust.

This specific event has made every other encounter I’ve had seem almost meaningless. 

I woke up in my bed room around 3am on the dot… we’ve all done that before. When I opened my eyes, the lights were on exactly how I had left them. Nothing out of the ordinary. Wasn’t even looking for anything. (I had studied CE5 in the past, this is NOT happening now) However, I reached over and grab a cigarette from my night stand… as I turn off the lights so that I may smoke in the dark. That’s when it appears…

Remember, there was seemingly NOTHING when the lights where on… however the exact moment I turned the lights off, that’s when I saw it.

This thing was in my room, floating above my bed. Specifically where one would rest their head, so yes it was above my pillows maybe 2-3 feet up. 

Here I will break down the description of the “entity” and I hope this is why you reach out to me. This is something that couldn’t not be made up, and if real I would like answers. I am a very logical person. This was nothing I’ve seen before or in any Hollywood’s scene. If anything it looked “similar” to descriptions found in ancient Jewish text.

(Entity)
It was shown with a bright golden brilliance and yet it emitted no light… I know it makes no sense 

The entity itself was bright and gold like it was reflecting light in the room that was absent. 

It physically looked like melted gold or glitter just folding in and out onto itself. 

It hovered and didn’t move. 

It was not humanoid. I did not see any mouth ears eyes or anything. Just looked like free flowing gold overlapping onto itself. 

Beneath it there were golden glittering sparks “dripping” or “falling” from it… however, they would disappear before touching anything physical in my room. For example the sparks would gently float down but disappear before hitting my pillow or the floor. 

No I had no telepathic communications like all the movies and other stories say.

It floated there for a moment… only slightly moving closer the more I realized what was going on. As it moved, a trail of sparkles followed behind, gently falling down as if it were a Disney Fairy. (sounds far fetched)

I won’t lie, I felt compelled to say “behold the good glory of God” about three times

(I’m not even religious and this did not make me religious. Maybe that’s how it connects to us?)

After saying the phrase three times I felt compelled to fall to my knees but I did not. 

It then faded away and I haven’t seen that exact thing since. 

I have had countless events a many times with several witness. The fact that this was my first and only up close encounter and there was no one around for it… It makes you feel. 

I’ll also note my bedroom door was closed and so was my window.
