{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-02 01:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451710","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109935","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5546,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/710/mufon-5451710.json","updb_database_id":5451710}
orb ufo then cigar ufo but same spot

I woke up around 1am and felt very weird and almost as if I was going to have a panic attack! I got up and felt so strange almost like I was me but not me... I woke my wife and told her something was wrong with me so she gets up and as she was rubbing my back asking me what’s wrong I tell her I feel really weird and just very off. I was breathing heavy but felt like I was not getting air so she grabs my shirt and shorts and says you want to get some air, I’ll walk out with you? I say yeah and we get up. I go straight to front door to go out and she says I got to pee and I’ll be out there! I say ok and I head outside. I get outside and I feel as if I’m looking down at myself or that I’m like there but I’m looking at myself next to me... it’s very hard to explain what I mean by that! So as I’m standing there I feel like I’m away looking down at me standing there. My wife then opened the door and came out and it’s like I was back to normal. She asks if I’m ok and I say yeah I think so. She says she is going to check on the kids and will get her shoes and come out with me and closed door. As soon as she did that I hear a loud noise and knew what it was. We live by the airport so it was a plane leaving the airport. So I look to my left and up as it passes like I have done many many times. It’s passes and I notice a round blob past where the plane was. It was pretty good size but did not seem real large I guess! As I’m looking at it, it starts to what I would call stretch or maybe it was more orbs coming on next to it I did not know. I watch it in awe and all the sudden a large pulse starts going off and this thing went from a couple blobs to this huge line almost like a cigar with a faded light blinking but not going out just dim to brighter. I turned around to open door and tell my wife to look at this. She was at door about to open it and I was on edge and it scared the heck out of me because she had this gray cover around her neck so my heart dropped out of my chest. I tell her to come out and look at this. She comes out and sees it and is absolutely freaked out. She says what is that and I say I swear I knew this was here and I all the sudden remember I was dreaming about being lifted to a ship and these people messing with my belly button and I started balling my eyes out and I drop down to sidewalk and my wife drops down and says “what did you do” later telling me she though I stepped on something. I tell her about the dream that woke me up and I don’t know if I was scared at this point or felt crazy or what. There is more to this but my main reason behind this is I hope someone else in the area felt something or saw something that night. I don’t care if anyone believes me and I’m not looking for anything in return. I 100% fully believe now that as well as wife that we were visited by something or someone! I never gave ufos much thought till now and I have been sitting for days looking up similar events to see if anyone has seen anything like this. I took a weeks vacation and have been online looking for 12-15 hours a day. This has changed my life as well as my wife’s life forever. I think I may have been taken or maybe my dream was sent to me I don’t know. Since then I have had my head FULL of knowledge and each day it’s like there is things being added to make me understand how everything in the entire world works. From why we’re here to who these visitors are and I feel like then took me and someone opened up my brain and gave it the ability to understand everything!!!! My wife is freaking out with the things I’ve been telling her that I know and that I can figure out all the sudden. Again I don’t want anything from this from the site I simply want to find out more and ask anyone if they seen this last week or at any point. I feel free now and my life has changed and I only need to know why me and did they do this to anyone else and they are afraid like I was to come forward. I had a dream after that this was done to 6 other people and that we are being used for something soon that will come out and that we will be the few who are told what is going to happen next. I was told that everything we know about our life is not correct and that a Earth changing event is about to happen and I’m so scared that they told me what but that I just can’t remember and that we’re all in trouble and these 5 others and me need to meet with each other NOW! PLEASE HELP IF YOU HAD THIS HAPPEN TO YOU!!! I don’t want to talk about this anymore and I just beg you that if you are one of the others to please get into contact with me please please please! I’m scared too but I know that I need to find you so please get into contact with me fast so we can compare our experience and do what we know we have to do!!!! Thank you In advance and I promise you this is something we each need to do or else
