{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-09-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487710","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71947","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6925,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/710/mufon-5487710.json","updb_database_id":5487710}
{jpg} I didn't see a ufo that night; I had no where else to go to share my story and what I've seen. What I seen was something beyond my mind and comprehension.

1I1ve done seen more things throughout my life, more than any other child has in a lifetime!1 It all started at the age of eleven, I just moved from Angola, Indiana planning to meet new people, and make new friends while finishing up my summer in Muncie, Indiana. It all started out great, on the third day I sought out to find new friends in the neighborhood, and eventually I was given a tour of the massive city on foot. Although I can1t remember him and his brothers name, they had lived a couple houses down from me. They were much older than me, the one was tall and skinny, while his brother was short and stalky. Supposedly their dad worked for the CIA back in the day or something like that, I never really believed them! Tom my mother's boyfriend worked at the popcorn factory making tons of different popcorn flavors, pretzels, with white chocolate, and dark chocolate covered pretzels. Sometimes he would bring some home with him, after I was finally settled in with my mom and her new boyfriend we decided to watch American Dad and eat some caramel popcorn that he had brought back from work. We had a blast at first until a few days have past, it was hot and humid the day it all began to unravel. Tom came home from work, installed the air conditioner in my temporary bedroom, which was also our other living room, while my real bedroom was still a working progress at the time. He then took a shower and proceeded to go to bed with my mother as I sat up half the night watching Family Guy. 

After a few hours of watching TV I began to get bored and yet tired, the air conditioner wasn1t working properly and it was really hot. I got up grabbed my blankets and pillows, turned off the lights and laid down on the couch in our living room. It felt like eternity trying to fall asleep. I eventually got so fed up with the heat, once again grabbed my blankets and pillows and headed to my bedroom, opened up my window and laid on the floor. Again it felt like eternity just laying there listening to all silence, as I laid there staring at the clock I began to hear someone or something walking through our driveway made up of rocks. I then figured it was my friends dad coming home from the bar playing a game of pool with his buddies. I then got up and proceeded on my tippy toes to say hello, not even I could hear myself walking across the wooden floor, I stood there by the window and slowly aimed my head out. I heard my neighbors Pitbull beginning to growl and bark, I seen her hairs literally crawl up her spine, as I stood there trying to understand what she was barking at. I knew what I was staring at from behind was not in fact, my friends dad! From behind whatever this thing was, it was tall, gray with long arms, long legs, big head, and walked faster than any other person I have ever seen in all my life. It then turned around, ducked behind my trashcan looking straight at me with them deadly looking eyes. 
I was baffled by the fact that it knew I was there looking at him from behind, questioning myself. 1What is that, is this really happening, how did it know I was here1. I stood there feeling like it was forever, staring deep into it1s big black glossy eyes. I then pictured seeing myself from where he was at literally seeing myself standing by the window while getting this feeling that it knew I was a child and it wasn1t there to hurt me. It then stood up continually staring at me, finally blinking , its eyes moved from both the left and right side meeting the middle of it1s eyes. As I stood there shocked at what I was seeing, it then turned around and walked away fast again, I remembered Tom had a camera in his office. I ran to his office to grab his camera trying to capture proof, I finally got to the room trying to get the camera to work and it was dead, and as for it, it disappeared into thin air1. Literally! 
The night wasn1t done just yet, that moment before it all happened it was silent, all of a sudden every car alarm in the neighborhood went off as if an earthquake went off. There was no trembling throughout my house at the time until I seen a black helicopter passing over my house with a bright white search light, afterwards when all the cars finally went silent, I began to hear this strange whistling sound from thin air. I will never forget the sky's blood red color afterwards, the creature I seen, the dog barking, and the way it looked at me. 1Of course I was scared, I was a child at the time, and didn1t know what the hell I seen1! Till this day it has always remained a mystery, and I plan to know exactly what the hell it was. 

As the night ended I ran to my mother's room frantic about what I have seen, waking them up telling them everything, they did not believe me, leaving me with an answer 1William you watch too many movies, go back to sleep1! I then stayed awake throughout the remainder of the night with my head under the covers in the living room. I finally fell asleep dreaming about 6 of them standing over me with a bright light doing unimaginable things to me, after that I woke up tired and nauseated, also shocked about everything I just witnessed, still convinced what I have seen was real. When I went to school, I told the kids about what happened on the first day, one kid called me crazy stating 1Yeah right1! Months have past, even years, and I will never forget every last detail! I haven1t told many people about it since then, and I still see him in my dreams at times. No one can convince me that it was a man in a suit, me hallucinating or the simple fact that I watch too much movies. I know what I seen, I will never forget! I still ask myself to this day, was I infact abducted. I will never know because of the fact, people usually have no recognition of there abduction. 
What do you think?
