{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504710","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54176","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2841,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/710/mufon-5504710.json","updb_database_id":5504710}
glowing orb traveled overhead silently and slowly at low altitude

i was observing the night sky with my telescope when i noticed a bright white light low in the N.E sky over my local town. At first i thought it was the police helicopter using its spot light in my direction, just for fun i attempted to view it with my scope but could not due to it having a motorized 
mount. In this time the light had got much closer to me and i began to think how it must be causing a disturbance with its engine, been so low at night over houses. With this in mind i was waiting to hear the beating of the rotor blades, and even though it was now very close i did not think it was strange that i could not, having had experience of helicopters in the army i am aware of the sound been absent in certain situations due to environmental conditions. By this time the object was only a short distance away approx 100m and i was starting to wonder why i could neither hear the engine or make out any structure. At this point i became aware that it was just a ball of bright white light and i was totally amazed at what i was seeing, the orb floated over my head at maybe 40 feet in height without any sound and in a straight line. The light did not cast a beam in any direction and looked identical in every direction i viewed it, as it moved off away from me it passed over the house behind mine, and it was at this point i could make a fairly accurate estimation of its size approx 10 feet in diameter. and altitude 40 feet due to its close vicinity to the building. I watched has it disappeared over the house and stood perplexed of what i had just witnessed. Although i have an interest in the ufo phenomenon i am also a very rational person who will always try to find rational answers to things. This why i have not reported the sighting until now. I have done my very best to find an answer to what i saw that has a rational explanation but have been unable to do so. The only explanation i can give myself is that i witnessed either an unknown atmospheric phenomenon or a UFO. One thing i do know is it wasn't an aircraft type, balloon, Chinese lantern or any other regular object, and i will wonder about it until the day i die.  yours faithfully [Name removed/cms/tg]
