{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-25 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473710","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86669","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2572,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/710/mufon-5473710.json","updb_database_id":5473710}
{cak} Looked like a bright satellite that pulsated chasing away another reddish brown glowing object.

My wife and I and our dog were on Shelter Island and it was a clear night and the sky looked amazing. I have been looking forward to looking up the night sky to see if I could catch any unusual activity. We went for a walk and our dog took us to his favorite spot, a beach down the road. I thought it was genius of him. It was perfect. Like clockwork, shortly after we laid down on the sand and I started looking at the sky, I saw without a doubt, something in the heavens that could only be explained as something strait out of science fiction. 

A satellite looking (star looking) object that was pulsating brightly was chasing away another vehicle that was reddish brown and faint. The pulsating vehicle was ejecting a beam at intervals that looked like a dashed line in a curve towards the fleeing vehicle but not directly at it. It looked like it was shooting across the other vehicles bow. There were 2-3 ejected dashed line beams that were strangely identical to one another. The direction of both vehicles was not in a straight line and were completely UN-ordinary. After approximately 10 seconds of this pursuit at the location of the glowing reddish-brown object, a streak of light appeared to shoot downward and the reddish-brown object was gone. After the reddish-brown object disappeared, the pulsating star looking object stopped pulsating and changed trajectory slowly. I lost sight of this star looking object shortly after that. 

This was in space. The objects looked to be in orbit like satellites.

Was this an extra-terrestrial civilization chasing away another? Does Earth have ET's protecting us from other civilizations whom may violate our indigenous rights? Was this our military who has space faring vehicles (stolen from ET's) chasing away ET's?

We can handle the truth. The powers that be will not accept the fact that they are powerless.
