{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-08 04:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484146","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75693","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2833,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/146/mufon-5484146.json","updb_database_id":5484146}
{nd} Black Triangle with Bright lights at every corner and red light in the middle descended from clouds then changed direction, hovered over me, then disappeared. No sound

I work the night shift in the California Highway Patrol, as I was leaving work around 4am in Roseville California, a giant bright black triangular object descended from the clouds with 3 bright white lights, like lights that would light up a stadium, abruptly turned, came about 30 feet and hovered directly above me, then disappeared into the dark morning sky. I could not track the object. I watched it, and it seemed like when it saw me it was right above me. Started directly North hovered above me, then shot off about North West of me. I do not know if I lost it in the dark sky or if it disappeared. I have never seen anything like it, and I have seen and been around a lot of Aerial Vehicles in my time in the Highway Patrol and US Marines. The Object was gigantic at least 10 times bigger than a 747 Jumbo Jet. It had 3 bright white lights at each end and a big red light in the middle. The red light was brighter than a stoplight. The Object was completely silent, not a sound. It was dark black and solid. I checked my radar in my vehicle and nothing appeared to be out of the ordinary. When the object hovered directly over me, it only lasted about 1 minute, maybe less. Then it completely disappeared. About 2 minutes later a military helicopter with what appeared to be solid black, flew by afterwards scoping the area, did a circle about 20 miles in between and then took off north of me towards Interstate 80. The helicopter made a lot of noise and it was not one of ours. The triangular object was gigantic, frightened me, I was getting off work and due to tough scrutiny in my line of work I did not call it in. Because my job is strict with psych evaluations and in fear of losing my job if I reported this or harming my career I wish to stay anonymous. I hope my sighting might help someone else with the similar sighting. Gigantic Triangle, hovered over me and then disappeared. I have seen a lot of crazy things in my 25 years as a highway patrol, but I have never seen anything quit like this. This one will keep me up at nights on my nights off.
