{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-22 19:49:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499146","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60000","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2380,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/146/mufon-5499146.json","updb_database_id":5499146}
{rjl} Looked out in the south sky seen glowing lights traveling in formation heading N

I had stepped out to smoke a ciggerette. Looked up in southern sky and over the treetops I seen thease lights heading North. 1st there were 2 they were flying and a formation both were exactly the same both were in the south but one was further west of the other. Watched them fly the western one dimmed just a little for about 3 seconds and then was gone the other flew for about 25 seconds then another one appeared east of the second one. Then the second dimmed for about 3 or 4 seconds and then it disapperaed. the 3 flew for maybe a 60 seconds and then it dimmed and disapeared also. They all was traveling the same speed not super fast but for the distance they were from the ground they were not slow. They were the same color as your amber light on dash boards. I have seen aircraft before I was in the Army and know what most aircraft look like. My parents both were pilots. I also live in a flight path of KCI airport and have seen many planes or jets fly over and this was not like tradtional aircraft. They were as bright as if you was looking at a street light 4 or 5 blocks away. Their was no noise at all. There was a breeze very light comeing from the southeast. They seemed to be in a formation and stayed in that formation up till they disapeared. I called to my mom she came out and looked at them. And she was able to see the second one and third one. Also I am 46 years old and have seen a lot of things and never seen anything flying like this. I was not scared or excited at all I just watched and noted what happened I was trying to figure out what it was and be objective about it. I am not going to say this was out of the world stuff but it was not normal lights in the sky.
