{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-01 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495146","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64300","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2438,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/146/mufon-5495146.json","updb_database_id":5495146}
{dr}I believe that I was abducted and implanted with a foreign body

In November 2012 I came home from work around 8pm ate dinner showered and watched some TV. I fell asleep with the TV and lights on about 9pm. I awoke sometime later around 11pm. Upon waking up I realized that I could not move at all. I laid there on my left side facing the wall. Behind me the the lamp was still on. When I looked at the wall I noticed that a shadow was being cast on the wall. It was then I became frightened because I couldn't move even a little. No matter how hard I tried I couldn't turn over. The shadow remained there for about 20 seconds then moved away from me. I didn't hear any sound within the room at all or hear the door open. It was only then I was able to move again. In a panic I flipped over and swung my legs off the edge of the bed. Out of breath I looked around the room and there was nothing there. Out of the corner of my eye I saw a flash of light outside my bedroom window which I also thought was strange because that window didn't face the street and the house was set back about 200ft from the road. I got off the bed and ran outside to see where the light came from. First I looked around the yard to see if there was anyone out there then I looked at the sky. There was nothing. The next day at work I noticed that my right arm was itchy, but when I scratched it I noticed there was something in my arm. About the size of a grain of rice. There is no scar where this object is and I know it was not there prior to this. It remains in my arm to this day. I will take a polygraph test anytime anywhere to what I experienced. Also, for the past 3 years I have been wanting to know what this object in my arm is and find out once and for all what it is. If you can help me with that or maybe give me some info I would really appreciate it.
