{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-01-10 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465146","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95648","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3117,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/146/mufon-5465146.json","updb_database_id":5465146}
{rjl} A huge cylindrical object flew north to south over the town of Freedom, ME, appearring to be made of wood with huge yellow windows

A huge cylindrical object flew north to south over the town of Freedom, ME, appearring to be made of wood with huge yellow windows. I never spoke of this to anyone or heard of any similar event at any time.

1, 2) This occurred when I was approximately 12 years of age (I am now 51), during the winter in Montville, Maine, about 1 mile from "downtown" Freedom. I was lying on my back on the ice on our farm pond, with my feet to the north and my head toward the south. I believe I was resting, although I do not recall why. I am writing this from the same address.

3, 4, 6) I had been lying there approximately 10 minutes when I saw the object flying overhead. It was oriented north to south, along the direction of its flight path. I thought it was several miles high, about half a mile in diameter, and about two miles long. It appeared brown, with blackish markings corresponding to the appearance of the grain of wood, except the panels would have been hundreds of feet wide and at least a mile long. It did have straight blackish markings in rectangular shapes of approximately those dimensions. I saw two yellow panels approximately on the bottom of about the same dimensions as the panels, which I at first thought were windows. I thought they were lit from within by very bright yellowish lights. At that distance, I would not have been able to see individuals of even large size. The front of the object appeared to be a round panel of the same "wooden" material.

The object passed from north to south, from horizon to beyond my sight, in approximately two minutes. About halfway along its path as I knew it, it passed to the left, which I now realize must have been over "downtown" Freedom, Maine. I did not respond quickly enough to either get up or turn to look at it as it traveled past me.

I did not know what it was, but I concluded that it was probably an alien craft, although likely an ungainly one. My opinion has not changed.

5) I did not have an emotional reaction to this event that I remember. I was mostly just puzzeled. I was not sure it was even real, as it could have been some sort of hallucination. I never spoke of this to anyone or heard of any similar event at any later time, as I had seen enough science fiction to believe I would merely be ridiculed. I had no recording equipment with me. I went to bed shortly after and slept fairly well.
