{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-01 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486146","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73569","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2408,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/146/mufon-5486146.json","updb_database_id":5486146}
{dr}Metallic Triangle Shaped Craft Hovers At Cloud Line For Several Minutes Before Ascending Above The Clouds

In the fall of 2011 or so me and a friend was out lounging on the deck, just looking up into the sky... enjoying the day. It was probably around 3 or 4pm est, sunny... but puffy clouds of different shapes and elevation. When I noticed this object, really far up... dipping below and above the cloud. It was so far up, but we both watched this object for about 2 minutes or so... before it rose above the cloud and didn't appear again. Because of the elevation of this item, it was difficult to make out much detail at all. But after talking with my friend about the object, we decided it was triangle shaped.. and had possible lights of the orange spectrum (could of been just reflecting sunlight)... we couldn't make out the location of the lights on the object. But what caught our attention was the ability of this object to stay at the location in the sky and only rising and dropping above the cloud line in a stationary position. (Though it is possible the cloud itself was what was making the object seem to rise and fall)and it just stayed stationary. The most astonishing thing is, you could tell it was metallic because of the reflection from the sun, a silver like color. I have ruled out satellites or known man made craft, just because of it's ability to hold it's position for a couple of minutes in the sky before rising above and out of sight. I live in a very rural area, where I can barely see my neighbors house in the distance.
Also something that may be of interest, hours away from my location is a base.... and often we have F-16's flying over head... sometimes several at a time. The UFO we seen stationary at the cloud line, and was much higher than the F-16's training flight path.
