{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-28 19:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502146","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56872","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2970,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/146/mufon-5502146.json","updb_database_id":5502146}
{dr}Viewed bright light just appeared on horizon from SW seemed to strobe changed to purple triangle moved directly overhead.

I live in a rural area. A few acres. Walked my dog about 45 minutes after dusk April 28, 2014. I was walking under the power line that serves my home and the others in the area. Not a big power line but for home use. There was still considerable ambient light I noticed a bright light to the SW which I thought was Venus but I quickly corrected myself as Venus is a morning star this time of year. The light got brighter and larger. It seemed to strobe. Also it appeared that there was a leading edge like a flying wing that was obscured by a fog or mist. For a second or two I saw the edge appear on the left side (my view) then obscure again. As the craft came close it morphed. Crazy I know but the bright wight light changed into a solid triangle structure. It flew directly over me along the power line no more than 500 to 800feet above me. The triangle portion of the craft had a purple or violet light similar to neon outlining the triangles edge. There was a softer violet color on the middle of the craft and at the very center a bright white light. No sound what so ever. It moved from horizon to horizon in approximately 90 seconds. It was a large structure. I would say the triangle was 100 feet by 100 feet by 100 feet but the object was larger as it was shrouded in some sort of mist. Another curious thing. No emissions at all. No sound at all. It seem to be pulled along rather than being pushed like our know propulsion works. It was steady no wavering in speed or direction. 

I have seen and reported other sightings before. Not with MUFON but another site. Those reports were of lights doing erratic movements at incredible speeds stop start increase in size and then disappear in less than a second. There are 7 or those sightings. This is the first solid structure I have observed.

The object kept moving until it disappeared to the northeast horizon again no more than 90 seconds before it was beyond view. Unfortunately I was charging my cell phone and did not get a photo. It seemed that the object wanted me to see it. From what I could determine it could have obscured my view using the mist or fog or whatever it used to make it so it's true size could not be determined. This thing was huge. 

I wish I had a photo.
