{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-11-14 19:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291146","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112192","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3635,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/146/mufon-5291146.json","updb_database_id":5291146}
Orange Glow Sighted Far Away, Outline Changed Shape

When I was 10 yo, Rigth after supper and my homework, I went outside for fresh air because my mom started watching her tv program. It was a windy nigth with occasional clouds passing by. It was the beginning of the week, the 14 or 15 of November 1988. 

So I stand beside the trailer and happen to look NE towards the block appartements when I observe a round orange glow in the sky. Thinking about mars or venus or a hi powered publicity spot. I kept watching it hoping that that It would be something explainable. It started moving to the right and up alittle bit, so I knew it could not have been a planet. it also did not make a back and forth movement like a spotligth. I tought about something going on on the nu 20 freeway by the st laurence river, like an accident, however nothing in the news the following day came up.

Back to my sigthing, The round glow moved up toward the rigth very slowly then it stopped. It then moved left and down but not as much as when it moved rigth. Then the glow appeared to take the shape of a slanted diamont. It Appeared to be pulsating a little however because it was windy and cold outside my eyes were starting to make tears. I tought about going inside to get a camera but we because it was dark and we only had a 110 wich was a very low quality camera at the time I decided to stay outside and not lose the sigth of it.

The orange glow started to move to the rigth again moving up a little, this time going farther than when it came to a stop last time. It also appeared to change it's slanted diamond outline to what I would describe something ressembling the outline of michalak's sigthing saucer in the prairies.

I was winking my eyes to get a better view. The glow stayed still a couple seconds then started to move up and rigth again, making an upward curve. I then lost it when clouds started to move and cover it from the left. In the next 10 seconds I think I saw it reappear more up and to the rigth and then move alot faster until it dissapeared from view.

Because I didn't get along with my mom I shut my mouth about what I had seen. I don't know if it was a real ufo, at that age I just started to pay attention about stuff like that. I also waited in the news to hear if a new aircraft was getting out. But no nothing like that until I saw later in the 90's on the tv show Sigthings that same orange glow that somebody had filmed.

The sigthing lasted 5 to 10 minutes. The thing I saw appeared to be far away, like rigtht by the transcanada highway or over the St-:Lawrence river. As for it size I remember the moon being at my rigth. It was not a full moon but it appeared to be something like one fifth the diameter of the moon that I saw that nite.
After the sigthing nothing changed in my life, it didn't get better or worse.

However, About 10 or 11 days later we got the "Tremblement de terre de la St-Catherine" , A huge earthquake with the epicenter in Charlevoix. Made me wonder If It was connected...
