Case No. 1474 03032021

Date: February 20, 2021.

Approximate Time: 15:30 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Summer.

Witnesses: J. G., 42 years old.

Description: The informant reported the presence of a phenomenon
Anomalous aerial object in a photograph obtained approximately at 15:00 (HL) on February 20, 2020, in Tafí del Valle, Tucumán, Argentina.

The user reported that what was observed was an oval, gray in color.
light-colored and large size. He assimilated that, for seconds, it
She reported finding it in a stationary, silent flight two kilometers away from where she was. She added that it appeared from the north of her location and disappeared "north of the artisans' road."

Although she stated that 4 people had witnessed the phenomenon, she concluded her report by saying that the image remained "in a photograph we took from the site."

In early March 2021, the user sent a photograph as support for her report (Figure 1). Additionally, she corrected the sighting time to Saturday, February 20, 2021.
approximately at 15:30 (HL).

                              Figure 1


The user's location was referenced at coordinates 26° 51’ 07’’ S and 65° 42’ 36’’ W. (Figure 2)

                              Figure 2
The location is approximately 126 kilometers west
of the city of San Miguel de Tucumán, Argentine Republic. This
determined that the case fell outside the scope of work of the
Committee.
The expert analyses indicated that the image does not correspond to a
Original file. Its diffusion from the silhouette of the reported phenomenon and that only its presence was perceived in a photograph, suggests it was small, and that its flight was silent to those present at the scene and close to the camera that captured its image.

Images: An image in JPG format was received in an email in March 2021, as shown in Figure 1.

Analysis of its metadata information confirmed it was not an original record. As indicated by a blue arrow in the figure, the image appears to have been digitally manipulated.
Figure 3, your file would have been created past midnight on March 5, 2021, moments before being sent to CEFAA. The date marked with an orange rectangle corresponds to the creation of the metadata file.
Figure 3

Conclusion: Due to its origin in a situation unrelated to the mission and function of the Committee, the case was closed in accordance with Chapter 1 and Chapter 2, Section 2b (Study of).
cases occurred or registered within national territory).

Case classified as “Foreign”.
The user was informed of the definition of their case and was suggested to contact the Aerospace Identification Center of the Argentine Republic (CIAE).
