{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-03-14 02:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529913","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25592","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2563,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/913/mufon-5529913.json","updb_database_id":5529913}
I looked up from a few minutes and as I was aware that my dog was acting wierd.(Anctous), Iooked up and spotted the HUGE Disk arive, So I watched it..

I was taking my dog out to pee. And I whitnessed a very large Ship that looked as if it was dark with matter? Is the only way I could describe the ship.I mean this thing was soo BIG that I was thrusted to the ground on awe. It was so big that the only thing that was in the area that was smaller than this would be a football field that was in the area nearby..I tried to get pictures and just ended up getting just the lights on the ship. But...Keep in Mind,I had no prevous knolege of UFO's except for the awakening...Is what I call it.I actually felt someone observing me:: That I have dicumented and video plus pictures proof that aliens are real and I have a picture of UFO that came down to meet me and that is when I got this video. A clear picture of an Alien Inside SHIP and looking at ME..I figured that I was able to get the UFO on video is because they wanted me to see them..Letting me know that they are here..I have no photomat programs on my computer and no way to manipulate photo's.The only capabilities my computer has is to down load pictures and avi.That is all..Anyone that has had experiances like I have all my life wouldn't or couldn't or just like me just don't have the means for it. I just wanted to let the world know that we aren't alone and I have the proof at a buddy's home for safe keeping. I have already gotten my computer upgraded and just as I started posting the UFO pictures online..I guess the GOVERNMENT wants to keep this secret? TOO BAD...SECRET IS OUT>>AND SPREADING RAPPIDLY !!!When Obama decides to come and talk..? Then I can show him personally that E.B.E's Are real and want someting BIG and it could start in our slavery all over again?Anbody worried?YET!!!
