{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-31 02:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504913","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53965","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2911,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/913/mufon-5504913.json","updb_database_id":5504913}
{nd} Entity/alien ran across in front of my car on the highway

On January 31st at 2:45-3am I was driving on Interstate 5 in Vancouver Wa, when I slammed on my brakes right before the overpass that says Padden Parkway (There is no actual exit right there, I think the closest exit is the 99th st exit or 78th)The overpass was about 4 car lengths from my car. I slammed on my brakes because I saw a being hovering about 5ft above the ground in the middle of the freeway of the fast lane (I think it was in the process of crossing the freeway). It was about 1 and half car lengths in front of me, it was staring straight at me and all I could feel from it was extreme fear. The being was translucent in appearance, about 7ft tall, it had long lanky limbs. It did not appear to be clothed yet did not look naked as it was reflecting everything around it like you could see through it but it still obviously had a definite form. it had a human like form except that it had two semi long flaps of skin/hair (was hard to distinguish due to its translucence appearance) that was attached the the head (from it's profile it looked like it had slicked it's hair/flaps back, the head was smooth and graduated into those two flaps by the nape of it's neck. They were about 6 inches long.
Then it faced east and took off running. However, it did not run like a human being or any animal I've seen. It ran with it's whole body contorting/bending in half in a repetitive motion fast while hovering, it did this extremely fast leaving sort of a trail or impression of itself across the freeway, it ran across the median to the other side and into the bushes on the other side of the northbound freeway where on on ramp meets the i5.
The whole time I stayed idling in my lane on the freeway. From the time I saw it and slammed on my brakes to the time in took off running across the freeway everything was in extreme slow motion, like time was altered. It felt like the whole event took 10 min but in reality the clock had only changed a min at most. 

I was the only car on the road, it was foggy but the area where the entity was the area had no fog and the street light gave a golden orange glow to everything, the entity seemed to absorb this light. The being did not seem to have defined features. 
Then I drove on freaked out!
