{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-20 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470913","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89572","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3383,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/913/mufon-5470913.json","updb_database_id":5470913}
{rjl} I was driving and saw 2 lights ahead, hovering just above the tree-line. There appeared to be light coming from it, like a helicopter beam, but that light wasn't there once I got close to it.

I waited a long time to submit this because I have had trouble describing what I saw and have been looking for reports of anything similar. I came across MUFON case 75504 and finally, saw a object/experience that was like my own. I also had another experience a few months later, in September, which has video but a completely different type of "object" or objects(multiple). Anyway, on 6/20/16, I was driving home from Vinnin Square, down Tedesco St.,into Marblehead. Tedesco is a long, straight road. The first intersection is a 4-way stop. It's visible from a decent distance on Tedesco. Driving toward it, I noticed 2 headlight-like lights, very bright, hovering not too far above the tree-line. I also thought I saw light coming down from the object, and assumed it was a helicopter. I wondered what was going on-what had happened. I expected some sort of movement, even hovering, helicopters tend to "waver," as do their lights, but it held steady. There is an elementary school on the corner and I was also expecting that it might move to land there, or that another would appear and land. It was a very quiet night, there was no one else on the road. This whole time, I was coming up on the intersection, waiting for some sign of...anything, and it still just wasn't moving at all. I had deliberately slowed down to watch and to try catch the red light--there was no one behind me, so I went very slowly and let it turn red, and still the object just sat there. I swear to you, I don't know why, but I 100% felt it "knew" I was looking at it, and it was looking at me. We sat like that for about 10 seconds and then it started moving toward me. I rolled my window the rest of the way down and at the same time, was detaching my phone and turning off the music because I felt I needed to pay attention. Still, "intellectually," I guess, I was sort of expecting that with the window wide open and the music off, I'd hear the sound of a helicopter and see the wind generated by one, but there was nothing. It was noiseless. No wind. It had gotten a little lower in those 2 seconds or so and was just beyond the intersection It got almost right in front of me, then smoothly veered to the right--up Maple St., diagonally, as if heading toward Salem or out to sea, and was gone from sight. The lights in the intersection and on the "vehicle" turned it into a fuzzy silhouette. It looked like it had corners AND curves. There were more lights on it, but I didn't see the beam-like light anymore. I wasn't sure I had seen it at all. I wrote 2 Facebook posts about it right after.
