{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-10-26 16:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453913","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107707","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4333,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/913/mufon-5453913.json","updb_database_id":5453913}
{cak} It was made by Jeff Lucas on his youtube channel Jeff Lucas Astrophotographer and it floated in the air.

It was made by Jeff Lucas on his youtube channel Jeff Lucas Astrophotographer and in His words (I write my ideas not to discredit anyone in the science/physics community of professionals, so I ask please be open-minded, work together; constructive thoughts are welcomed. When it comes to building a type of EM anti-gravity type, it's wrong, it's not the number of magnets, it's how much current you can apply to magnet (coils) to increase the magnetic fields by repulsion induction, eg. opposing polarities. My idea, energize the magnet (coils) increasing its magnetic field with the induced spin towards dielectric pitted (not smooth) plates, this setup is a polarized flying capacitor sandwiching energized magnets. Power routes in series from top of the craft as positive and the bottom as negative. Shaped like a flying capacitor (saucer) holding 5.5KV+, synergy is harnessed from the spinning array stator coils that charge the voltage multiplier capacitor banks. This build of banks reduces the craft's power to weight ratio 5/1, no need of having huge magnets and spools of copper wire. How possible, is a strong surge of current, Lorentz force, R/C 10K rpm motors energize the Halbach array creates upwards lift, a downward repulsive magnetic field from the array creates a magnetic type of anti-gravity. I have created the frame using balsa wood to support the huge capacitor scaled at height 101mm, width 254 mm consisting of 3 stacked arrays. For this project, I will need two R/C 10K RPM drives @ 12volts, no bigger than your 9-volt battery. Create mounts for two 10K RPM drives. The first 10K drive will sit below rotating array, 2nd 10K RPM drive is for top rotating array negating yaw. The 2nd counter-rotating arrays and static will have a few holes may result in a Biefeld-Brown Effect. Install one ultrasonic emitter driver top of craft pointing downwards towards the big array where it is amplified by the EMF bubble canceling the craft's center of gravity outwards, hence the craft moves upwards direction of EMF, bigger the EMF, bigger the encompassing lift, the craft becomes weightless. Applied HV to magnetic fields from the center coil, +/- lifts the flying capacitor up, a repulsion, anti-gravity, no, more like Newtons Law. This creates EMF radiating blueish glow below the craft, remove power, the capacitor array falls from mid-air, enable the voltage coil fields, the craft rockets upwards, more like an electric drive, since it's base construction is a magnetic coil. Having opposing poles in Halbach arrays, the polarities towards middle static aluminum array increases EMF to thrust upwards. I have created a series of videos from the simplest basic of EMF to the end where we actually see EMF thrust concept at work. This video is not here to argue the merits what is gravity and not, but those interested to make some type of anti gravity using EMF, Ionic thrust, not use of balloons, winged lifts, airplanes, propelled thrusts. I share the idea how to get started with electric hydro dynamics, dielectrics materials and hopefully we can work together and get off this planet. Troll comments will be banned. So far, I have made a simple model of this and I did get lift with tethered power line. Secondly, I've taken a different approach with Proto 13 project, see community, its in the works limited from my own funding, its a hobby, a idea I'm sharing. I don't make money from YouTube and don't care about ratings! I am hoping someone will and be inspired to create such a saucer lift.) To find the footage just look up his youtube channel and click on the video called anti gravity project.
