{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-07 19:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284913","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118500","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5045,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/913/mufon-5284913.json","updb_database_id":5284913}
strange lights or reflections seen in Colorado, seeming to come in to land and decelerate, then just vanished.... over America's most heaviest ....

area of acknowledged military ground bases in USA.
At the very end of Dusks light fading.  from The Dillom Mall area of Pueblo, I saw several lights that drew my attention with haste, at 1st, I was reminded of the video's of the large UAP spotted and videoed by many persons in Arizona, but my former Air Defence Artillery mind was already at work, plotting course, distance, trajectory, speed, height, size, as I was taught many many years ago...
the 1st thing I noticed was how clear the what I first thought were Orange lights were, very detailed, each one the same exact distance apart, the same color, and intensity.  I noticed that the lights were not round, but shaped like a old video games version or child's drawing of flames, and that each one of these "flames was exactly a like," knowing fireworks, pyrotechnics a bit, I decided being all were so perfectly alike, color, brightness, distance, and on a horizontal path at a slight decent that this was not likely.   Next I am a bit of a fearless type guy, cautious but not afraid, and from my 1st viewing oft his UAP, I was nervous, my inner voice called form this very loudly, this was uncommon, next the very large size, very visible, very defined, it was strange, unnerving, I felt even though it was a good distance away, i wanted to walk the other way, to flight, just not look at it, not observe it....  but I did so.   I have seen the the northern lights, rare ball-plasma lighting, and was trained to evaluate, Arial objects , sillouttes , and to anticipate there course and speed, that should i be required to fire missiles (redeyes, stingers, chapparels) and projectile weapons such as vulcan 
ADA guns, or small arms to a point in space before my target, that such reach that point as my target does, thus a chance of destroying or downing said aircraft.   there were several of these "flame like light's( i now believe might have a highly reflective material, reflecting the last of dusks light at a higher altitude," they seemed to be on the outside of a huge (gigantic) UAP, traveling from N to NW, very slow, very graceful, like a ballerina, or marshal artist's movements, that made me feel it was alive, or being operated by some one who loved to fly, had a bit of the eagles flight abilities naturally as some of us do, there was a flare or style to it.
from my right (n) to my left (nw) it seemed to have come in very fast then slowed so controlled like when you let a large copper slow a falling perm. magnet, on a string and swing it towards the copper.   it was only seen by myself for maybe 30 seconds, but buy 15(or approx. half of my viewing time) I felt as if I had got all information I could from it, the landmarks, etc... and just watched in awe.

it was appox. 5" flames" as i call them, the one on the farthest right would disappear as a new one appeared on the farthest left side, they did not fade just appeared and disappeared.   the sky was cloudy, the only reason I believe these were part of one oval or disk or cigar shaped UAP, was just before it entered some very dark clouds, it seemed as if said was present and very lightly and shadowly seen by me., then all the flames disappeared, as if they were lights turned off, no fade etc... just gone...

it seemed to appeared in a small break in the cloud cover, which by the way was heavy dark , and i believe now the flames were not lights but as stated reflections, I have more detailed drawings of my location, what where i viewed said UAP, landmarks i used to determine variables as best I could, have my dd214 stating my claims to training, etc. are so... upon request.
Also i spend a lot of time with "nature and very Large Horned owls,"  this incident reminded me of a recent incident with one that flew next to me , landed on a pearch 15ft away with out making a sound, that had i not caught its movements with my periferal vision i would have never known it was there, and might of died of fright had i looked into its huge eyes with no warning that appeared out of nowhere in silence...   it was like that, or like seeing a dorsal fin break the water surface as you swim in the ocean....
i will if requested provide info drawings etc...    email me, my phone is not active now....

ueblo
