Case No. 1861 10022023

Date: 08 or 09 February 2022.

Approximate Time: 20:40 local time.

Location: Santiago, Metropolitan Region.

Witnesses: J. A. V. G., 31 years old.

Images: The user provided a video titled "2 FANI Santiago 8-FEB-2022 - 50 MB.mp4" created at 21:50 (HL) on 13 February 2023, moments before reporting to SEFAA.

Description: The reported sighting was described as two objects in the shape of a pure or cigarette, white in color, and estimated sizes of 20 to 100 meters. These would have been moving at a high speed.
It has been visible for 11 to 20 seconds, always flying to the southeast, by more than three witnesses.

The user concluded by stating: “I found the videos and it is difficult for me to determine distances, but they seem to be many lights together or a large object emitting lights at different points in a line. I will take the videos and download them and give them to you because I believe you can make a better analysis with more data. Approximate locations from the videos, the first one seems to be recorded from the center to the northeast of the capital, and the second video of
The girls seem a little more to the south, perhaps San Miguel, I'm not from Santiago, I'm not so sure. The time of the event is also more of an estimation on my part based on the amount of light, it was obviously late but still...
Day. Happy hunting and I will deliver the videos to you in one. I will have to lower the resolution due to data limits but I send you the Reddit link where it is in higher resolution ((

https://www.reddit.com/r/UFOs/comments/111nxh9/2_ovni_ufo_fani_uap_over_
"The Andes mountains near/ )).”

In emails dated February 14th, 17th, and 20th, 2023, the user was requested to provide the original files or at least the files of the recordings he found online of what he reported. Additionally, he was asked to provide the identification of the original witnesses and the location from which they allegedly filmed. No response or audiovisual material was received.

Conclusion: Due to the lack of available data to study and in accordance with
Technical Instruction on Procedure, Investigation Times, Reception, Processing of Executive Report and Archiving of SEFAA Reports, the investigation file was closed by classifying the case as a "Relato" (Report).
