{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-22 21:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489911","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69691","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3203,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/911/mufon-5489911.json","updb_database_id":5489911}
{jpg} Triangle of lights hovering in sky, then coming toward us. Lights faded out.

My wife and I had two friends over for dinner on August 22, 2015. We consumed no alcohol or drugs during this time. Around 9:50 PM we said goodbye to them and walked out the front of the house and down the driveway to see them off. After hugging goodbye, my wife looked up in the sky and asked, "What is that?" I quickly followed her gaze, and down the road about a mile, hovering above the tree line was a triangle of lights just sitting there, hovering. After a few moments it rotated as one unit slightly to the right, and then began to get larger, like it was coming toward us. Off in the distance we could see a passenger plane in the sky with its light blinking, and it was on a trajectory that took it toward the UFO, though it was much further away and higher in the sky. The lights on this triangle were unblinking and orange/red. As it came closer to us and got larger, I began to see the outline of a triangle, with the three points lit up by these orange/red unblinking lights. I kept my eyes focused on in and since I did not have my cell phone with me, I was shouting for someone to take a picture or video of it. The hairs on my neck were standing up and I had goosebumps just looking at it, and a feeling of excitement/uncertainty/fright. Ever since I was a kid I always wanted to see a UFO, and now that that's apparently what I was witnessing, it left me feeling many emotions. From behind me, I heard our female friend say that the lights weren't showing up on her camera phone. She was trying to take a video but the lights would not show up on her screen. So we stood there for about three minutes just watching this triangle as it appeared to come closer to us at an extremely slow rate of pace. It was positioned so that there were two lights on top, and one light on the bottom. The bottom light began to fade away, and with it the outline of the triangle. About 20 seconds after it faded, the top right light faded and more of the triangle disappeared. 20 seconds after that the top left light faded and it was gone. We stood there for a moment catching our breaths and looking at one another in stunned silence. My wife and I had to go pick up our daughter from work, so after a moment we said goodbye to our friends and asked them to let us know when they got home so we knew they were safe. My wife and I got in our Jeep and went to pick up our daughter, and all the while I kept my eyes trained on the sky since I was in the passenger seat, but we did not see anything else for the remainder of the night.
