{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-16 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500911","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58169","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3168,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/911/mufon-5500911.json","updb_database_id":5500911}
{cak} Bright white light in daytime sky that hovered, then traveled, blinked and emitted haze and 5-6 smaller white objects before fading out

Me and my wife were standing in our backyard when I noticed a bright white object in the sky towards the North. It was during the afternoon while it was still light outside, which got my attention because there were no stars in the sky because it was bright out. However this object was a very bright white sphere. It seemed to hover towards the North and traveled slowly towards the west and then seemed to travel Southwest. Although it moved slowly it moved much faster than any star would've during the earth's rotation. Additionally, it maintained its altitude and shape for a duration of approximately an hour and a half to two hours. I watched it with a pair of binoculars and my wife had her compact digital camera. We took pictures during it travel and in the images it also appears to be a bright white sphere. Towards the end of observing the object the sky had begun to dim, no stars were out yet, and the object was even brighter. I thought the object disappeared but my wife pointed it out to me. It was starting to blink and appear hazy/smoky. I quickly grabbed my binoculars and observed the object was no longer as bright because it was behind what appeared to be a smoke screen or it was emitting smoke. With the binoculars still focused I saw the object itself and five to six additional smaller white objects under the object. It looked as though these were coming out of the bottom of the original object, perhaps emitting them from itself. My wife could not observe the smaller objects with the naked eye nor did she see the big object blinknig, but did see the object appear to get dimmer and saw the smoke that was emitted from it. It then disappeared and did not reappear to us. I was completely in shock. In all of my years in observing the sky and searching for UFOs I have never seen anything like this. I can remember yelling to my wife to look at what was happening. I still feel like it was almost unreal. 
 My wife took photographs of the main object in the sky and a video. Video to be provided later.
