{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-08-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465911","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94832","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2416,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/911/mufon-5465911.json","updb_database_id":5465911}
Was woken up by a strange noise and bright light beam shining throughout window onto myself and my sleeping daughter.

My 5 year old daughter and myself had been invited out to be a part in a friends wedding party taking place at their family1s extremely rural summer camp in Halkirk Alberta. We were there as a group preparing for the wedding a week ahead of time, and the women of the wedding party were being housed in a mobile home on the camp property. One night, just days before the wedding, I was awoken by a strange sound and upon opening my eyes I noticed a very bright beam of light shining in the curtainless window beside our bed. I sat up to investigate, as my first thought was that a helicopter was hovering in the sky above the home, but looking up I realized that what I was seeing was nothing like a helicopter or anything I had ever witnessed before. I saw what looked to be an almost silent, huge dark form hovering in the sky, humming slightly and shining a very narrow beam of light from quite a ways up directly into myself and my daughter. I froze. Scared out of my mind in realizing that what I was seeing was not anything my rational brain could figure out. I sat there stunned as minutes went by, and this object continued to hover without moving at all. I finally reached over and woke up my daughter, who instantly became frantic. I grabbed her from the bed and raced to another bedroom which was occupied by another bridesmaid and woke her up to tell her what had happened. The next day I was sheepish to talk about what we had seen as the bride and groom were extremely Christian and I thought they wouldn1t appreciate or approve of hearing my story. To this day I have NEVER been able to forget that night, and I have never been able to sleep without windows both closed and curtains closed tight.
