{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-24 20:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286911","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116469","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3393,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/911/mufon-5286911.json","updb_database_id":5286911}
I was taking photos of full moon rising up behind dark clouds. Just before I snapped my 3rd photo. I saw many objects appear. 1 very close.

I decided to go to go to the back parking lot of the Fullerton Court House. It's situated atop of a hill and has a park like atmosphere. Lots of green grass & trees. Where 7days a week hundreds of people go to enjoy and or park to either begin there walk or ride there bikes on the famous 8 mile Fullerton Loop Trail that goes all over the town.. i ended up in an ideal position for some pictures while observing the full moon rising up behind some great cloud shapes and colors. I was Waiting for the moon to get to the height of the many Parots crossing into my picture along with the moon. I was facing ese direction observing the moon rising up in direct line of myself.. i could see Saddleback Mountain way back in the ne direction.. At 8:03pm pst I snapped 2 photos. The 1st captured many Parots about to cross in front of the moon.. At 8:04pm pst. Just before I snapped my 3rd shot. A couple parots entered my camera view then I saw 7-10 objects streak into my shot at about 45° angle from various distances. 1 of those objects was close enough to see its dome saucer shape. I snapped the picture just before it abruptly changed course. From a north decent to ne. The direction all the other objects were going. I watched them all disappear into these 3 puffy clouds that Looked like giant fireballs hovering over Saddleback Mt. But those clouds weren't anywhere near the Mt.. It all happened in like 5-7 seconds. I took the photos with my Samsung s20 FE cel phone. After observing the picture to see what I captured. I took 1 more photo at 8:12pm pst. To see if any of the many objects from photo #3 could be dust specs. Nope. All I see is many objects in & about to enter the fireball of clouds. With 1 object in clear view just as the Saturn looking shape object redirecting itself. To catch up with others. The picture also confirms what I thought i saw in my peripheral view. The parots entered my shot with distance between them. Then simultaneously the parots appeared to abruptly fly into each other. At the moment that object redirected and disappeared into that cloud at warp speed.. I'm sending the four photos in the order I took them. Being that they're all connected to the sighting. Photo 3 you'll need to zoom in.
