{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-09-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457911","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103642","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2524,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/911/mufon-5457911.json","updb_database_id":5457911}
{rjl} Bright object streaked across field of view.

On a road trip through Southern Colorado, I had turned up a forrest access road off Wolf Creek Pass right before the tunnel. I think it was rd 130, Pass creek area. It was the middle of the night and there were people in campsite areas. I saw a gated road and decided to pull up to the gate as this was the first spot I didn't see people's cars or tents. This was just past the Tucker ponds area and on the right of the trail. I had backed in to the gate, so I was facing Fox Mountain and my back was to the pass and Alberta Lake, Mountain area. I was facing north east, I had a friend with me but he didn't see the object. Though we were watching lights in the sky for a while before the incident none seemed as strange or fantastic as what happened next. All I can say is this object moved so rapidly that it only lasted a second or two, it was super sonic or better with no sonic boom. It was right at the tree tops from my vantage no more than 100 ft off the ground and was making adjustments like contouring to the various hills and mountains just above the trees. it was completely silent and so fast I couldn't tell what it exactly looked like but the thing that struck me most was that It streaked a blue and white light so bright it reminded me of a star trek shuttle craft with blue and white nacelles on it's sides toward the rear. It looked cigar like or rectangular fairly big like 60 to 80ft long and tall but 6 to 8ft tall maybe. It left a trail in my vision a mile long after it was gone like it was so bright it was burned into my retina. It flashed in and across my vision in an instant and was gone. When I asked my friend if he saw it, He didn't. He must have blinked cause that is how fast this thing was moving. I'm very observant and have seen Military jets go supersonic above me including Stealth aircraft and this was so much faster with no sound at all.
