{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-03-19 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494911","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64545","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4751,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/911/mufon-5494911.json","updb_database_id":5494911}
{nd} Large black triangle that flew slowly and silently at tree height level over my head.

March 19, 1993
Marin County California
Approximately 10:30PM
Very remote area on top of a hill approximately 800-1000ft elevation
No other cars or air traffic visible anywhere
I was with one other person (a woman I was on a date with)

We had parked the car on a rough dirt pullover beside a 2-lane country road that went from the nearby small town of Fairfax, Ca., up over a large hill and then down to a reservoir then on up to a mountain (approximately 2,800 ft. tall) named Mt Tamalpias. We were standing outside of the car star gazing and talking. I began telling my friend about a UFO I had witnessed about 5 years prior. As I described the bright red light I saw in the distance hovering on the horizon and then instantly switching directions for about 3 hrs. all those years ago, I noticed a small red light hovering over the treetops of the adjacent ridge line of Mt. Tamalpias and slowly moving towards the North. As soon as I pointed the light out to her while explaining that what I was describing to her looked exactly like the light (same color and size) that was now visible to us both at that very moment, it began to stop and hover and then continue to move Northbound. 
I kept my eyes fixated on this red light that appeared about the same size as a star in the sky except that it was only about 1-2 miles away from us and hovering just above the treetops. We watched the red light moving north then instantly reverse direction, and then move north instantly again. Sometimes it would just instantly stop and hover staying motionless for about 5-15 seconds, before moving either North or South again. Then it began to do loops in the sky, quickly rising up and down in a circular pattern of movement. Then it would stop and hover before continuing on with this series of erratic maneuvers. After about 15 minutes of watching this red light switching direction back and forth, moving up vertically then dropping down vertically, and then making circulars motions in the sky it finally came to a standstill just above the ridgeline. It hovered there for about 30 seconds than instantly turned into a huge (equal to the size of the sun in the sky but at close range) golden ball of light and than instantly began moving directly towards us in a West by Southwest direction. 
 As it came closer the giant ball of golden light morphed into 3 distinct smaller but equal sized balls of golden light, each of which was about 1/3 the size of the original ball of light. The closer it got the more visible the shape of a large black triangle became visible with the 3 golden lights clearly marking the 3 corners of a black elongated triangular craft. It took about 15-20 seconds from when it ballooned into a large golden ball of light to fly over us and disappear right over the curvature of a hill just behind us. What was strange about this craft was how it appeared to morph from one light into 3 lights and then as it got close enough to see the size and shape of the craft the 3 golden lights just disappeared leaving just this massive black elongated triangular craft cruise silently right over our heads at treetop height. As it approached and began passing over head, I began running after it but out was moving too fast to keep up pace with it (approximately 30-40 MPH). 
 The craft itself was approximately 300ft long by 100ft wide, solid black with no visible detail what so ever. It glided gently right by and over us without making any noise at all, not even the slightest wind noise.
 Within seconds of it disappearing over the hilltop right behind us, and literally about 50 ft. above the ground at that point, another golden ball of light appeared out of seemingly nowhere from the North and flying in a direction that clearly aligned with the flight path of the black triangle. This second craft had colored lights that were visible on either side of its center golden ball of light. As it approached it was clearly and visibly an airplane of some sort that seemed to be following right after the triangle or perhaps even chasing it.
