{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-11-24 05:31:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456911","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104673","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2776,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/911/mufon-5456911.json","updb_database_id":5456911}
{tjd} LIGHTS FLYING IN LINE PATTERN THEN DISSAPPEAR

Walking dogs at about 5:18am as I was walking back home and was like 6 houses awayI looked at the clear sky to gaze at the stars, while looking at the big dipper. Then a shooting star went in the middle of it , I was so amazed by it cause its not easy seeing them in the city of Chicago ! Then I saw 1 star in the dipper formation bright white move, then another , another, I froze and my dogs started to wimper. I tried to call my son and boyfriend but the calls did not go through, both calls mark 5:45am. I again looked at the formation and noticed the brightest star light pinkish color, many other little lights were coming from it. I tried my phone again and it went through, I told my boyfriend to please come out and see this, but it hung up on me. 13 more lights came from the star , followed eachother , out of the 13 there were 2 sets of lights side by side passed with the single ones, and then once they reached by the tree i was standing they all dissappeared straight up!! My boy friend came running , he stood where I was and saw the brightest star move slower then the other lights, while I continued to watch 11 more lights came from the bright light and followed each other. Then a second falling star flashed through in the direction of the lights were going. No sound, straight light , no blinking, these were not airplanes for they were way too close in formation. It looked as if they were going northeast but in a slant. Then we heard military helicopters, and roaring of military aircraft flying in the path where the lights were flying. I know their sound for I am an ex-military wife, and it was all quiet till they came. Then the brightest light a light pinkish rose color was not as bright like it was before, slowly dissappeared going in a different direction, west . I and my boyfriend looked at the sky for a while longer in the spot I saw the first falling star flash,but noticed the big dipper formation was not the actual dipper, The dipper was across north bound and this one did not move. As the sound of the roaring of copters and fast flying military aircraft flew we left and walked backed home.
