{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-26 02:16:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474911","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85397","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2607,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/911/mufon-5474911.json","updb_database_id":5474911}
{rjl} Glowing lights behind cloud hovered, then moved in similar directions at a high rate. Return to original position.

I was driving North on the 429 heading to Orlando at 2:16 AM when I saw 5 lights in a straight line shining through the clouds. They were as big as the moon, but I could not see any objects because they were shining behind clouds. They were spaced equally, one object being able to fill the gap between the other. I figured they were spotlights from Disney, but I realized Disney was behind me and there was nothing else that would shine spotlights at 2 AM. I kept an eye on them, but they suddenly zoomed out as fast as a meteorite travels across the sky. I couldn't see where they went the first time as I was driving.

A few moments later they zoomed back to their original formation. I put my hazards on and pulled off the road. I tried getting it on video, but it was too dark. They traveled in a straight line, but in slightly different angles so they were spaced evenly, but farther separated from each other when I looked behind me. I sat there watching them for about 10 minutes, but they finally zoomed out of view and never came back. They zoomed out and in probably 2 times in a span of 5 minutes. They mostly hovered. They disappeared for about a few minutes, but they came back and zoomed in and out for maybe another 2 or 3 times in a period of 5 minutes. I ruled out spotlights since they flew out of range that a spotlight has. It was apparent that they were behind the clouds, and not light being projected onto them.

My first reaction was curiosity. I thought they were spotlights until they moved at an incredible rate. As soon as that happened I felt an adrenaline rush. I've been interested in UFOs since I was a kid. It started with an experience with seeing 3 fastwalkers at the beach, but I haven't had an experience since. Not one that I could debunk at least. So seeing something that I truly had no reasonable explanation for got me crying out of excitement and fear.
