{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-16 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526911","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28747","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2921,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/911/mufon-5526911.json","updb_database_id":5526911}
Bright fixed white light traveling west to east., no sound, blinked out.

On the evening of Saturday April 16th 2011 at or about 9:00 pm. CST I stepped out into the back yard to smoke a cigarette. I was standing on the north side of a covered patio. I was facing toward the west. North being to my right. Within a minute or two of my being there a bright white fixed light appeared from the west moving in a easterly direction. It maintained this direct of travel until I couldn't see it any longer. It cleared a tree line entering into a sky clear of anything,trees,building or clouds that might obstruct my view. What immediately caught and held my attention was that this object was a fixed light. At first I thought that this might be a helicopter with a spot light But there were no aviation running lights. No white strobe or red and green side lights. The object made no sound that I could hear. Had this been a helicopter at this distance it definitely would have been heard. I will not venture to estimate any altitudes but the object was lower than the usual air traffic that one might see in this area. Again because of the object having only a fixed light it had my attention and I continued to watch as it moved toward the east. At the same time further to the north traveling from the east to the west and at a much higher altitude was an aircraft (my guess a commercial airliner) with all of the standard lighting of an aircraft, fixed white light, white strobe,and colored running lights. I would catch glimpses of it's colored lights intermittently as it passed. Eventually I was able to hear the sound of this aircraft as it passed however faintly. There was some considerable distance between the two aircraft. But as the eastbound aircraft/object with the fixed white light made it's way passed the westbound aircraft with standard running lights the fixed light (object) went out completely. And from that point on I could not see anything of that object. The object blinked off as it was in line between me and the constellation of the Little Dipper. Which I think is slightly in a north of northeast direction from my position of viewing. To be honest I was hesitant to report this event seeming minor, but what really stuck with me is that the object had only a fixed light and that it eventually just went out.
