{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502911","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56071","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":10620,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/911/mufon-5502911.json","updb_database_id":5502911}
25 words is not enough to explain our story

Well our first sighting was on new year.
More then 30 bright orbs fly over our home.
Ive recorded all but it was in black and white.

Then after this event, we went to investigate this matter.
We saw more objects and then we found a location where they come every night for the trees,water, ground and electricity.
They pretend to be human objects to hide there presence.
But i recorded everything.
I dont know why let me do that,its not like i was hiding or so.
Sometimes i went in the middle of the night alone to record them in the forest,nothing happend and they just ignored me.

In four months ive recorded hundreds of videos.
About bright orbs come flying to me, or bright orbs on the ground and moves and fly away in high speed.
I have strange objects flying on video, strange lights in trees and on the ground.
I have on video that they do something with energy, some kinda energy orb thing with purple/white colour is getting bigger and bigger.
And smaller orbs hover around and go trew the big orbs, like a lava lamp.
Ive seen this a couple of times .

SO on this moment i have hundred videos on youtube and more videos not uploaded yet.
But two days ago we recorded something big.
And it was on the ground.
There was a huge ship parked on the grassland.
ON the moment i was recording i could not figure out what it was, but i thought it had to be a ship.
So i recorded it for more then a hour, there are also windows in it and you can see things move inside.

You can also see there is like a magnetic field around it, its like the heat you see on a airplane engine, it looks like that.
So on the moment of recording i thought il kept the camera on that object, and then suddenly it vanished!!
it vanished on video.

I have it in good quality, close ups.
But not uploaded yet to because i see this is not normal and maybe people would not like this.
And we are a family and we need to protect our home because we have 2 kids.

This hole things is just a surprise for us, but we kept it hidden for months and went to investigate this matter everyday.
SO everyday we went to that location and recorded everything what we saw.
We have alot of strange things on the video,what science cant debunk.
The video i have is the proof that these things are not from this planet.
I have the prove that we are not alone!!!!
I could drob dead if i lied.

Ive posted some pictures of the object on the ground, and some other pictures are from a smaller object, you can see one entity is doing something with the light.

This is my youtube channel.
Where you can see other videos ive recorded.
In this video you can see our story in parts of how our story started 4 months ago.
[Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]

All other videos are my personal videos.

I have no idea why they showed there self to us, but they did.
We saw increbible things what humans cant do.
HUmans cant let a huge object like on the pictures vanished in a blink of an eye.

Thats excatly what happend.

And on the video you can see a bit in the ship, you see things moving on the background.
And its kinda huge.
I dont know for sure but for some reason it was laying there in grasland near farmland.

And now am thinking what must we do with this information?
Because we know if this excsist, then there must be people out there who will do us harm.
And i need to protect my family.

Because this issent a hoax, the videos are real.
And i have on good video qaulity for more then a hour that a huge object is laying there with strange lights on his side, suddenly vanish.
And i see things inside what doesent look human if you ask me.

Well if fact, i dont think we have that technology to vanish that huge object, its impossible.
And i also recorded things what doesent look like humans eather.
Am sure that i have the proof now that we are not alone and i have no idea why they showed that us.
In fact they showed me many different actions from them, thats how i got cinvinced that they are not human.
I saw one bright orb 30 meters away from me, it fly pass our house.
This is how our search started to them.
Because we saw real close what they are, we saw the colours,shape,structure and that was with new year.
Then it leaded us to the location where we see them every evening.
They dont come for us, i have no clue for what.
But ive seen them near the water, in the trees and above the trees, and on the ground.
Sometimes i see a saucer shape object on the ground, and when i record it, it vanished slowly.
I dont feel any violence from them, they just do what they want.

I saw once how a helicopter was chasing a bright orange light, it was like a men with a speer running behind a ferrari, funny sight.
SO the gov knows i think.

I also capture a huge flying star on video.
That was not a star. it a was HUGE and bright.
it looked like a star but it wassent a star.
The speed was a like a plane, and it did not had any trail smoke like a comet and it stopped in mid air!!

And i recorded small objects on the ground, moving from left to right in high speed.
With the eye it look like the lights jumps from left to right, but after analyzing the video, i saw the light was moving in high speed from left to right.
Impossible to do by humans.
And the lights came from above, you can see it drop from maybe 10 meters down from somewhere.

Ive seen them pretend to be famrverhicles, construction workers, trains, busses, cars, truck with trailers.
I got all on video in good qaulity!!
I mean from a distance you would think that they are human objects but when you zoom in, then you see what it is.
It can be a funny sight to see a train moving above the river, so no it wassent a train, it was a train of small flying objects acting like a train.

And ive seen airplane lookalike who drop little small objects, who fly away or hover anywhere or come to the ground.
I had one coming to the ground and moved from left to right and then suddenly moves in high speed on video.
I all recorded it.
And ive tried to look for shapes after analyzing the plaens on my computer, and i get strange shapes, non human airplane shapes.
Some look straight out of startrek.

So there are different sizes.
Huge star build sizes.
Airplane boeing size or bigger.
House size like, these are the bright orange orbs who fly around and when they get noticed, they changed to airplane.
Then the carsize object,they come to the ground alot.
And the one meter size, they also come to the ground.
And the entitys who stay in the shadow, i might recorded some but am not sure of it.
Its not like ive seen them before to reconise them on video, if you know what am mean.
its just like i have alot on video, more then 100 are on youtube.
They can show you some parts of it.

But the most important videos are not uploaded yet.
Its just that i thought its time to contact Mufon now that i have the prove.
I was searching for that and collected many videos meanwhile.
And then suddenly out of nowwhere, they stand there on the field.

I just could not accepted the fact that there was a huge ship on the field,
i just ignored that thought but kept filming the object.
Only after it left, we thought damn we recorded a UFO on video in HD qaulity and it vanished on video.

The last pictures are taking yesterday, its from a entity doing something with a small car size object.

And i have alot more, i just need support to bring this out on a deacent way without getting my family in trouble and that the public get the chance to see all this.
Everything can be analyzed but till now i will only send pictures of the video of that object, until i heard a save and good plan for the future.
I want this to go out ,but i dont want bad people to mess this up.

Everything i said here is the truth, this is not a hoax and i can prove every word i said here.

We where waithing for the right moment to contact Mufon and with the right information.
I think we have that now.

Ive started to realize that we dont know anything from them at all, they are far a head to us.
From what ive seen what they can do, its like we are far back behind.
And i dont think there hiding because they are aplnning something.
No no no, that doesent make sense with the technology they have.

If they want,they can do what ever they want but they dont do that.
I was there for months and nothing happend.
And it doesent make sense to hang around some grasland in the midle of now where.
No it look like they are much further away from us about the logic of life.
They use water ,ground and electriticy for energy.

I could type for hours more, but it comes to one conclusion.
There is something out there, and i dont know if they are from a another planet or from another dimension.
But i do know is,that they are not human.
Impossible!
