{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-21 22:48:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486911","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72778","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3501,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/911/mufon-5486911.json","updb_database_id":5486911}
{rjl} was recording for ufo motherships lol and cam was pointed at moon, out of no where the moon grows, no zoom, clouds stay same

I have seen quite a bit of ufos especially after learning about the Hopi ant people, I'm Mohegan myself so native culture is an interest of mine. After watching an episode of ancient aliens I remembered seeing a face book post about mother ships appearing in Iowa or something like that, and like I said ever since I learned about the origin of the gray (ant people) I have seen all kinds of ships from square crafts to cloaked ones pretending to be a plane moving really slow yet the sound traveling one thousand feet behind it then the sound stoping and the plane lights turning off and then like flouresent lights it flickered the real ones on into a real v shaped craft and poof it zipped into space right above me. So I decided to look out side for the big one since they alway like to give me a show, but since I don't have a good camera and only my phone I pointed the camera towards the moon invade one flew over me while I looked around the sky for potential motherships, as I began to film I noticed a star like object in the distance but from previous experience I knew I couldn't record the little tease in the distance. In the recording u even hear me say " what no motherships". I recorded for about 1 minute and 47 seconds. I figured I was wasting my time so I gave up looking and reviewed the video. Upon observation I noticed that the moon grew over double the size, and I didn't hit zoom one time, there was no glare around the moon for auto focus and there are even clouds that r going In front or it during the moons enlargement, they do not change size. This happens about 47 seconds into the video right after u hear me say Come on to the ship in the distance. I know for a fact that the moon does not grow especially in a second and in the same place, and after it grows is when I say I'm very unsatisfied. So it has to be a ufo do to the fact it was really going along with me while I was complaining to the craft in the distance. I have always wanted something to send to mufon hoping to one day be apart of the ufo craze. I have pointed out to people and even friends ufos on many occasions and not only have I pointed them out but they go along with what I'm thinking on a personal level. Like I said before they stick around when people r with me and even if I pull my phone out so if I get a good camera or even get up with someone from any ufo investigation company such as mufon we could get some hard evidence, and this is just the tip of the iceberg. I also have some more interesting things to show not ufo related and on a way bigger scale that really can't be explained but that's for another place and time.
