{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-06-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523911","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32001","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4733,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/911/mufon-5523911.json","updb_database_id":5523911}
Spotted 1/2 mile away in valley, it came to me after I came to complete stop in hwy.

I previously sent a report in on my experience, but have had second thoughts about revealing more of my encounter. As I previously reported, the UFO was shaped like a Mercedes Benz emblem, three spokes 5-6 ft wide, 25-30 ft long, each spoke. The center was 12-15 ft. across and round, where the spokes met. When I first sighted the UFO, it was just above the horizon across the valley, the spokes were lit a beautiful blue, with white light ends on the last 5 or 6 ft of each spoke. The center was a large white round light almost the entire center, in fact I could not make out the center outside edges because of the light, even when up close. As I drove toward the UFO, it descended down into the valley and toward me. The blue lit spokes went out, leaving one small blue light in the center of each spoke near the end white light on each spoke. The spokes were a dull black where they were no longer blue lit. The white spoke end lights ( barrel like in shape, encompassing the whole spoke end ) began to pulse in changing 2-1, 2-1 several times, in different spoke combinations, and then the center light pulsed brighter that ne spoke lights one time,while the craft hovered silently less than 100 ft above and off to my front, right side. It was a full moon, no clouds, top down on car. After a short period, the UFO drifted over my car and then I heard my first sound. The sound was very directional, first I heard a hushed jet engine sound, then a loud crackling / popping sound. Very much like static electricity, only very loud, it drowned out the turbine sound I heard as it started across me. As soon as it passed directly over the sound went off. Not on/off like a switch, but like quickly turning the volume up and down with a dial. The craft slowly drifted up and barely over the tree tops on the left side of the road and out of my sight. I immediately turned my car around and drove back out into the valley to see if I could spot it again, with out success. A few minutes later across the valley, side I just came from, there was a craft with a spotlight on heading down the ridge the same direction the UFO was last headed, and I could not hear any sound from it as I sat and listened. I failed to mention on my first report that my face and head got warm, or flushed, as the UFO directed the static sound at me, but it went away in a couple of seconds and I just thought it was me getting excited as the static sound engulfing me did startle and concern me at the time. MORE IMPORTANTLY, after I filed my first report here, I began to feel that a message about our welfare was given to me from that encounter, messages concerning the welfare of our civilization. I have tried to share this with several government and news agencies, and no one is interested in what I have to share. Whenever I think of giving up on getting this message out to the public, I get a feeling of despair that is almost overwhelming. The message that I feel I was given is also very clear in my head, and almost overwhelming at times. I fear that I cannot be adamant and clear enough to do the message justice. I have taken and passed a polygraph test, scoring <.01 deception, the best score you can get on a polygraph. I am willing to take more polygraph test if necessary, I will even bet thousands of dollars if anyone is willing to call me out on my encounter. I have been trying to share this for over a year now, and no one in authority is interested. The messages were about social evolution and pollution worldwide. The need to rid ourselves of tyrants, religious dictators, and corporate owned governments ( basically the whole world needs to change the corrupt ways the governments are run ) We also need to close all nuclear power plants, and go with renewable energy. On renewable energy I got a feeling of using the earths magnetic fields, or electro-magnetic devices, not so clear on that part, as I am not very knowledgeable about that stuff. This is a true statement and I have been as open and honest as I can about my encounter with this UFO.
