{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-02-29 23:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484911","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74893","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2481,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/911/mufon-5484911.json","updb_database_id":5484911}
{jpg} Lights everywhere hovering and beaming lights on us. Sometimes hurts my leg and the beamed light makes fogs and chokes us. There is static everywhere. It blinds vision sometimes. There's plane - like things zipping around and one huge bright light.

Lights hovering everywhere in trees around us. Lights in our field and hovering on the 171 hwy.. beaming lights on us thru windows and beaming lights on us if we have phones outside with us.. the beams make my leg cramp up (I have an ancient Egyptian rune tattoo on that very leg that stands for energy) the beams cause fog and in our house, the lights grow and expand causing electronic like fog in our home that makes it hard to breathe a little bit. When that happens and we try to look at them outside again, it's impossible bc they produce a static harsher than before that like sticks to our eyes and we cannot see.. it makes even the door seem to morph.. it's so very un realistic! It sounds crazy but we are 3 people seeing this VERY often here in Moss Bluff. We have one huge light I'm our back field that will zip aorund, fly up, show us all sides of its lights all over it and shoot off.. it's like the only real ship we keep seeing. It's still a ball like shape. There's all colored balls of light moving. Blue, red, orange, gold, etc... it's like a rainbow! They have tails, sometimes headlights and some of those headlights randomly jump up over our neighbors fences and go down and zip around in their yards.. I've had personal encounter with am extraterrestrial being.. and ever since then I feel so magnified when these lights come out. There has to be some type of alien dna or object within me. I'm trying so hard to speak to someone about the insane events I've been through. These lights are little compared to such. I know they're out there.. contact me for the big story, PLEASE! I want to get this out there!
