{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-30 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498911","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60246","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3233,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/911/mufon-5498911.json","updb_database_id":5498911}
UFO sightings continuously for about two to three weeks

I usually go to roof top of my house alone during evening just to time pass and do phone calls. I will be there for many hours.on that day(sept.7, 8.oo pm evening)As i was in phone,suddenly i saw something is travelling from east to west.At first i thought it may be an aeroplane.Later i realised, there is no aeroplane line on that day except friday and sunday. and that too it looked absolutely as it is star(star size with white light) is travelling and without sound that is not the characteristic of aeroplane.After sometimes it returned and flew in the same path.Then i went down.
 The next day i saw this in the same path at 7.00pm evening.the same object i think,but i couldnt see the shape since it is dark.I confused whether it is UFO.I scared and then i decided to not to go to the rooftop for about a week.Then after a week,i went up.It was dusk as day is started to vanish.I stood there and gazed over the sky..within a minute a red randomly blinking object flew in the same path coming from west to east.with no sound.It was too fast that it came from far and flew in the same path.Then i immediately went down terrified that it just surveiling me.
 After two days i went up to just look if it is there or what.I saw it flying in another direction which is closer to my house, not far enough.It was with blinking red the same i saw before two days.then I realised that it is continuously surrounding our area during evening.I REALLY GOT FRIGHTENED as it may abduct. I informed to my husband but he never took it seriously.i couldnt sleep at night thinking of it and fearing of it.
 then after two days i witnessed it at the beach area the same type.and it was also during night.I wonder people never seeing this.It flew to some distant blinking red color and stood still.so everyone could not recognise easily as it seems as a star.I did not go outside frightening this. On sept.30,9.30pm evening, as i opened gate for my husband who is about to park vehicle inside as he came after outing, I SAW THE OBJECT ABSOLUTELY FACING ME SEEMS VERY NEARER TO ME AND DIRECTLY BEHIND MY HUSBAND(about to park the vehicle inside). It has no sound and standing stationarily blinking red colour. i could not find its shape due to this blinking light. but i think it may be dome shaped. stood for only 2 minutes and i couldnt notice how it vanished. as he parked inside we immediately went up to see this. but couldt find it.I was totally scarred as it seems surveilling me or looking for anything around that area. I Couldnt believe this and really concerned as it may abduct me.
