{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-16 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522611","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33432","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2473,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/611/mufon-5522611.json","updb_database_id":5522611}
Three unidentified aircrafts were witnessed within 30 minutes. Two were a triangle shape and the third was in a Y-shape. They were completely silent with no lights.

In downtown Iowa City at approximately 9:45 p.m. on 11-16-2011, two witnesses noticed a triangle-shaped object flying slowly a few hundred feet in the air. They were having a conversation in a parking lot with little lighting when one of them noticed something moving in the air about 500 feet away from them. The area has highly regulated air traffic, as it is close to a hospital, so it ruled out their original idea that it was a military aircraft. It was also much too large to be remote controlled or a toy of some sort. The aircraft was silent and had no lights, so they could barely see it moving. It traveled south until it was completely out of sight.

About 15 minutes later, a very similar, or possibly the same aircraft came from the north, traveling south on the same path. It was traveling faster this time, but changed direction slightly before getting out of sight range.

The third sighting was 5-10 minutes later, in the exact same area and flight path, but the aircraft was shaped differently. The most accurate way to describe it was a peace sign, without the ring around it. The actual craft was dark, but it had white lines that extended on each branch and score marks that crossed those white lines. It wasn't like anything either of the witnesses had ever seen before. The aircraft was traveling slowly south-bound, then hovered above a building that was across the street for about 5-10 seconds. After that, it tilted and took off quickly going south in the same path that the previous aircrafts had gone. It quickly was out of sight because it also had no lights and was silent. The only reason the witnesses could see the white lines was because of the reflection from the few street lights.
