{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-04 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517611","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40186","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4120,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/611/mufon-5517611.json","updb_database_id":5517611}
{ck} 2 dark gray triangles red light in center which was wavering pulsing like but never out completely

Sitting and waiting for the fireworks at the Alachua Rec center I saw 2 wavering pulsating red lights. At first they appeared to be at the same altitude. I told my wife to watch those 2 lights as the redness was not as intense as the usual airplane/helicopter lights and they were not flashing on and off but flickering sort of kind of like what a jet engine on a fighter plane looks when it is at night and kicking in afterburners but not as sharp or bright. My wife and I are both avid meteor shower enthusiasts and know the commercial flight patterns very well. We are always looking up.

I looked at the time as soon as I the lights come into view it was 9 pm eastern. Appox 3 minutes into watching these 2 the shape became apparent they were Triangular and the intensity of the observation increased. At 3 minutes into the sighting the rear or trailing triangle seemed to go into reverse and climbed rapidly (less that 10 seconds) until it was out of sight. The remaining triangle stopped and remained stationary for appox. 1 minute then it also appeared to go backwards and up rapidly and in another 10 seconds give or take was up and out of sight.

The objects were coming out of the northwest and I would say the height was much lower than commercial aircraft that are in the cruising altitude, in fact I would say they were the usual altitude of say a news helicopter or a plane preparing to land 10 miles from the airport. At least that is how it appeared. We live about 8 to 10 miles from Gainesville airport and when a commercial jet is on the landing process it looked like the right altitude, sorry i don't know how many feet that was. The size of the triangles was appox the same size as a commercial jet from that altitude. They left no visable trail i could see and made no noise. Of course the rec center was chock full of people and noise but I believe I would have been able to hear a jet or helicopter because I was intently observing these objects. The entire sighting lasted appox 5 minutes. There were no other aircraft in the area but there were several small helium filled balloons the kids were given The fireworks started at 9:30 pm sharp which was 25 minutes after these objects disappeared from view. 

All in all my wife and I were very calm and analytical. As soon as they were out of sight we watched the area for several minutes to see if they would return and they did not. There were no other fireworks displays in the distance so I ruled that out, plus fireworks do not follow a trajectory as these did. I then tried to text a friend who was in military intelligence and had quite a lot of experience in these matters. My cell phone would not send a message nor would it let a call go through. My 14 yr old daughter was at the rec center and was walking around with her friends I tried to text her to no avail A voice call did not go thru either. the phone gave me a message stating there was trouble with a connection after each attempt. Finally after 4 or 5 minutes I managed to resend my texts successfully. 

Neither my wife or I had no aberrant feelings like fear or dread. We were of course a tad excited about the sighting ,but, I believe that would be considered a normal reaction. I tried to take a cell phone picture but the phone was slow to load the camera because i set it to save to the micro SD chip instead of internal memory plus I was watching the 2 objects intently.
