{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-10 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525611","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30124","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3505,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/611/mufon-5525611.json","updb_database_id":5525611}
Wife, son and myself observed two fireball objects moving slowly from East to Northwest.

On the night of July 10th 2011 at approximately 10:30 p.m. in Durant, Oklahoma my son Zakk and wife Bonnie called for me to come outside to observe some strange phenomina located just a few degrees east of the 3/4 wanning moon. It appeared to be some sort of chemtrail or other bizzare cloud formation coming from the south and trailing to the north.

I told them my thoughts on this being that I have studied astronomy and have made a hobby of telescope observations for some 25 yrs. I also have 20 yrs in Law Enforcement and Security training. We watched the hot summer skies for a few moments and then we all returned inside, as I was heading in, my wife said "don't forget the trash", as all wifes are good at... 

At approximately 10:45 p.m. I had gathered the trash and was heading out the front door which faces due East. As I approached the trash can by the road I noticed a bright reddish light coming through the trees accross the street. I first thought that it was various electric pole lights shining through. I noticed that it seemed to be moving at a fairly slow speed, that of a helicopter, we live close to the hospital and always see and hear Lifeflight choppers coming in to the hospital. This was different, it had no sound which I was listening for and was a fireball, twice the size of Antares the red star of Scorpio. I would estimate 25 feet in diameter. I paused a few seconds waiting as usual to see it desentigrate, it continued on its flight path from beyound the tree in the East heading at a slow pace toward the Northwest. I then realized this was something unusual, dropped the trash and ran in the house, I told my son who was at the computer to get his mom (she was in bed)and hurry to come outside. I then returned after 5 seconds or so expecting the object to be gone, I noticed that it was still heading in the same direction only slightly dimmer. My Wife and son and I watched as it vanished into the Northwest horizon, my wife and I were saying that it appeared to be a plane or some object on fire? but "no sound"? my wife then said this has been a weird night which my son and I agreed. We then observed in the same location to the East another fireball object from behind the same tree heading in the same flight path 'no sound;. As I was explaining to my wife the events, we all three noticed another silvery object shoot by from East to West at the blink of an eye. My Wife and I have spent numoruos nights observing the Leoniods meteor showers and others throughout the years and have never seen these events.
We all felt excited and in ahh to have witnessed this event.
These events are as accurate and honost to the best of my abilities.
We made no 911 calls for we believe noone was in danger and for the fear of being rediculed.

Thank you,

Ron Gilmore

July 11th 2011
