{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491611","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67951","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2843,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/611/mufon-5491611.json","updb_database_id":5491611}
I don't why but i think that UFO was observing me

so it was a pleasant evening and i was just standing in my balcony talking to my girlfriend i was just looking at the stars it was a clear dark sky. it was a no moon light with a beautiful sky. i suddenly saw a orangish-red i knew exactly knew what it was. it was a UFO. i could tell because i am a researcher on this topic for a long time now because of an incident that happened with me when i was 9.i love to research on aliens and UFO'S. so that thing was around the corner of my building and then it came hovering in the front and that thing was like 800 ft above my head it was scary cause once it came above my head it stopped i kept on observing it. my phone started fluctuating it's signal strength and it was like i went through time loop . why i am saying this because when i saw the duration of the call it was 14 mins bt after i stared observing the UFO when i checked my phone again it showed 25 mins my gf was shouting "hello??? hello are there??? hello???" i said i didn't go anywhere it felt like seconds bt about 10 mins had passed by!!! i cut the phone call call and quickly clicked a pic of the UFO. it started to hover once again this time towards east . it was hovering at at a very slow speed no helicopter or plane could do that. it disappeared for 2-3 mins. it once again came in the front stopped for 3 mins approx. and then suddenly it it went up in the sky with a blink of an eye. i know that i'm reporting this really late bt i found the MUFON site a little late. i have   
all their episodes on history tv 18. after this incident there have been 4 more sightings around my area. just after the incident a plane flied the same path of departure of that UFO that was in my guesses was tracking of an UFO's activicties thereafter. thank you for reading.
