{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1963-04-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490611","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68969","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5504,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/611/mufon-5490611.json","updb_database_id":5490611}
taken multiple nights

53 Springfield Street Nottingham UK...1963...i was 4 years old and in bed sleeping...i was awoken by presence in bedroom...there were 3 small greyish
entities beside bed...they resembled fish men from "Stingray"...complete with ridges on head and face...i was initially paralysed and could only move eyes...the next thing i remember was flying through room down passageway landing and down stairs...one of them flew with me one was on floor and i dont know where third went... after that i have no memory...this happened multiple times...on waking i would find that my pj top was on inside out and i would have sore eyes and on one occasion my eyes were so heavily encrusted that i awoke screaming that i was blind.. ...they were so bad that mum had to bathe them with warm water for 5 minutes before i could open them...also i became light and noise sensitive and my behaviour changed, im told i became hypervigilant hyperactive, refused to go to bed and more introverted...i often awoke with nosebleeds.. needless to say i was terrified..

20 Grover Avenue Mapperley Nottingham...1972 1200-0400 hrs
bright white light outside bedroom window...presence in room..next thing im flying inside bedroom then im flying above street outside..no ufo or alien sighting but the next thing is that i was in a classroom, everything was white, including the "blackboard", the like of which was novel for me...there were other children who were like me there...there were 10-15 of us of mixed ages between approx 6 and 14...we were all taught the same stuff, which seemed strange, but i cant remember what it was...the tutor was not human but i cant remember what... this happened multiple times

Steedman Avenue Mapperley Nottingham...Summer 1973 10-!!pm...came out of friends house...without looking i immediately became aware of bright white light in
starry night sky that was looking at me! ...instead of heading directly home 
i went the other way...the light followed me...after 200m i changed direction
the light followed me ..i tried this another two times and on each occasion the light changed direction to follow me...i ran home scared

Lambley Dumbles Lambley Nottingham 1200hrs approx...camping in fields with 
2 friends...lying on back watching stars i noticed huge white light in sky
...shortly after this a smaller light seemed to come out of larger light orbit it and then disappear behind it.A week later i returned and saw same
About his time i was bought a digital watch...i was unable to wear it 
as every time i did it malfunctioned....initially we thought it was
faulty but after two replacements it was obvious it was me...i also 
became mildly psychic knowing things eg.. i was in local supermarket
and lady cutting cheese to order...i ordered a pound of cheese and she cut
it exactly to weight...the next thing i know i tell her that she will do this three more times... the next customer ordered a pound and she cut it
exactly...she then said that well see if u are right and cut a further to pieces off the block...they both weighed exactly a pound...my friend was present and very surprised...as i was
About this time i became aware of a piece of metal in the heel of my foot...it was greyish about one fifth size of matchstick...i have no idea how it got there and i would be aware of pain if i had trodden on it...

7 sunset avenue woodford green essex 1984? 1200-0200 approx.. in bed.. awoke paralysed with bright white light outside window, presence in room...the bed size was betwen single and double...i was between sheets...my whole body was moved from one side of bed to the other sliding but without rucking the sheets...i reported this to local ufo group but cant recollect which one...they came and interviewed me...

14 magdala road nottingham 1994...0200-0400..in bed paralysed...pierced by brilliant white light in forehead...i had series of 3 visions...when i awoke i had the sense that i was not the same person who went to sleep...
visions were of flooded suburban area, colosseum in rome and woman pouring water onto globe of earth...

as above 1995 0200-0400... in bed paralysed...suddenly i could see through bedroom wall, living room wall and two other houses to view a house on an adjacent street, someone or thing is calling my name and trying to get me to go there...neddless to say i didnt...i had same thing but this time it was about going to moss side in manchester...

Over the years i have had multiple sleep paralysis incidents...i am unable to recall times and dates...i have also had a lot of psychic experiences that seem to be indirectly related...also i have been to that classroom on multiple occasions over the years

i believe my health has suffered from contact... i suffer from cluster headaches, fibromyalgia, low thyroid function, anxiety and depression,...
i have been in wheelchair for past 7 years...
