{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-14 20:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508611","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49851","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2941,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/611/mufon-5508611.json","updb_database_id":5508611}
{kt}Late evening walk in city of Surprise we witnessed amber/orange orbs

The evening of August 14th, 2013, my wife and 9 year old son and I went for a walk. We usually walk about 30 minutes in the evening almost every night and at about 20 minutes into the walk we saw what we thought was a single airplane that had suddenly appeared at about 30 to 35 degrees above the horizon. I can only guess that it must be a few miles south west of the Luke Air Force base immediately to our southwest. I didn't remember seeing it the moment before but we were engaged in conversation. As I watched it, it appeared to be stationary and a much duller color than the fighter jets that we normally see traversing the skyway. It was silent but it was so far away that didn't bother me as jets at that same distance would have been virtually silent where we were. The fighter jets we normally see had a bright almost car-headlight white light when approaching you. These orbs (for lack of a better term) were a much dimmer yellow/orange or amber color. I drew my wifes attention to it and while I was discussing with her what it could be, it appeared to move to the right about 1 time its own width and behind it was another amber light. Then it appeared that another light moved from directly behind it to the left and revealed itself from behind the second one. This continued to happen on both sides of the first light/orb until it appears there was a straight line of 8 yellow lights, further convincing me these were not military aircraft. The whole time the hovered and never rose or decreased in altitude. They only moved left and right slowly and smoothly. Once they reached the stopping point they appeared to hover like this for several minutes and then slowly faded out like someone had them on a dimmer switch and faded them from full brightness (which was not really bright to begin with) to completely dark within 2.5 seconds in a nice smooth fadeout. As soon as the outermost one on the right faded completely out, the next 3 to its left faded out and finally all faded out except for the first orb. Then after 10 seconds or so of it being the final, remaining orb, it too then faded out completely. Then all were gone. They appeared to be southwest of the Air base and I would say they might be over Goodyear, Az or almost to the Estrella Mountain range.
