{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1985-10-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514611","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43595","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2815,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/611/mufon-5514611.json","updb_database_id":5514611}
move a meter,pause,move a meter pause,west to east

I was sitting in my hunting stand on a seismic/pipeline a few kilometers south of whitecourt Alberta, a couple hundred yards east of highway 31. I didn't hear anything and didn't notice till it was only maybe 30-40 yrds away. It was hovering at about 2 feet above the ground moving west to east. It would move a few feet, pause a few seconds, move a few feet and pause a few seconds and proceeded like this till it was directly below my stand. My 30-30 was resting between my crossed feet and the object was so close at this point i had to look down the side of my scope as i sliped the safety off. the object only apeeared to be as big as a beachball till i slipped the safety off at which point it changed size to 10 to 20 feet in diameter. At this time i was able to observe an entity looking out a window or portal at me. I made a head motion of reconigtion as i put the saftey back on while lowering my rifle. the entity nodded back, this all happened quickly. The object changed immediately back to small size and proceded to continue moving like it was when i 1st. noticed it. I felt shaken by this event and about 2 minutes later when i looked it was gone and i believed it merely turned north or south on the next seismic line that was only about 100 ft east of my position. I have had another experience while with a seismic crew in the Handhills area east of Reddeer Alberta. a few of us on the crew witnessed 3 birds out of 7 disappear in mid flight. we walked over to the spot and their was a window type object floating in the air about 15 feet above ground. We tossed rocks and sticks thru the appariton and they were gone. I have thought of these events everyday since and wish an explanation could be offered. I have had other events i witnessed, sometimes in the presence of others that i have never been able to understand and would like to talk to someone with knowledge of these occurances. While with a seismic crew in Conklin, we heard an incredible noise very much like the recent noise heard in that area, only we heard it 20 yrs earlier. We didn't have cell phone cameras back then, i wish we did. I would be happy to draw some of the events i saw.
