{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-07-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527611","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28012","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7464,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/611/mufon-5527611.json","updb_database_id":5527611}
object hovered over car - shot outward - across the horizon - back then straight out

When I was 5 or 6 (in 1973 or 1974), my parents and I were in Centerville, Maine, where my father had been born - we lived in central Maine, but went Downeast often to visit family, put flowers on the grave in town every Memorial Day, would go up to the old house where Dad grew up, which was no longer habitable, and would stay with my Aunt in town about 15 minutes away.

During one visit we had visited the old house and then were camping out by sleeping in the car, and old Rambler where the front seats folded down. We were parked on top of the hill by the cemetery and it was a clear night, stars were out, and not a soul around. Centerville is 1out in the woods1 and a ways from anything, and at the time there were only a few families living in town. My Uncle1s house was back down the road behind us, and some cousins down the hill in front of us.

We had been asleep a while and it had taken me a while to go to sleep as I was scared about the bears 1 lots of them in the area, but my Mom and Dad assured me we were safe. I was also afraid of the dark, and while the stars were out, was a very dark night, so my mom laid next to me. The car was parked on the right side of the road facing what I think is East. I was laying on the left side of the car 1 driver1s side, closest to the pavement.

I remember waking up and hearing a loud noise, a very loud and high-pitched whirring sound. Not like a fan really, but I guess more like a blender, but smooth.
I also remember it was very light in the car and I didn1t understand why. I could hear my parents talking and my Mom asking my Dad what is that, what is going, etc1

My Dad opened the door on the right side of the car and said 1Stay there.1 When he got out he just stood beside the door facing forward. My Mom kept asking 1What is it, what1s wrong..1 He didn1t answer and her voice got more frantic as she kept asking. She was always calm so I started getting scared then.

She then climbed out behind my dad and I was not going to be left alone so I opened the driver1s side door and climbed out.

We were on top of a hill 1 lots of hills in the area 1 and when I got out I looked up and there in front of us 1 but out away from the hill and a little up, maybe 50 feet or so, was a very bright group of lights. I did not think of it as any sort of 1object1 as all I could see were lights. Very bright, white light all around, which lit up the car, the road, the whole top of the hill. I could see the gate to the cemetery at the top of the stairs clearly to my left and my Mom and Dad on the right side of the car (the hill dropped off down to the right).

They were just standing there 1 my Dad partly behind the right-side car door and my Mom between him and the car. They were just staring up at the lights. Not saying a word, not moving.

So I looked back at the lights. The whirring sound was so loud and seemed to keep getting louder and louder. In amongst the white lights was colored lights. They were moving or blinking or something, but I don1t remember any sort of pattern, just the colors. I remember the blues ands the reds, may have been others, but those I remember clearly.

I don1t know how long we stood there, I just remember looking at the lights and not moving. I didn1t feel afraid, and didn1t run to my Mom or Dad. I just stood there like they were.

The suddenly the sound got wicked loud and the lights just zoomed away from us 1 not all the far 1 but to above the top of the next big hill, maybe a mile or so. It stayed there 10 or seconds maybe and then went zoom to the right 1 almost parallel - and suddenly was over the trees a good ways to the right. Must have been a couple miles I guess. Suddenly it zoomed again and this time to the left and slightly away from us and was at least a few miles off, so went quite aways in an instant. The whirring never stopped and seemed just as loud.

The next thing I remember was that it was suddenly back in front of us, the whirring sound got so loud and it hurt and the light started to just go straight out away from us and up at the same time. This time it was not sudden and in a flash, just fast, and I watched it disappear into the stars.

My Dad was then beside me pushing me into the car. I started to cry and scream asking what is going on. My Dad said nothing, my Mom had gotten into the passenger1s front seat and Dad did turned on the car, and did a u-turn, and started driving. I kept crying and neither one of them said a word. My Mom just started rubbing my arm as I was leaning over the front seat.

He drove to my Aunt1s house about 15 minutes away and the whole way neither one said anything about what just happened. All my Mom said was to my Dad 1Slow down, you1re going to fats 1 slow down!1

I remember we woke my Aunt up banging on the door. I was still crying and she was asking why we were there, what was wrong, why didn1t we stay up in Centerville. I don1t remember the rest of that night, but later when I tried to ask my Mom and Dad about the lights they just told me it was nothing and as I got older and would tell the story my Dad refused to even acknowledge it happened. He would leave the room, just not say a word.

I have no idea if it is related, but years later in 1996 I had an arterial rupture in my lower intestines and started bleeding. I had to have blood transfusions and they went in through my backside into my intestines to put in a medical clamp. After I came to the doctor asked me when did I have surgery down there. I told him I never had. He said yes I did. I had had some kind of surgery in my lower intestines/rectum. I asked my Dad if something had happened I could not remember when I was a kid (I had my tonsil out I remembered) and he said no, nothing. I kept asking are you sure, the doctors said I did and he said no.

After we saw the lights I had several strange experiences at home, which I just chalked up to being a kid sensitive to paranormal things. There was the man floating in my closet, the glowing man kneeling beside my bed when I was awake and could not move and could hear my parents in their bedroom getting up. I also had a 1vision1 of seeing myself out side with my dog playing in the dark 1 I was afraid of the dark so made no sense 1 but the next morning when my Mom woke me up my pajamas had mud on them, but the front door was still locked from the inside, so they used to talk about that wondering how I had gotten mud on me. Another time I saw a strange face in the front door window looking in at me and it was not a man1s face.

Could they be all related to the lights that night? I don1t know 1 could be something else, but I do know what we saw that night was not normal, was no plane or anything else as nothing moves like that.
