{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-16 14:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452611","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109028","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2784,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/611/mufon-5452611.json","updb_database_id":5452611}
black blinking then hidden in clouds - with impression of awareness of being watch then leave

I went watching the sky, like with a hunch. I had to watch the sky.
I was at my hunting camp with friends, when I left for the west side of the balcony that lead to a moose watch tower.
I was looking at a blue sky with far away clouds low on the horizon, and some scatter small clouds over and behind me. I suddenly saw a black rectangle blinking, like it was just like 4 # on each corner that just disappeared as quickly as they appeared. The area had just now four little clouds (from the 4 corners of the object) growing fast and merging together to make a perfect rectangle of a rather dark cloud. I could see a darker rectangle in the cloud.
One of my friend - not a "believer" in UFO - arrived next to me. She was just ecstatic about the beautiful day and she told me how lucky we were to be there.
Without leaving my eyes off the object, I told her that I just witnessed a UFO appeared and hiding in the square cloud that was rather out of place in the middle of the blue sky.
Laughing, she told me "do you think they know we are watching them?!" She was sarcastic, but I was totally giving all my attention to the object, and I thought it was a good idea to ask them... telepathically. 
I was so surprised to feel a total surprise from their part, and also a feeling of being upset, that I just said to my friend "now they know. They are not happy and they are leaving."
The cloud almost immediately change to a lighter color. And both of us witnessed a smaller and much higher, farther away small black rectangle appear.
The first cloud was dissipating very quickly, and the smaller square also disappeared in less than a minute.
My friend just don't want to talk about it anymore.
I had my phone in my pocket all the time, and the first thought of taking a photograph came 20 minutes latter...
Pictures attached with shapes seen and typical view, latter that day.
