{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-15 04:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487788","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71866","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3103,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/788/mufon-5487788.json","updb_database_id":5487788}
{jpg} X74 drone hovered over communication towers behind Home Depot Department store

'm not sure of the day and month that my sighting took place, but it was in 2014. And judging from the number of sightings that took place in or around this year and location, it could have very well been the same craft. I work 3rd shift at a local factory in Flowery Branch Ga. My lunch break, at that time, would have been 4:00 am till 4:30 am. I had walked out to a friends car that I was riding back and forth to work with to eat lunch. I always eat lunch in my vehicle and listen to the radio. (coast to coast). As I cleared the North end of the building head to the car, I seen a red light off in the near distance. About 10 miles from my location. I didn't think much of it at first thinking it was a red warning like on a near by tower. I eat my lunch, and then walked 25 yards to a designated smoking area on the corner of the parking lot. As I left the car, I noticed the red light once again, but this time I felt it was something else. There were 2 other co-workers already siting on the curb as I walked up. I made a half hearted statement saying, "I'm not taking my eye off that light till it moves!" At that very moment, the object started moving straight at us and climbing to the right at the same time. It couldn't have been more then a 1000 feet over our heads. I got a clear view of what I was looking at. It had a spread V shape wing figure to it, dark, seemed to hardly make any noise. (I do wear hearing aids) My comment to the other co-workers with me was, "it looks like a F117 stealth fighter jet!" Soon after, we all when back in to work. Not much discussion was made about it. Later the next day, it stuck in my mind that the craft was to low and seem smaller then what I would think the size of a F117 would be. So, I got on the internet and started doing a little research. What I found out was, we were looking at a X74 drone. At that time, it was still considered a top secret aircraft. "Why Gainesville", I asked myself. A few months later I was at a local shopping center (Home Depot) at the end of Mcever rd. in Gainesville, at the exact location I believed the craft was hovering at. (that's right, I said "hovering") Behind the stores is a cliff hill. At the top of the cliff are communication towers. Whether or not, that was the reason for a drone to be there is anyone's guess. It could have been no more then a training operation. But, here's my report of what I seen that night.
