{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-18 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515788","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42355","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3454,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/788/mufon-5515788.json","updb_database_id":5515788}
(GS) was watching 2 jets flying west to east, noticed a 3rd jet heading same direction, then saw a glint of metal like object under 3rd jet, went outside. It came forward in my direction

I was walking downstairs, (I have a window across from stairs), about 1/2 way down I stopped to watch 2 jets flying west to east leaving the white exhaust trail. I then noticed a 3rd jet flying in same direction and was focused on it when I noticed a glint of silver under the jets. It made me curious enough to go outside to see the object clearer.  I wasnt really sure what I was seeing, but it was in the sky not moving at all I didn't know if it was a helicopter or what. There was no noise as I walked up to the street (all this time the object stayed in same place) as I reached the street the object (shape of spark plug, silver in color (I put unknown color because you don't have silver listed), with round silver spinning center) started to come forward towards me. I ran back to house to get phone /camera, I came back out, and as I started taking pictures it receded back to first area I saw it,(1/2 mile back west, over the canal/ water over flow system, it then receded further till it was a dark spot) I was out there 15 minutes at least when I lost sight of the object due to incoming clouds, and went back in house.
I kept going out every 10 to 15 minutes looking to see if I could spot it again. At 9:45 I walked back out, and saw a kid riding past on a bike, I turned northward(right) to go back in and an orange/red object (shaped like a sparkplug, long part was all orange rotating center was orange/red) appx 15 to 20 ft long, raised at a 45 degree angle popped out from behind a tree maybe 20/25 feet off ground, and 250 ft from my sidewalk. At that time it actually looked like it rolled out from behind the tree, and the rotating center was just starting to spin. I saw a distinct orange color and then the red as it started to spin it became orange/red and spun faster and faster. 
I ran the 15ft to my door and hollered to my son calling his name 3 times then come,come, Come NOW!!! I ran back as my son came slowly outside. When I got back there it started pulling away slowly at first then bam it was the size of a orange/red planet (thats when my son first saw it) and he said "are you talking about that orange/red planet". I barely got "keep watching" out of my mouth and it got as small as a tiny star, then disappeared. I kept asking my son "can you see that planet size any more? , can you see how small it got?, do you see it any more? How many planets have you seen disappear in 10 seconds"?



Do not publish the following please!!! I had just submitted my 1st report ever around 4-4:30 am on 8-18-12 my previous case # is 41823. It took me around 2 years to finally push that submit button, as I cancled my report time after time.
