{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-02-01 20:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496788","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62590","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3689,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/788/mufon-5496788.json","updb_database_id":5496788}
{cak} saw lights about 600 yards away, it started moving across the field then turn and came up to us about 45 yards away

We were in Huntington Beach on Hamilton street between Bushard st. and Magnolia ave. Jan. or Feb. 1967. I was with two friends on our way to the Golden Bear night club to see The Paul Butterfield blues Band. We stopped on the way because my friends wanted to smoke a joint before we got there. Back then if you got stopped by the police and they smelled pot they would arrest you, so we didn't want to take a chance of getting stopped so we pulled over and got out of the car. I was just standing there looking around. I saw what I thought was some people working on an oil Derrek, then it started moving that's when I thought it was a utility truck. I said "Hey, there's some people over there" one of my friends came over and I said "do you see that?" he said "yeah, what is it?" By this time I was sure it wasn't a utility truck because it was moving smoothly across the field, it wasn't bouncing like it would if it was driving on the rough field. I replied "I don't know". We watched it move across the field from east to west and past us a little. I again said "what is that? That's when it turned and started coming toward us. It came right up to us to where we both got a good look at it and realized it was nothing I had ever seen before on Earth. That's when we both yelled out. I yelled out "God" I was scared like never before. That's when my other friend turned around from lighting the joint in the wind and smoking as much as he could before passing it to my other friend who was so scared at this time that he didn't want any of it. When I yelled "God" the thing disappeared and we started looking around for it when I spotted it about where I first saw it but a little higher than at first. I said "there it is" that's when we all saw it. All the lights on it went out and a big red light came on the bottom of it. It didn't blink, it looked like a red laser light. It started rising straight up a few hundred feet and stopped, then a blinking white light came out of it and started moving all around, then it would return to the red light. The red light would move approx. 1/4 mile in the sky. The weird thing about that is you could see the red light coming on as you could see it going out at the same time. Another white blinking light would come out of it and move all around the area and then return and the red light would do this again with the white light moving all over. That's when we made a dash to the car and got out of there. I could still see it out the back window. When we got to the Golden Bear everybody was inside and they weren't letting anybody in. We sat in the benches in the middle of Coast Highway where they had a rest area. About ten minutes later everybody started coming out of the Golden Bear, we just assumed that we got the time wrong. There are other things that went on but I was so scared I can't really remember what they where. I do have other parts I haven't mentioned but they are hard to describe.
