{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-11 18:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459788","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101682","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3852,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/788/mufon-5459788.json","updb_database_id":5459788}
{rjl} Witnessed 3 Triangular Shaped Crafts in the Backyard of My Residents

Approximately on the date of February the 11'th 2011, on a Friday evening as I was preparing to relax for my weekend without my kids, I was walking upstairs into my Master Bedroom Bathroom and it was not even quite dark outside, when I started hearing this estranged noise coming from outside. I was distracted by the noise while I was using the restroom- as I did have the window open that was located in my bathroom to let air in to air out my room (as I normally did when the weather was nice).. So once finished with using the rest room, something told me to take a look outside and I did. Upon glancing outside of my window, I noticed in the woods, in which is not that far from my window, that there were these balls(or orbs) of lights and the way that they appeared were as if they were arranging in some sort of orbal movement. So after being bewildered of what they were, I got myself together to take another look and this time I shut off all the lights to ensure that I wasn't creating any type of disturbia while trying to adjust, in my mentally, what I was watching. So after a few more moments, I saw the same orbs of lights lock into a pyramidal fashion all of a sudden. Once this happened I started to hear what it sounds like a plane or something of that sort - an ascending sound occur, and then witnessed a craft(the best way I can explain it) Ascend from the same position as the lights and it appeared as some sort of craft that was Triangular Shaped - and Tetris like makeup with a Greenish Bluish Turquois coloring, and I remember looking at the details of the siding of this craft- and noticed hieroglyphics on the side of the craft(some type of writing) that only reminds me of something Ancient Samaritan. And as I saw this, it seemed as if time was frozen for a second (No wind, no birds, no aircrafts)- And mind you, we stayed by the RDU airport, but there was nothing in the sky but this craft. I froze for a second, but yet watched in amazement, as it then took it's path to the east of where I was standing. But as sure as that craft left, I heard another noise- same as before the first craft, and then second one appeared, as if it was allotting a certain of time to timely follow the first craft. At this point, I am full of mixed emotions and just stunned, and amazed and the same time. So once the second craft left, following the same path as the first one- gliding right behind it, I noticed that those same orbs of lights, where still showing in the woods. And I said to myself- surely there is not another one, there can't be another one of these crafts still in the woods. Low and behold, it was! And The 3rd craft began to Ascend as the other two, however, the different with this one is that it stopped midway the trees, and the orbs of lights that I saw, were released from the craft and then dissipated on the grounds of the woods prior to it Ascending all the way above the trees, and then following the path of the other two crafts. Just total Dismay and a whole lot of questioning. Like why- what were they doing, why did they come here, and what was released into the wood flooring or grounds of the woods and the purpose of it all..
