{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-07-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489788","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69818","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2960,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/788/mufon-5489788.json","updb_database_id":5489788}
{jpg} Mass abduction, multiple times, at Pena Adobe Summer Camp

When: during the summer of 1977 (my best guess as to the year), during the day (probably between 10am and 2pm) as it was only a day camp.
Where: at Pena Adobe historical site, abutting Interstate 80, north of Fairfield, and just before Vacaville on Pena Adobe Road,on the East side of the highway..

These accounts have been delved from my memory and subconscious years following the events.
My search for understanding started when I began to self analyze why I had had recurring nightmares, for years after that summer, of a large, bleach white, cow's thigh bone chasing me. A bizarre, and somewhat ridiculous thing to be scared of. Even after the dreams stopped I had a persistent fear of the image in my mind. I was never scared of an actual cow's thighbone though. I discovered that the large white thigh bone was actually an alien, humanoid in shape, white, and somewhere about my size.

Throughout the weeks I was at camp I had a number of instances of missing time leaden with fear.

The most detailed experience is of the counselors taking a large group of us kids on a walk; then waking up on the ground (with a gap in my memory of how I'd gotten there). Everyone on the hike awoke on the ground in a clearing. I have an image of numerous aliens some taller and brilliantly white, and other shorter ones, in some way interacting with people. I recall someone noticing something weird with their watch. I'm not sure what. There seemed to be a transition between the time when people who were awake and were alright with the aliens' presence and when people started to return to 'normal' awareness and be bothered by what had happened and was going on. Eventually we all continued with our normal camp activities, but a number of kids were sent home early (or the entire camp?) due to a sudden illness that was going around. I know many people were out of sorts and upset the rest of that day.

I also have images of being amongst the trees there and a small alien there - and I have a terrible fear of being taken.

Another time I remember an image of a large glowing thing hovering over part of the camp. It is luminous, possibly ovoid, primarily glowing white with multiple other colors mixed in. I remember feeling something from it, as if it made a sound,but it didn't.
