{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-16 19:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495437","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64001","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3055,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/437/mufon-5495437.json","updb_database_id":5495437}
{cak} I witnessed an orangish...

Orb/disc object with some sort of light on top but I couldn't tell the top lights color for sure it was maybe green. It was flying faster than I've ever seen something fly before. It would make a hundred eighty degree turn and be full speed in a split second. When airplanes turn they make large banking turns, yet this object made precise fluid turns on a dime that would kill a pilot from the G forces if they were flying this object. It made a pattern in the sky like two S's on top of each other while lowering it's altitude and then shot off westbound angled at about a 55 to 60 degree angle towards the sky disappearing in the blink of an eye. The whole sighting last maybe a minute or less. I first thought it was Venus because when I first witnessed it it was just hovering stationary in the sky. Then I thought it was just a plane that was moving very slowly on the horizon giving the illusion that it was stationary, but then it started to move very very fast eastbound towards my house. I didn't take out my camera because by the time I realized that it was moving unlike anything I've seen, until the time it disappeared was maybe only 10 15 seconds tops. I was yelling for my fiance to hurry up and get out back so she could witness it as well but it shot off right before she got out back. The strange part is, on March 6th of this year, 10 days ago, I witnessed roughly seven objects in the sky that looked very similar to this. They were the same color yet they left fireball tails behind them almost like a comet. They were in the sky making different patterns, and then all of them either shot off at an alarming rate of speed or blinked out in succession. So in a matter of 10 days I have had two UFO sightings. A quick Google search yielded statements from other people here locally in the Peoria Arizona area saying they have witnessed very similar objects in the sky over Peoria. About a year, to maybe a year and a half ago, my fiance and 2 kids also witnessed something just like this while driving home from her mother's house 4 miles away. I was able to see it after she called me on the phone and told me where to look right before they blinked out as well. It shook her up pretty bad, she thought they were meteors falling to earth until they started moving around doing different patterns and disappeared. this is a definite UFO flap and I think somebody needs to seriously investigate what is going on here.
