{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-01 17:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287437","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115939","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5698,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/437/mufon-5287437.json","updb_database_id":5287437}
Multiple phenomenon uap ufo

Most vivid one was from my childhood i was may be 9 years old sitting in my home looking at sunset west sky ... suddenly i felt as if something with sound blast wave hit the roof of my building and felt like it has torn apart the roof although it was intact and then found apparently 3 very high speed uap or ufo travellings towards west sky along the sunset direction and felt as if they were chasing each other , I hurriedly went to my terrace and gazed them as they dissappeared along the horizon with erractic and fast movement , this was also accompanied by temporary lights or electricity trip in the area. As i was a child had described the incident to my mom however she didnt witness it , she comforted me that it might be plane or jet . But to reveal it , i have till date not seen any jet or plane flying so low and fast and chasing each other with fast and no noise or tail jet with glowing tail lights or orb like thing. 

Second incident was like early in morning i was like with my granpa on terrace and was watering flower pots on the terrace and was surprised to watch a full moon in early morning sky ... and to my surprise just approx mid air hoveing and roatating steel or gray colured reflective object as bigger as 3 basket ball size was seen about 12 feet over head ... I was confused to believe it then since it hovered with some roatating ring or something like mini saturn ... I tried to scare it with trying to throw something at it with aim and it suddely reacted by jerky movement ... I was about to callmy granpa but the object suddely started moving up up in the air and went too high and saw it dissappear behind out ovwrhead water tank ... then after some hours saw a cigar shaped long dark object behind the big water tank with few windows , mostly felt like that hovering metallic object went in that cigar shape object . 

Thirdly recently when i was with my family my wife and daughter at different place in an apartment suddenly the weather changed as if it was cloudy and about to rain and lights and internet got off at evening 6 pm around , so we were enjoing family time with me and my daughter playing , but due to this disruption of lights my wife was about to make coffee for us so she went to our kitchen and me and my daughter followed her and since it was bit cloudy and no lights i went to our balcony and observing the natural serene beauty of surrounding and my wife gave me cup of coffee and she and daughter were also having it and as i sipped on coffee i saw strange bright orb like object initially one and suddenly oneother and then one more coming out from don't know somewhere and made triangular formation and then made hovering since i saw it and was amazwd to see something out of no where i called out my daugjter and wife and asked what are they seeing ... pointing to it ... they also confirmed my findings and as we discussed about it , within few moments the three of the glowing orange red orb like objects made 90 degree up movement and few side movements very fast and without any jet tail and then dissappered as they went high up at extreme speeds . However before i saw or noticed them and as the lights had gone as initially mentioned there was accompanying phenomenon of thunder like sound blast vibration felt moving in the direction where i noticed them

Above all incidents are witnessed over different time frame and of my age and so confirm that these are not what i have felt in real world objexts till date but something rare and extra ordinary with having lasting imapact and vivid memories about same.

Apart from these are are few small observed incidents i seen namely to see shiny triangular relflective steel like objects in sky at odd times at least 4 to 5 times different timelines of my life , traversing smoothly in high skies without any major weather phenomena , and not planes or jets for sure.

One of funny incident i like to share but cant say whats it is as its very rare and one time experience was , a s i was in my class 8th and in afternoon quit summer day , i was studing and doing my home work , found a funny very small buzzing object which was to small to characterize as object but with high buzz and tiny spark like emission moving in our hall , inside room and went againg outside like how a honey bee or big black bee if by mistake enters your home buzzes here there and makes a quick exit , similary this object too tiny to see it but was a bit transparent and with sparks buzzing and moving high speeds and went out , i tried to track it as it left my window , it just went away beyond my eye sight. 
After the above mentioned ...

Few more incidences are like vivid dreams but i dont consider them significant so not sharing this time as they were not awake observations but felt real like about which I am unsure if its true or dreams.
