{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-20 19:21:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504437","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54454","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2458,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/437/mufon-5504437.json","updb_database_id":5504437}
{nd} ufo flew right over my head and I watched it dissappear into the darkness.

I was in my hottub laying back on a corner pillow when I heard a noise from above me, like the air in the sky was separating kind of like when a flag flapps in the wind I can't explain it but when I heard it I opened my eyes to look up and just then the craft came into my view over the edge of my roof. I kind of just freaked out at first cause I didn't know what to make of it at first it just floated over me and my house and then sort of slowed down. It was triangular in shape and did not make a sound, I was kind of waiting to hear engine thrusters or some kind of noise when it passed over me. It went right over the town I am surprised no one else spotted it. It was really low but just dark enough if you weren't looking up at that moment you wouldn't even have known. I just happened to be laying back and when I heard the change in the air pressure I opened my eyes and there it was. I thought I had seen an alien craft but I am pretty sure that it it the TR3B Astra. The direction it was flying would have taken it towards Kirtland AFB or Sandia Labs. There were commercial aircraft either landing or taking off at the time but were probably too far away to notice. It was getting more dark than light at the time and if I had not been looking up at that time I would not have seen it at all. There were some amber colored lights on the bottom real dim light like on the older cars when they first came out with headlights. Definitely a triangle craft. It was huge to be going so slow without falling out of the sky. Then it went into the darkness. I have cameras but was so surprised I didn't even think about running in to get it. It happened so fast I was just in awe of what I was seeing and then it was gone. But I know I saw it and I have never seen anything like this.
