{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503437","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55506","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3125,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/437/mufon-5503437.json","updb_database_id":5503437}
Saw red orb and larger yellowish object slowly glide toward eclipsing moon, go under it and instantly disappear

My girlfriend and I were sitting in my car by the ocean watching the lunar eclipse and I was taking photos from inside my car of the moon. I noticed to bright objects above the moon but to the east, slowly moving toward the moon. There was a red orb like object above the larger yellowish one, at approximately 45 degrees, however they appeared to be moving toward the moon in unison. I said out loud, "What are those?" and my girlfriend said, "I don't know....weird." I took a few photos with my cell camera as the objects "drifted" closer to the moon, the largest one now parallel with the moon. They began to descend below the moon and then I switched the camera to video and got about ten seconds or so on video before they seemed to completely vanish. I replayed to video to see if I had indeed captured whatever they were and saw that I had. We both stayed for approx. another half an hour watching the eclipse and scanning the skies for any sign of moving objects but saw none. We both kept asking each other what we thought they were and came up with everything from some kind of NASA observation drones, to satellites to extraterrestrial craft. 
We are both still baffled. I ran the photos through the effects program on my camera, and uploaded them to my facebook page, including the video. What I found astounding on the video is the larger "object" appears to be pulsating or spinning as there is a definite bright dot that looks to be spinning around the center of the object and disappearing behind the "craft" in a clockwise motion. 
Photo 131 is just prior to the objects appearing and 135 is just after they disappeared.
Photos 132 and 133 are the objects, and 134 is the video.
I transferred these directly from my cell camera to my computer. The video appears to be rotated 45 degrees to the left from the actual view. The actual orientation of the objects to the moon are shown in the photos.
