{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-23 19:31:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482437","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77523","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3446,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/437/mufon-5482437.json","updb_database_id":5482437}
{nd} I think its a lifeform, invisible to the eye but visible in picture.

The week it happened was a more than strange week, i have taken alot of pictures of clouds, i love to its my hobby. Never have i caught anything out of the ordinary til this one week and caught alot weird things on differant days in this week, but sadly havent see anything since. This is the first day of that week and hope to capture more in the future. Traveling west on Padden Parkway to the I-205 North ramp for about 2 miles. I like to take pictures of clouds kind of a hobby of mine. (I hope saying this doesnt get me in trouble) While driving I pulled my cell phone out to take pictures of the clouds not taking my eyes off the road snapping pictures randomly hoping at least one would come out good later when I checked them and did this despite my girlfriends protests but told her "well im not texting or calling anyone so I dont think im technically breaking any laws". When going through my photos had almost deleted them until my girlfriend asked me "why arent you even gonna check them?" had replied "I dont know" in kind of a daze or my mind running on autopilot. Before I could hit the delete button my girlfriend looking at the screen shouted "stop, dont do it. Look, what is that" snapping back to reality I hit cancel and clicked on the picture I hadnt even looked at yet she was pointing to. What I saw shocked me, made me freeze in horror, I still get goosebump and a bit anxious/ nervous/ scared im not really sure how to describe the feeling it gives me. I clearly remember or at least think I know I never saw this thing with my own eyes, or at least wasnt visible to my eyes. And before any nay saying pay closer attention, its not something on my window or camera lens. Because this thing followed in front of my truck changed direction, altitude, angle, and distance getting closer to me. I cant identify what it is, what it could be neither could anyone else, I have never seen anything like this before, and asked a few family members if they could but no one has any idea other than an extremely weird shaped flying weed whacker. Or long armed/ tailed floating thing. 
Below this part it asks what kind of picture, I dont know really anything technology so I hope im doing this all correct these are the original pictures unaltered and non-tampered. Also the best way to reach me is by phone, I havent been able to figure out how to get into my emails in years cause as I said im not good with tech. And maybe now I can finally get some answers about this, thingy.
