{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-09 21:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285437","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117969","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4033,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/437/mufon-5285437.json","updb_database_id":5285437}
I went out at about 9 PM to walk my dog and saw a huge craft hovering over what appeared to be the SE end of the Palm Springs Airport landing strip.

I was awakened by my dog on April 9 around 9 PM. He was bouncing off the walls, which is unusual, so i decided to take him out for a quick walk. While we were out I observed a large red orb hovering over what appeared to be the approximate vicinity of the SE Palm Springs airport. It was glowing so bright, it almost looked like the sun was setting in the East. I had noticed this strange phenomena before from the same location very recently. The clouds were lit up like a brilliant sunset in the East, but this time I could clearly see an orb, like a miniature sun, bobbing up and down like a buoy on the water. As I continued to watch, the orb began to radiate with even more intense light, revealing a massive, white craft, about the size of a 747 passenger jet at least, but narrower, with strange v shaped wings at the end, jutting upward vertically from the body of the craft in a most un-aerodynamic way, hovering above the direction of the PS Airport landing strip from the vantage point of my apartment. As the craft pulsated more light, I saw what almost looked like rectangular windows, or panels of light, going on and off in scattered wave like patterns all over the craft. These light panels lit up the grill of the wings in front and almost looked like windows, although I'm certain they were lights emitting high radiation. The craft pulsated with light and then seemed to fade into the residue of the red orb surrounding it. This continued for some time. The pulsating phenomena hovered and bounced around in the air like a hypertrophic drone. 
I ran inside to put my dog in a safe place and even had time to grab my phone to take a video. In the video you can only see the glowing orb, but in perspective to the landscape, it's obviously huge. I've attached documentation. This really blew my mind, needless to say. And it has been reoccurring, although I don't have any more video evidence of that anywhere near as good as the video I'm sending with this report. Anyway, what was even more mind blowing was that when it disappeared, it just suddenly pulsed and blinked out. The pulses of light grew fainter and then it just blinked out, like a light switch. But what was left behind was even more amazing. It looked like the last moment of a fantastic sunset. All of the clouds were completely irradiated and glowing, almost like they were on fire. If I were writing Science Fiction, I couldn't think of a better way to describe a wormhole being blasted through time and space by some kind of nuclear device. It looked as if someone had just blasted a portal between dimensions and come and gone, closing the door on the way out, but leaving the clouds on fire. Truly awesome. I have a longer version of the video available if anyone is interested. By the way, I think the drop down list for education for this site should include English and Law, because that is my background, and I believe anyone who has worked in law as a paralegal makes a fairly decent reporter...
