{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1983-07-21 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478441","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81692","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3900,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/441/mufon-5478441.json","updb_database_id":5478441}
I can1t explain what my sister and I have experienced when we were teenagers. Today, I1m 48 and I now dare talking about it.

Approximately 35 years ago, we were playing ball after dinner in front of our house. It wasn1t dark yet outside. There was no danger, except for occasional wildlife, because our farm was isolated. There was no road traffic as it was the last property on a dirt road. All the rest of our family was inside the house. After a few ball throws we have been spotted three times within split second right at us. (see drawing # 1 attached) Our first thought was that a car was coming but when we looked up we saw a bright white sphere that was heading towards the field. (see drawing #2 attached) I ran towards my sister who also came to me. We were so terrified that we both grabbed the mail box post. When we noticed that the sphere was farther, we ran home to tell our family who immediately watched through the window. One of my brothers said and I quote: 1This explains the energy surge we experiment minutes ago1. My other brother said: 1It looks like the light I saw with mom when I was three1. And my mother replied: 1We are not alone in the Universe1. After the stress was over and the sphere gone, we wanted to return outside to continue to play. My mother told us that it was too late because it was 10h30 PM already. We were both surprise because for us, it felt like we were playing outside since a short time. 
The normal life continued, but I stayed with a feeling of strangeness1 incomprehension1 of missing time1
A few years later, I did a nightmare. I was on a metallic table unable to move. I felt that something was 1moving1 around me but I couldn1t see anything except for a device attached to the 1ceiling1 that was coming down towards me. I was panicked, I tried to move1 They hold my head. I was told telepathically that I won1t feel any pain1 I felt that my sister was near me. The device pierces my right eye with a thin needle. (see drawing #3 attached)
I calmed myself because it was true that I felt no pain. I couldn1t move, but I could move my eyes! I remembered thinking that I wasn1t cold even if I was on a metallic table. I turned my eyes to the left and I saw 2 1dark grey beings1 in front of a console. There was a 1tall pale grey1. When I saw him, I thought, 1this one he1s different1. He then turned to the two short ones and signaled them that I was watching. So, a short one came to me. He 1reassured me1 that nothing bad would happen either to me or my sister1 He turned my head towards a giant TV screen to my left and made me understand that if humans don1t change they will go to their destruction1 by images of famines, explosions1 (see drawing 4 attached)
I woke up in tears thinking to myself that this was what really happened1
