{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-12-20 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453441","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108183","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2367,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/441/mufon-5453441.json","updb_database_id":5453441}
Star-like light in the sky

I was talking with a friend in my neighborhood when we saw a ´´star´´ in the sky that caught our attention. That star began to become more shining and its size increased considerably in just some seconds. I was so scared because I thought it was a meteor or an asteroid that would crash against us. I remember very well that that thing was so shining that the sky was lighted like when there is full moon. Suddenly, the star started to become less shining and it's size also decreases. I think that in less than five seconds it became as small as a normal star. Until this moment of the event the ''star'' stayed in one point, when it became smaller, it moves from West to North (since my perspective) so fast that my friend and I could not follow it.
After that I was in shock because it was something unbelievable and it took me for surprise.
I have to tell that I feel kind of confusing for some reasons:
I saw this very close to my home; where I live it is the very city, downtown city is just located to a distance of a five-minute walk from my home. So many people had to see that thing, in fact I consider that that event had to be a national news, but it seems that one realizes about it. For me it is impossible that no one else has seen that light in the sky. Sometimes I consider myself of having an hallucination but my friend saw the same thing, so I do no think that both of us has an hallucination of the same type and at the same moment. I can not add any photo or video because when it happened, we did not have cell phones, in fact I did not have a cell phone and my friend has a cell phone with no camera. But even with a camera in hand, I think I would not have been able to take pictures or a video because it happened very quick.
