{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-05 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480441","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79619","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4091,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/441/mufon-5480441.json","updb_database_id":5480441}
Three dim yellow lights in big dark triangle form flying through sky at night in complete silence.

Hello, can I report that I have just seen just now what looks like a UFO sighting over here near Oeiras, Lisbon, Portugal today October 5 2016 at aprox. 9:30pm, I'm not easily convinced and can explain away lots of things but this was different, it is night already I was in my garden just now and happened to look at the sky, this is a place where aircraft heading for lisbon airport fly overhead making a lot of noise and blinking a lot of lights, nonetheless I use flightradar24 sometimes to track them for curiosity and nothing was flying above at the time. As I just said this was something completely different, big and totally quiet heading in a straight line direction north-south heading south, 3 very dim yellowish lights no blinking in a triangle formation plus another light near the forward tip of the triangle slightly offset to the side all moving in perfect unison creating the appearance of a very big silent dark triangle moving through the starry sky completely silent at a speed of about 400kph if it was some sort of plane heading for the airport 16 km away, but this seemed like a big dark triangle, moving in straight line in complete eerily silence, maybe it was something flying very high like a satellite constelation moving in unison, sometimes you also see satellites flying above here, very rare and normally just one bright white light or reflecting sunlight flying through the sky, here I could not tell the altitude and couldn't see any features just three dim yellow lights forming what looked like a huge triangle in the sky of size at least aprox. double or triple the size of a conventional commercial aircraft of type airbus a320 or boeing 737 that you see when on the outskirts 10 miles away from the airport, no blinking lights, no white or red lights, just three dim yellow lights navigating eerily silent through the sky forming a perfect triangle, whatever it was it was probably painted dark because you could see nothing reflecting of it just black and three dim lights. Just wanted to write this here before I forget the details, thanks and sorry for writing all this as I'm still kinda excited and very much puzzled. For the first time I tend to believe they are here among us but why the lights even if dim? and flying over the outskirts of a city at this hour? Possibly someone else has noticed it too altough it was subtle due to the dim lights and no sound. Well, maybe there's some kind of secret and misterious new big silent craft that just glides through the sky in total silence. Minutes after that several aircraft passed and you could clearly ear the loud noise and all the blinking lights you can even see the lights inside the plane, completely different on what is a starry night with just very high altitude clouds and temp aprox 20centigrade especially in the dead of night. Curiously I didnt have my phone with me even if I had it wouldnt capture anything in the black of the night it would be like photographing dim stars, even if I had the camera the thing zoomed by in just 3 or 4 seconds and then disappeared over the trees of neighbours gardens, I tried to go to better vantage point but nothing, the lights were too dim, so no time even to think in taking a picture as you're just looking kind of in awe and perplexed.﻿Amazing especially the silence of a big flying object. Very eerie sudden and different experience but also fantastic.
