{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289441","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113916","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3682,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/441/mufon-5289441.json","updb_database_id":5289441}
Blue Tinkerbell in my room {a blue light (entity)the size of a coin, nickel or penny, illuminated, on the floor, less than a foot from my hand, bathing it and my wrist in its light. After a second or so, it floated up about a foot and disappeared}. -{djs}

An ongoing situation is starting to affect my relationship with my partner. We have been together 22+years and last night she expressed frustration with my recent UFO obsession. I don’t know what to say to her. I am sorry if I am wasting your time, but I don’t know who else to share this with. If I don’t hear back, I will chalk this up to a free shrink session and never bother you again. It started approximately 9-10 months ago. It began with our dog barking loudly, in our room, around 3 am. She hadn’t done it before like this. We didn’t think much about it until after the third time, this is when we both woke up from her barking, maybe an hour later we both found what looked like a needle mark at the base of our skull, first vertebrae area. Both of us, same exact area. The barking continued periodically, couldn’t detect a pattern, but another 4-6 times over next 2-3 months. With needle mark in same spot on both of us again about 1-2 months after the first “needle mark” discovery. Specifically, the mark had no swelling and very little redness but the irritation is was gained our attention. It was like a stiffness. We have both had cervical fusion surgery so we a familiar with neck pain. After this the barking stopped. It was after the barking stopped, about five months ago I woke up at four am, swung my legs over the side of the bed to reach down and put my slippers on. As I reached down, a blue light the size of a coin, nickel or penny, illuminated, on the floor, less than a foot from my hand, bathing it and my wrist in its light. After a second or so, it floated up about a foot and disappeared. While I do wear glasses and did not have them on. The light was approximately 1-2 feet away when this happened. Also, the light didn’t hurt my eyes like you would think if one came on right in front of you in the dark. It was after this that I began to have the strange dreams. Now remember, I only have a high school education and I flunked chemistry because I was hearing impaired and spent most of my time staring out the window daydreaming. Anyway these dreams are from what I guess, math, chemistry and physics(never took it in school). After a while I started writing some of it down because it would disappear after maybe a half an hour. When I go back and read it, I don’t know what any of it is. Things like: Neodymium Magnetic Confinement Fusion, The Oceans Thermocline(660 ft) comes up repeatedly, Spectroscopy, a 60 sided shape, I could go on and on, anyway, I can’t find any medical condition that causes math gibberish. I was originally concerned about a tumor. Anyway, the dreams continue. I can’t make sense of them. I don’t know what to do. The dog barking and needle marks are what led me to mufon. Thank you for your time and I am sorry bothering you. Sincerely, Mike
