{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-05-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502441","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56560","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4010,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/441/mufon-5502441.json","updb_database_id":5502441}
{rjl} I was visited by grew aliens that came into my bedroom & told me that I was a person they would use as a keader ubn the future it has led to another major experience where I was invited on their ships. I have been worked on by them on their ships

It was the evening of a Law school exam finals. Well it didnt appear I had much of a Law School future so I was stressed out and had a drink, one drink. I finally was going to be and all of the sudden I could not move in my bed I was physically frozen. Then a light came on outside on the patio and the large brass platter above my bed was shaking and buzzing like a speaker. I had the curtain closed on the patio doors so all I saw was a bright light. Then all of the sudden there 6 grey aliens standing around my bed. They seemed to be like a hologram projection of them. They said to me I was a leader and that they would help me in the future or I would help them in any case there would be more contact. Then they dissipated and the platter was still buzzing as they went away and the light lifted slowly at first then fast they platter buzzed for quite a few minutes till it faded away as they left.

I remember being on their ships in what seemed like dreams several times before that with them sticking probes into my side and things like that I never felt threatened. I started craving protein and my health improved noticeably.

Then I seemed to have a relationship with them when I would pray with my native pipe they would come and show up face to face in dreams and say hi.

When something major was going on like my cabin burned down in Minnesota they came face to face again. 

I was involved with Native American spiritual ceremonies and pursuing virtues as a spiritual path. I think telepathic greys use and pursue virtues because if you know what the other guy is thinking you have to also high technology requires virtues.

I have two fantastic children I got thru ceremony Bridge and Keegan they greys came to me one day in a dream and said to me "how do you like your genetically engineered children" they are amazing beautiful emotionally well balanced straight A kids. The leaders of tomorrow.

Then I had a whopper vision dream well it seemed very real for sure not a dream.  I over came a bunch of shamanic obstacles in a dream call them fears challenges or whatever, dream work if you will. Then all of the sudden I was on a ship. In a bed room there were other young people there. You were allowed one possession a guitar skateboard whatever. You could picture your room any way you wanted it and it was like a holograph it would appear in that form pretty cool. 

Then I was invited on to the Bridge of the ship. You cold see thru the windows the stars passing by. There were several greys standing at control panels in front of the windows. There was a captains chair and in it was the queen alien if you will. She was noticeably bigger than the other ones. She said come here and I sat on her lap. She said to me "you must of gone thru quite a lot to get this far". "put you thoughts into the swirling orb of rainbows. There was rainbow ball of energy floating in the room that controlled the ship and the future. So I put my thoughts into the orb. Then she said "I love you " and I was back in my room.

I haven't any contact recently but expect them back soon. 
In trust Honesty and TRUTH...In its purest form...
