{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-04-18 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547441","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"16570","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4046,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/441/mufon-5547441.json","updb_database_id":5547441}
Single white object with occasional strobes that moved unlike any conventional fixed wing aircraft or chopper.

At 400 Ponce De Leon, the Al Yaarab Shriner Temple, at around 9pm waiting for the traffic to clear out after a rollerderby bout, looking north from the parking lot towards Piedmont Park my daughter (age 12) and I noted this object that we thought was a chopper taking off from the hospital. I realized there is no hospital in that direction as my daughter asked why it didn't blink. The object rose diagonally to the east, dropped came to a halt and moved back west and became brighter. From our vantage point it appeared to never go above the skyline or break the cloud ceiling. As it continued a short distance west it climbed, and grew brighter. It was then that I asked a group of people talking nearby if they would tell me if what I was seeing was real. One of them said it was a chopper and then had to quickly withdraw that opinion when the craft dropped down and east and appeared to flicker and vanish. The initial sighting was around a minute long.

Then we joined the group in looking at the sky in that direction and making wise cracks to one another about spacemen. About 315 minutes passed and it appeared again low in the sky and began to rise straight up and list from side to side. People were saying it must be a bunch of balloons maybe, or a large kite. Then the object moved very suddenly and rapidly to what appeared to be the north. It just seemed to get smaller and dimmer and be heading away from our POV. It rose and moved west and we lost site of it from a car pulling into the lot we were in and hitting us in the face with their headlights. 

Again, talk of what that object could have been arose. Not a hot air balloon. Not an RC chopper/plane. No FAA lights. Halting and suddenly moving, not enough wind to carry a kite or push balloons around. Very strange. We were all getting a little anxious as more people joined in who had been other parts of the lot and seen the same thing. 

There was air traffic overhead. But all were easily identified. Jets passing through the cloud ceiling. Blinking lights. We saw a helicopter. All of these other things in the sky were making this one even more odd. 

It returned a third time after about 517 minutes. This time coming in low from the west and gradually growing larger and brighter. Again, it was perceived to be approaching. A passerby was stopped and shown the object that he identified also as a chopper and then also had to correct himself. That's no chopper, what is that? Exactly. We watched for a minute as the object continued to move erratically and do things no plane or swamp gas could ever do. A commercial liner was flying in what to us looked to be the direction of the object but at the height of the clouds so we could see it moving in and out and its silo and know that object was a jet. As it came closer to the object the steady glow became a strobe briefly and it dropped straight down then moved east and accelerated and climbed.

We all we completely blown away by the last sighting and the group of about 10 were still scanning the sky to the north. There were a couple who insisted it be a chopper or maybe something else, but what? They couldn't say. Everyone else was awestruck at what we think we had just been witness to. It really was a flying object that could not be identified with any amount of certainty by anyone who saw it.
