{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-02-16 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462441","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98542","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3413,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/441/mufon-5462441.json","updb_database_id":5462441}
{rjl} Was outside and noticed a large glowing green object in the sky, it followed a straight path then hovered and then disappeared into thin air

I was standing outside my hotel on February 16, 2019 at approximately 11:30 pm. I am in Monroeville which is right outside of Pittsburgh. I was smoking a cigarette. I just happened to look up and saw an object that looked to be about the size of a golf ball although I have no idea the actual size because I1m not sure how far away it was. There is an airport in Pittsburgh but I do not believe this to have been anything that would have been used by them. The object was shaped like a sphere and was a sort of emerald green color and was emitting a very bright green light. It was hovering when I first noticed it and then after a brief moment it began rapidly following a straight line path. It sort of zoomed across the sky to another location and then stopped. It just hovered there after that and was not moving at all. I kept watching it for around 4 or 5 minutes. Then it occurred to me that my cell phone was in my pocket and I went to get it out to take a picture and the object literally disappeared. It seemed to just vanish into thin air. It did not appear to land or descend or to go anywhere else. Just completely disappeared like it had never even been there. During the sighting and afterward I was confused as to what it could have possibly been and was utterly terrified. I went back inside the hotel where my friends were trying to talk to me and it was like I wasn1t hearing anything they had to say. They said I just stared at them like I was scared to death which is how I was truly feeling. They said I looked like I had just seen a ghost or something and that my eyes were wide and looked as big as saucers and that I was stuttering as I just kept repeating to them 1I saw something. I just saw something.1 They kept asking me what and I could only say 1I just saw something.1 And finally I said 1I just saw something and I don1t know what to tell you about it.1 They said 1ok we know you saw something but what did you see? You1re starting to freak us out cause you won1t tell us anything1 and finally I told them I saw something in the sky and described it to them as I have described it here. We went back outside later several times and looked for something like it and saw nothing. It scared me pretty badly because I have no idea what I witnessed. I immediately got online because I am right outside Pittsburgh which is a big city and I know someone else around here had to have seen what I did so I was trying to find someone else who might have experienced it and read what they had to say and whether they had any sort of explanation maybe. But I could not find anything so I figured I would just report it here and see what comes of it.
