{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-04 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515082","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43100","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2898,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/082/mufon-5515082.json","updb_database_id":5515082}
Over 10 orange/red orbs appear from the SW in South Toronto, hover for several minutes, then disappear towards the W and SE

The sky had a low cloud cover. 3 witnesses were talking, looking south near Christie and Barton, Toronto. One of the witnesses pointed to the sky and said 1look at all those lights!1 At least ten orange/red orbs in the sky coming from the SW, heading NE. We asked ourselves 1are those helicopters?1 We decided no 1 there were too many in a small space, they weren't making any noise, and the lights were bigger than airplane or helicopter lights. A plane went overhead. Were they airplanes? No, they were moving somewhat horizontally and the lights were bigger and not flashing. Were they fireworks? No, they were hovering! The lights seemed to be located over the edge of Lake Ontario or one of these neighbourhoods: the lakeshore, liberty village, or parkdale. It seemed to be slightly west of the vicinity of Billy Bishop Airport and Ontario Place.

The orbs moved at different speeds and slightly different directions. There was no discernible sound. The orbs then changed direction and speed many times over smaller trajectories.1They continued to move in different directions, seemingly distributed randomly (perhaps more were appearing?). At this point I ran to grab my glasses, and upon return the orbs were still making random movements.1We all crossed the street to get a better view unobstructed by a tree on the edge of the park. We all kept asking 1what are those things?1 And stating that we had never seen anything like it before. This continued for about 2 more minutes, then some moved W while others went SE and then disappeared. This movement was very sudden while the hovering took place over several minutes. Stragglers seemed to come from the W, change directions and disappear W a few moments later. We were all very excited and confused at what we saw, and we decided to look online to see if anyone had reported similar sightings. 

I found a report from September 30, 2012, where two witnesses reported over 20 orange/red orbs in South Toronto that made a V-formation. I then sent my sighting to the same website, Canadaufo.blogspot.ca. I later read a description of a sighting where the witness reported their sighting to MUFON, so I decided to do the same.
