{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-10-07 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473082","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87317","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2711,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/082/mufon-5473082.json","updb_database_id":5473082}
{cak} A cluster of brilliant colored balls of lights ,moving around each other while stationary in the sky.

My wife had just got home from work, so I opened the front door to welcome her home, and remembering that I had seen a white light (twice as big as a planet)traveling from south to north the week before, I just looked up. Because we see strange stuff in the sky all the time in Nor Cal it didn't
surprise me to see something unusual. Military aircraft always fly at night over this county. The shape and it being stationary with all the colors made me run to grab my bino's to get a better look. At the first few seconds , I thought it was fireworks. But it didn't go away and fade out. Then I thought helicopter or a drone, so I looked through the bino's and I witnessed this cluster of crystal clear round lights with amazing different colors like indigo blue, violet, turquoise, reds and yellows all the while the cluster was changing shape like they were all trying to reposition themselves for the best spot in the sky. Shapes like grapes on the vine to string of pearls to a wedge to flat line, then back to grapes etc. After approx. 10 min. a green light flew past it by a quarter mile at the same altitude (3000 feet) from north to south. (I'm pretty good with the height , because there is a mountain across the lake from the sighting.)So I thought to myself that the green light was the starboard running light of a military jet taking a close look at this cluster of colored balls of light frozen over the other side of the lake....
 And now here is the reason I thought you guys might be interested.....
These lights just blinked out, so I told my wife about the killer ufo I had seen (she said "another one...that's nice.)All night we had gusts of wind up to 80 mph and fires broke out all over the place...including the "Sulpher" fire directly below where the cluster had been hovering the night before ! I didn't put 2 & 2 together for a couple of days and it's been wearing on me to tell someone that might take my sighting seriously. Thanx for your attention, Keep looking up......BW
