{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-05-15 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502082","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56939","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2521,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/082/mufon-5502082.json","updb_database_id":5502082}
{cak} disk shape large, disappeared while looking at it.

girlfriends ,we had left a wedding shower one of the other girls in the car spotted this craft we slammed on the brakes and slid off the road. we were under this craft that was about 30 feet above us, there was a ring of soft orange glowing lights, with a light moving around the glowing area. there were 5 girls in the vehicle,when we slid off the rd. girl 4 who spotted the craft was screaming roll up the windows and lock the doors. so we did. girl 1 who was driving the car tried to get in touch with her dad on a c b radio, popular in 1974. i noticed there was another car, relatively close by. i was on the back passenger side and had a clear view of the craft. i tried very hard not to blink so i would not miss any thing, while we watch it disappear with us watching, 3 girls were sisters my self and another friend. 

my grandmother had something along this line,she could tell you part of the story, but not all of the story.. i also remember a child hood image and a second encounter with one of my children, 40 years ago.........Cathy there is one other thing i have found that seems to apply at least to other abducties, and that is a near death experience has occurred at some point in there lives. what would be the chance that you would meat another abductie and also have them experience both of these experiences!!!!!!!!!!!we did not report the sighting due to our age, we didn't think any one would believe it. we all got into trouble with our parents,because the time lost we didn't know how that could happen and didn't have a way to explain it. i got home it was 8:40pm we left the wedding shower at 7pm. i was the last person out and noticed the time. the hwy was new and there was nothing but one building.since it was still early we decided to drive down the new hwy. we had no idea about the hour and 40 mi. i was very tired over the next few days..
