{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522082","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34013","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3693,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/082/mufon-5522082.json","updb_database_id":5522082}
Driving home from work, I saw lights not far off and assumed it was a crane for building.

I was leaving the college library in Newburgh, NY and decided to drive home to make dinner. It was already dark out but not late enough for me to be starving, so I had time to cook! I was driving down route 9W going North towards Marlboro, Highland area. When I reached the firehouse on the right a couple miles up from HWY 84, I noticed some tall circular lights (gold and red) in the sky up ahead. I thought thats weird, it must be a crane working at night. The traffic on 9W is always heavy and since it is only a 2 lane north/south lane road, you have to watch what you are doing carefully because people stop to turn left/right and so on. As I got closer I could not take my eyes of the lights, something was weird about them. They were high in the air but low to the ground and only seconds after I first noticed them, I realized there was no way it was a crane, it was a plane-the lights gave the impression of a huge plane? it was moving in the air....very slowly <15mph? and it was way to low to the ground to be heading for a landing at Stewart International Airport (which does has a airforce base close by I believe) I could not keep my eyes off of it, and worried about crashing I pulled over in a small in drivway, not even taking the time to turn completly in....I just put my emergency flashers on and turned off the car, opening the door and standing there. Seeng this huge piece of machine? just floating there not really moving, definatly not a plane now, but I could not make out its exact shape but I COULD HEAR IT, there was no noise per say, like a car engine would make it was more like the sound of air pushing thru it, it was so strange. I tried to call out on my phone, but the call was unable to connect because some sort of data connection was preventing me from calling out? Very soon after, it started moving again, I wanted to follow it so I jumped in my car and tried to get back on 9W but going the oppusite direction because this thing went south. It was probably only 100 yards in the sky but it was about 400 yards out from the road. The traffic was so bad I could no jump out into it to follow the thing but it was moving away sort of slow, so I thought I could catch up but then it must of picked up speed because it was gone just like that and the strange thing is the second it disappeared this car driving south had sparks flying underneath the car! Like his whole engine was falling out...I tagged behind him and honked and flashed him so he pulled over. He said he new his exhaust pipe must have fallen? I realized I lost whatever it was and stayed in the Stewart parking lot and tried to call out on my Virgin mobile phone, but was unable to because of some data connection error? So I turned it off, hoping to reset it...determined to tell someone? I drove high in the hills hoping Id see some sign of this thing but the lights did seem to flash/pulse the way I planes might and since the colors were similar, there was no way to tell. I saw several planes in the sky.
