{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487082","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72596","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6368,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/082/mufon-5487082.json","updb_database_id":5487082}
{cak} V-SHAPED NOT MOVING & DISAPPEARED WHEN I LOOKED AWAY FOR ABOUT 5 SECONDS.

MY UFO EXPERIENCE

All my life (now 67 years old), I1ve looked to the sky hoping to see something that would affirm my belief that there was life other than here on earth.
All my life, I1ve been looking for fast and erratic moving lights. Last Thanksgiving week, I observed something that was all the contrary.
Behind my home, I have a man-cave where I spend much of my time in that my wife and I have totally different tastes in TV programming. This particular evening which I think was the weekend after Thanksgiving, 2012, I exited my man-cave, locked it, and turned for the house. As I cleared the overhang of the covered patio and stepped onto the pavement around the pool, I looked up slightly to my right, and there it was as vivid as anything I1d ever seen in my life. It1s like my eyes went straight to it. 
My house is due west of my man-cave, and on this evening, the moon was about 1 full and hadn1t been up very long, and the air was very crisp, clear and cool. The sky (for south Louisiana) was unusually crystal clear.  The sight of the craft stopped me dead in my tracks. It was as clear and vivid as anything these cat-surgery eyes had ever seen. 
At about a 30 degree angle from horizon and about the same degrees north of west, there was a V-Shaped craft. Not knowing the size, if I had held a ruler up to the sky, it would have measured probably about an inch long, so I1m guessing it was pretty far up there. If I were to guess, I would say it was about 2 miles horizontally and I1m guessing 1 mile vertically from my vantage point, or positioned somewhere between Carencro and Cankton, La., just NW of Lafayette, La. 
The craft was facing due north with a bright star (or planet) just off its nose1. I1m thinking kind of bottom right.  As I said, I1ve been looking for fast moving bright objects all these years, but this craft was not moving at all. It was dead stopped!! I could tell this by its relativity to that bright star. It was just sitting there!! And the other thing that caught my eyes was the fact that there were no lights 1 none. I know I would have seen any strobes from my vantage point because I see them all the time in that my home is directly under a major east/west flyway, and I can see the strobe lights on commercial jets 5 miles up. Additionally, there was no noise, and once again, I can hear those jets 5 miles up on a clear night.
 
As I said, the craft was V-Shaped (about 60 degrees) and very majestic looking. The outside V and inside V looked to be parallel to one another, and the tail of each wing was somewhat tapered inward. The end of the tails also appeared to be flat. The bottom of the left wing was black and the right wing (toward me) appeared soft matted texture gray texture. The one toward me (left wing) was probably reflecting the moonlight. This also makes me think the wings were slanted upward slightly (about 5-10 degrees) and that the belly was not round because of the distinct separation of the two colors. It was a very sharp line from the point of the craft the inside of the V. All I could see was the bottom of the wings, but the craft appeared to be level, and I could see no openings or contour marks. Also, I didn1t see anything that would have suggested an engine or engines, and I really don1t know of anything that large that can hover in one place that long and do so without making a bunch of noise.

At no time was I startled, and I really don1t know why. I knew at the time I was looking at something that I had never seen before anywhere, not even on TV. I watched it for a good 3 to 4 minutes, and at no time did it deviate from its relativity to that bright star. It was almost boring. 
As I said earlier, it was cool outside, and I had short sleeves on, so I thought I1d go in the house, get a jacket and wake up the wife to come look at it with me. My wife locks the back door, even with me in the back and with a pair of Dobermans at her bedside. So, I reached in my pocket for my keys, looked down momentarily to pick out the house key (the moon was really bright), and when I looked back up, it was gone!! I quickly looked all around the sky, and nothing. I don1t know if it just disappeared or took off like a bat out of hell.  It1s almost like it knew I was watching it waiting its chance to do whatever it did. I1m still kicking myself in the ass knowing that I1ll probably never know!!

Trying to take a picture with the cell phone for whatever reason never crossed my mind. After all those years of wanting to see something, for whatever reason, when it did happen, it seemed almost non-eventful. But, I did tell the wife about it when I crawled into bed.

I really wanted to share this with someone who can relate. I tried sending this to George Noory several years back, but heard nothing. 

This is the absolute truth, and I would have no problem taking a lie detector test on this. I would be very interested in knowing if the Lafayette, La. airport may have caught something on radar around this time that seemed strange, but it's probably too long ago. The craft would have been somewhat northwest of the airport about 6-10 miles, it would have been dead stopped for a while, and as I said, it would have either simply disappeared on the screen or took off very quickly. I don1t think there1s anything in or out of that airport that late at night (around midnight), so I don1t even know if anyone would be in the airport tower or observing the radar, but they may have it in some radar memory banks. It may be worth researching. I1m thinking the Friday or Saturday night after Thanksgiving, 2012, but definitely sometime that week between the hours of 10 PM and 1:00 AM.
