{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-03-03 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456639","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104946","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5675,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/639/mufon-5456639.json","updb_database_id":5456639}
{jpg} I believe I was closer than anyone else during the AZ light fiasco. I had a rifle loaded and almost shot @1 of the 4 spheres of light

Headed home from work in evening from Catalina AZ I headed north towards pinal county and Florence, I turned off road onto park links rd and after traveling west about 1-2 miles I seen what appeared to be a meteor falling directly in front of me, it was still light outside and sun had not set yet but this falling object did not leave a trail behind it as often observed. It fell at a rapid rate as I watched hoping to see where it impacted so I could go investigate but it didn’t hit the ground, it stopped immediately less than a hundred or so ft from the ground. A second object fell and did exactly the same thing as first one but was about 30-40 yards to the right of it and then 2 more to the right of them appeared without falling from the sky and they all were equally spaced apart in a straight horizontal line. I sped up and stopped directly underneath the first light and jumped out of car with my rifle. The lights were close to the ground not moving and not making any sound at all. I shouldered my rifle looking through the scope at it and seen 3 colors, red, orange, and yellow but these colors were in a liquid form and not mixing with one another as they flowed around the sphere of light. I adjusted the power of my scope to its lowest setting but the object closest to me filled my scope to its edges and I was too close to see it as a whole object. I actually got a little scared and nervous and racked a round into the chamber. I never fired it but I did look through the scope at each of the 4 lights and they were all the same with 3 primary colors flowing like liquid but not mixing around a light. I did not see a craft or anything of the sort filling up the space between the lights and was able to look between the spheres directly at the sky above me and them. After the longest 10 minutes or so of my life and multiple things and scenarios playing out in my mind if I shot this thing they started to move but at a very slow pace of about 2 -5 mph in westerly direction. I stayed with them till my turn off at which point I raced home and threw a ladder against the roof of house and grabbed my wife to show her what I’d seen from up on roof. It was during that time and almost completely dark by then that multiple flashes of light and the only way to describe these flashes of light is like that of an old Polaroid camera cube flash. They were going off everywhere in the valley below us and around us as far as the eye could see. From the roof of house I could see there was a concentration of light flashes around and over the evergreen air center at which point 4 helicopters took off and started circling the small air base. There were 2 aircraft streaking towards the air center from the direction of Phoenix and almost following the path of I-10 hwy. we watched as helicopters circled base with spotlights and 2 fighters circled above them with flash cube lights going off all around them. I believe the 2 fighters were F15’s but wasn’t sure until 2 more fighters flew directly over our home with the sonic boom almost knocking us off the roof and afterburners showing flame . Those planes were so close to the desert floor and just over our heads. I recognized both of them as F16’s and probably from Davis monthan because they flew over the tortilita mountain range from east to west. What struck me as absurd and had me critiquing the handling of those planes and helicopters was that they never once went over to investigate the 4 spheres of light which were still visible by me and had to be by them too because they were closer to them than I was at this point. All the aircraft did was circle the base as if protecting it. So with the 4 spheres still slowly moving in a westerly direction and flash cube flashes all around starting to slow down in frequency there was 1 final flash that literally lit up the night sky for what had to be a hundred or so mile radius. It was bigger and brighter than all others seen and it was directly over the air base not more than a couple hundred ft off the ground even with aircraft flying all around it. After that last flash of light there were no more but the 4 spheres I witnessed still headed in slow westward direction. I watched the news and listened to the [profanity removed/CMS/jpg] the media and the government put out about flares and witnesses reported a huge craft over Phoenix and I cannot speak for what they seen or witnessed but I know for a fact what I seen that night was not parachute flares and it was not a craft if witnesses reported what I seen. I had to have been the closest and longest witness to this event than any other from start to finish and I believe my x wife would back up everything I have stated. From about 5:30 to 8 pm that evening the events that happened that day I will never forget. Nobody will ever convince me of what I was so close to and almost pulled the trigger on as being anything else
