{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-08 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506639","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52119","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2844,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/639/mufon-5506639.json","updb_database_id":5506639}
{cak} 3 orange lights with trails of flames.

Me, my wife, and 2 yr old son were leavin my aunts house in the southern area of hope mills, NC. My wife (driving) first noticed 1 bigger orangish light hovering at least 300 ft or more above ground level, which looked fairly large and was kind of dull in color, I first thought of a meteor because of color and size, then I noticed it was not moving. Thats when the object seemed to either multiply or deploy a smaller brighter orb as the big light simotaniously disappeared from my sight. As the the orb started to move and descend alone I noticed an orange trail very similar to a meteors fire tail, almost identical, but was moving or falling to slow to be one. Then as it was falling (in a path similar to a leaf or side to side pattern) we both watched a second orb literally appear out of nowhere, stunned at this point we were both in awe at the orbs movement and color/fire trail of these orbs when the third one popped up a few seconds after the second we were shocked and I was honestley a little scared and worried as these 3 objects gradually descended to the tree line one by one in different patterns, I turned my phones camera on by this time just to notice that the camera really didn't help, we could see the 3 orbs moving and falling behind the tree line on the video but it doesnt show the brightness or orange/fire like trail behind them as they fall behind the tree line. We drove the the area for a while, not seeing anything except the smaller plane circling a large area around us. After the 30 minute ride home, that same plane with the same lights was still in the same airspace a mile or so up, a lot higher than then the 100-150 feet it was flying when it flew right in front of us as the orbs were falling. I still cant explain what we saw tonight, but I just hope someone else saw what we did. That was actually our second time seeing orange orbs together, we saw 30+ large orange orbs hovering very low directly over a neighborhood in raeford, NC in 2005, as we passed the lights we lost sight behind trees, made 2 u-turns to drive by again but were not there the second time, about 3 minutes later. Twice me and my wife have saw orange orbs and cannot explain any of it.
