{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-02-11 01:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282639","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120812","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2792,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/639/mufon-5282639.json","updb_database_id":5282639}
Extremely bright light approached then I experienced missing time.

Here is my experience I would like your thoughts on.

Back in 1988 I worked nightshight. I lived just north of Toronto Canada at the time. I got off early and was driving home. It was a clear night. The area I was driving through was hilly, a few farmers fields but mostly wooded.

As I was driving I was listening to a sports talk show on the radio. The host was bantering back and forth with a caller. They were being funny and I laughed a little. I stopped at a red light and noticed it was 12:59 am on the clock. The light turned green and I proceeded to go. The road went down a slight hill then up a larger one. As I was driving up the hill I could see the headlights from an approaching car coming towards me on the other side of the hill. The lights kept getting brighter and I thought ok, turn your high beams down. The lights got so bright that as they passed me I had to turn my head away from them. My first reaction was being pretty annoyed. I looked in the rear view mirror to see what I thought had to have been a transport truck. There was nothing there. I fully expected to see red taillights of a truck. I was not even a minute from the traffic lights and could still see them in the mirror. It dawn on me that I did not hear anything pass me. No truck, no rush of wind. It was then I realized that the host on the radio was arguing with a different caller. Odd I thought. When I looked at the radio it was now 1:05 am. Even though I hadn’t driven more than a minute. 

15 years later at 43 I suffered a stroke. I was at two different hospitals and had many different tests. One day the Neurologist came in to see me. He said he was a little puzzled by one of the scans they took of my head. They tried to scan from the lower back of my skull to the front. He told me the problem was there is an oval shaped metallic object in my brain blocking the view he wanted. He said he consulted some colleagues and the consensus is they have no idea what it is, why it is there or even how it could have possibly gotten there. My mind immediately went back to my incident that night 15 years earlier.

Thoughts anyone?
