{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-08 21:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286639","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116743","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2965,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/639/mufon-5286639.json","updb_database_id":5286639}
6 objects resembling candle flames

6 flamelike objects emerged from singular spot in sky and first 2 flew south, southeast then east one disappeared behind home nearby and the second dematerialized almost directly above me at almost 90degrees from horizon. 3 more these were also witnessed by my father after ringing their doorbell next door and asking him to help me figure out what I was looking at, they were moving very oddly in semi formation. He also witnessed them disappear in cloudless clear sky then a sixth appeared and I was able to get my phone just in time to see it move strangely before also disappearing in the same area of sky where they 1st were spotted. I felt in shock after. I also saw a solo flamelike object to the NW of where I live on July 1st at approx same time 9:10pm for about 3 minutes. Also saw one afternoon about a week after the first siting a strange light blueish object that I initially thought was a balloon that was two perfectly shaped cubes connected vertically and half twisted like a Rubik's cube, the top one had what appeared as a green laser dot in center and felt as though I was underwater watching a lifeform swimming in the sky, weird I know. It was a perfectly clear cloudless sky, the object was less than 200ft from me, had no string attached as a balloon would. As soon as I realized I was looking at something strange I noted it's trajectory and location in sky so I could find it after I ran to grab my phone. Came back out with my phone less than 10 seconds later and it was absolutely gone, nowhere to be found. I searched the sky immediately went around the corner to get a full view of the sky looking where I thought it would have been and everywhere else. A few nights later while looking at big dipper spotted a star that I was unaware of, as soon as I realized it seemed out of place it moved to the N from directly over my home and disappeared. The last thing I saw was what looked like the flame things but was white light also with no indicator lights but pulsing then approx a minute after losing track of it saw what looked like a meteor fizzling out, just figured I would mention it.
