{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-01-26 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290639","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112699","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4207,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/639/mufon-5290639.json","updb_database_id":5290639}
Real video with screen shots from the video and an edited version to help better see the transparent entity

This is the real deal! No joke, nothing but evidence of a real UFO and an Alien ( which seems invisible but not to the camera on a cell phone. ) It’s almost like the Predator movie. We were able to see the UFO in the sky which is what we were watching the entire time and it wasn’t until the next day that the alien ( which is seen running from out of the weeds in the middle of the screen as the headlights turn on and the car starts moving but you’ve gotta pay attention to see it. the first time it was noticed and we were able to actually see what the phones camera had captured. After that night I’d noticed online that there were a ton of reported sightings of a similar object described to have been “floating” in the sky and that a few other people I’d talked to had seen it also. Towards the end it’s almost like you see flames shooting out of the back of the UFO as it shoots upwards out of the frame as it takes off from its “floating” position. In the bottom left hand side of the video near the end of it you see some lights and as the recording closes you see them begin to move upwards.... right before we left the area ( the lights I’m talking about turned out to be another ufo ) the ufo ended up right above the vehicle and it was extremely large, quiet, and in a triangular shape. It was only as high as the tree tops and that’s it. Looking back the situation seems like it would cause panic but it was actually an extremely calm feeling as all of this was being witnessed. I just wanted to share this simply because this is the most legitimate proof I’ve personally ever seen. I know there will be people saying anything and everything about it but this is 100% legit and the only editing that’s been done is the removal of the audio because it was requested. There’s really nothing to miss out on with that being removed. There’s been absolutely no alterations besides that to this footage. Watch as the alien runs from behind the weeds and and stops to duck down behind some other weeds, only to immediately jump up and take off running up what seems to be stairs or something of that manner and right before it disappears completely, he seems to turn his head and look right at the camera or at least in the direction of it. You can also see throughout the video a round shadow on the ground but nothing seeming to be present there to cause it... let me know if there’s anything I’ve missed and you might have seen in this video. See for yourself just pay close attention because it’s not super easy to see at first but once you see it, it’s clear as can be.
