{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-13 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529639","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25876","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4855,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/639/mufon-5529639.json","updb_database_id":5529639}
Cigar shaped object hovering over belmont ave.

My son and i were on our way home from my fathers house this evening and heading south down his road i noticed what i at that moment thought was a plane or a helicopter, judging by the lights as it was dark out. We see several types of aircraft in the area because of the local air force base and airport as well as helicopters from the local hospital. I was having a conversation with my son and every few seconds looked back up at the lights, after several times, i decided this had to be a helicopter heading south(my same direction)toward the hospital and it wasn't moving fast away from me. At the end of the road i have to make a left, go down through a hollow and make a right onto belmont ave. heading south again. Just after we got onto belmont ave. i looked back up and realized this thing is not moving because i'm gaining ground on it. I asked my son to look at this thing out the side window. neither one of us could figure out what this was as we drove up to it. I slowed down and we drove under this thing hovering in the air, both looking out the side windows. My best guess is that this object was 150-200' off the ground and at that height was about the size of a bus. It was cigar/blimp shapped, had a red 
flashing light at one end and a blue flashing light on the other, which up to this point seemed like normal aircraft lights to me but this thing had 3 square bright white lights through the center of it. When we were driving under it i couldn't decide if they where white lights or windows lit from the inside, so i asked my son, and he thought windows. We agreed with each other this thing was dark gray or black in color as we could just barely make out its shape against the dark sky but it seemed to be made of metal and we didn't notice any sound coming from it.
The lights from the business signs lit it up a little.
This thing was hovering in the same area for several minutes as i drove up to it and belmont ave. had traffic on it as well as RT.80, which crosses over belmont right where this thing was so someone else had to see it. 
The strangest part of this is after we had gone under this thing going about 25 mph. i looked for a place to pull off the road, we traveled about 20 yards and pulled into a parking lot, we both leaned over to look at it through the passenger side windows and it was gone. 
I live just down the road from were this happened so we flew home, got out of the car and scanned the sky for a few minutes again and saw nothing. We went into our house and told my wife what we had just seen and went back outside. my son and i stood facing north scanning the sky and comparing what we noticed about this object and he turned my attention to a cluster of bright lights in the distance to the north. They looked a lot like the lights i believed to be an aircraft earlier. I got out my cell phone and called my dad because they seemed to be in the area of his house, the lights were brite enough that he would definatly see them. I told him to go outside and look north in the sky for these lights, they seemed to be hovering in one spot. He put the phone down and as we waited for him to come back the lights descended as if they were landing, straight down slowly, till they disappeard behind RT 80. He came back and said he saw nothing so they must have been south of him, so in between our houses. 
My neibors noticed us and asked what we were doing so we told them the story and we all stood out in the street looking around and noticed there was a road crew working up on RT80 so its possible that they saw this thing or things if the second can be considered out of the ordinary.
After talking with the neibors about it for a few minutes i decided to check the time and it was 9:55pm.
We also noticed a few minutes later that there were quite a few planes in the air to the north, in the direction of the air base and they seemed to be circling the area north of RT 80 flying low.
I had my son draw a sketch of what he saw and i drew one of what i saw.
