{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-12 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506239","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52566","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4001,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/239/mufon-5506239.json","updb_database_id":5506239}
{cak} Pulsating lights and rumbling sounds almost thunderstorm like hovered over crane naval base for at least 8 hours. Pulses were rhythmic and could be timed. There were times when lights were random also.

My wife and I separated earlier this year and she rented a house that is in the vicinity of crane naval base in Indiana. We decided to work things out so I started spending time with her at her house. The time these events occurred happened during a weekend but I cant recall the exact date but it was sometime in September 2013. We were inside the house watching tv and we heard what sounded like thunder so I went outside to check out what I thought was a thunderstorm. I could see what seemed to be a large thunderstorm heading straight towards us, our prevailing wind at that time of year comes from the southwest so Im going to say that it was coming from the southwest heading northeast. But without actually being there with a compass in my hand I cannot verify for sure that was the correct direction. It seemed like a very intense storm to me so I decided to watch it as it came in as I am infatuated with watching storms. As I watched the wind picked up and I would say that it was blowing a steady 20mph and gusting to 30mph. After watching the storm for about 30 minutes I noticed that it was still hovering in the exact same place, directly over crane naval base. I then started to pay closer attention to the lightning, it was rhythmically pulsing a flash about every 10 seconds. It would do this for a couple minutes and then it would just randomly start to flash. I never seen any actual bolts of lightning just the light inside the clouds which at some points looked to be very low to the ground. The thunder was very loud and deep, rolling out a very long time and every now and then it would give off a sudden very loud bang of thunder. The atmosphere and the air felt electrified and just very thick and heavy. It was seemingly difficult to breathe at times and I felt somewhat dizzy at times while watching this. I watched this for probably 3 hours steady, until midnight or a little after when my wife made me come to bed. I was woke up several times throughout the night by the thunder and each time I got up and went outside and it was exactly the same as when I first started watching it at around 9 pm. I woke up about an hour before dawn and watched it until daylight and it was like you flipped a switch at daylight the whole thing stopped and the sky cleared up. The next night the exact same thing happened only my wife joined me in watching this time. As this was happening we decided to check the local radar and although there was what seemed to be a severe thunderstorm happening the news showed clear skys. I attempted to video this on my phone and my camera malfunctioned and would not work, my wifes camera was also malfunctioning on her phone so we were unable to record this at all. I was able to take one photo at the very beginning of the edge of this storm right at dusk. we were unable to use our cameras after this photo was taken. I feel personally as if the government was conducting some kind of weather modification experiment as this happened 2 nights in a row and the storm just hovered over the naval base and started at dark and abruptly ended at daylight.
