{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-14 12:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502239","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56773","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4435,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/239/mufon-5502239.json","updb_database_id":5502239}
{dr}Confusing..never experienced this. Telepathic Abduction is all i can think of.

I wanna start by saying, I was never into ufo's or aliens..I never bought into the whole subject, but something's have changed my mind. These are the things. It was in the middle of January of this year ( 2014 ) a week day, and I was sitting in my living room watching television..come to think of it,. It must of been a Friday, the only reason I say that is because it's my husband's day off and he was home at the time. Well I was in my living room watching tv when all the sudden I became very tired..like I haven't slept. I got up and went in to my bedroom to lay down. Now it's after 12 pm in the afternoon, and I remember that a certain talk show was on. I climbed in to bed next to my husband, and and closed my eyes..it didn't take long where I was so tired unexpectedly. When I closed my eyes I seen the normal black, but then there was this small circle of electric blue and white light that grew larger..it looked almost like electric lightning. I could still hear the tv and feel my husband, but I couldn't move. All of the sudden the electric circle was gone and I was walking through someone's backyard ( I've never been there before ) and I can remember every detail of it too. I felt confused, but confident in where I was going, but wasn't sure why or who's house this was. As I walked through the backyard I noticed it was dat time as well and I could see an above ground pool with a maroon tarp on it..that stood out to me because I never seen a maroon pool cover..only blue. The backdoor was 2 sliding glass doors..I opened the door and walked into a kitchen and I walked through the kitchen in to the living room. The front door was ahead to the left straight, the couch and chair was to the right and looked like a fireplace too..the main Windows were behind the couch straight ahead. I noticed a staircase to the second floor..now while I'm goin through this I can feel my husband move around and hear the tv still ,but still can't move or talk. The stairs had about 4 steps before you got to the main staircase..this was also weird..I've never seen this before..well I took the 4 steps and as I was about to ascend the staircase I heard this loud..awful..humming..buzzing sound..my ears couldn't stand it. Then suddenly I was gone. The noise stopped and I was in this dark room..all I could see were 2 aliens standing in front of me about 10 feet. I knew they wanted me to walk over to them, and in between them was a ..what looked like to me..a 50" flat screen television. I wasn't afraid to be near them..I was curious,and confused. As I walked over to them I had an urge to go to the black square in between them. Remind you they never once talked to me and I never opened my mouth..(I can still hear my television in my room going) as I got closer to the square I realized it was a window and they were showing me an Ariel view of the place I was just in. I asked with my thoughts..what is this? Why they showing me this? Then all the sudden I seen the electric blue and white lightning circle again...I couldn't move..tell..open my eyes. The circle disappeared and within 40 seconds I opened my eye's feeling exhausted. I looked around freaked out..not knowing what to think. I had told my husband what happened, and he said he had to tell me something. He said a week before that he had woken up after 2 am and there was a white beam of light shining in but from above..so you could tell it was coming from above the house. He was too scared to move, but he said it disappeared in less then a minute. He wouldn't get out of bed and didn't wanna tell me because he thought I'd think he was crazy. Me and my husband never believed in this stuff..my dad was always a believer..I use to tell him he was crazy and now I'm not so sure.
