{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-25 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493239","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66278","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4097,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/239/mufon-5493239.json","updb_database_id":5493239}
{nd} Square shaped UFO 5.25.15 at 1am

Around 12:40am on May 25, 2015, my daughter and I arrived home after working and we felt that something wasn't right with the environment. We observed the sky and the few clouds that were there moved at a strangely unsteady pace, the moon looked blurry, and there was a breeze that had a feeling of uncertainty attached to it. There are 3 graveyards within a very short walking distance of our home and we frequently go ghost hunting (with great success) so we thought maybe there was something paranormal going on. We walked over to a large, grassy park near the graveyards behind our house. It is an open area with very little light interference at night and there is a great view of the sky. We stood out there for several minutes to try and get a feel for what may be going on and it felt a little creepy, as if we were being watched. All of the sudden I saw a shooting star, then another a couple minutes later. Immediately after the second one, I looked to the north/northeast and saw what I thought may be a large airplane in the distance. The only thing that seemed odd was that there were 2 large, bright lights and they were not blinking. I told my daughter to look at it, and it flew at what appeared to be a slow pace (hard to tell in the dark from a distance) in our direction. It appeared to speed up a little and finally got close enough for us to see that it looked like a giant black square. Because it was dark out, it was difficult to see any details except for the lights on it. As it flew slowly and quietly (absolutely no sound was made) less than 2 miles above our heads, we noticed that there were 2 large, round bright lights in the front not blinking, one small red light on the bottom blinking very slowly, and 2 large, round bright lights on the back blinking in unison every couple seconds. We started waving our hands and shouting, and the craft slowed down temporarily over our heads, then slowly increased speed again to continue on the straight path it was flying. It flew away at a pace slower than any airplane I have ever seen, and when it got a few miles away, we saw that it had stopped and was hovering. It stayed there for about a minute, then slowly increased speed again, eventually disappearing from our sight, although it was a great distance away when we last saw it, thanks to the large bright lights. As this was happening, we quietly talked here and there about what we were witnessing, but we couldn't really move, which was a result of us being in awe and not because we were frozen by some energy field from the craft. We just didn't want to move. After several minutes when it finally was out of view, we turned and looked at each other, excited about our observation and all I could say was "We just witnessed a UFO!" After that, 2 more shooting stars fell, the second less than a couple minutes behind the first. As far as I know, there was no meteor shower that night, but to see 2 before the craft and 2 after was very interesting. We went home, my daughter went to bed, and I got some water and headed back out. I laid out there in the field for a while but didn't see much of anything else, but I did search the internet a few hours later and found a report from the Washington Post mentioning a low, slow-flying aircraft that was seen in the area around 1am...They've been here before and they will be back!
