{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-13 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489839","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69764","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3475,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/839/mufon-5489839.json","updb_database_id":5489839}
Rays of lights shinning behind range, also witnessed a white Orb with flaring at night lasting 5sec following week

Lights and an Orb over MacDonnell Ranges Australia

In July this year over two weeks, a friend of mine and her fellow university students from Sydney were doing geological field excursions in and around the N1Dhala Gorge, East MacDonnell Ranges in the Northern Territory of Australia.
They were staying at a homestead called Ross River, which was situated about 65km east of Alice Springs. In their first week over three nights 13th, 14th and 15thof July they came across a find that was totally out of the ordinary. 
While returning back to their cabins after dinner, my friend and seven other students witnessed rays of coloured lights (red, blue and yellow) rising up behind the Ranges to their southwest .This display lasted for at least thirty minutes. She said over this period the lights would fade and become bright again, and their colours would mix producing more complex colours. Unfortunately these lights where over 2km away, too far to get a suitable photo with their I phones. She said at the time they were all totally bewildered by these lights. After the second and third night of witnessing these lights they decided that the next day they would actually go to the area where these lights were appearing from. When they got there they could not find any evidence at all that would cause the appearance of these lights!                                                                               

But the best was yet to come. On the night of the 21st of July while again returning to their cabins from dinner, my friend and four other students witnessed a much closer sighting of a bright white orb(see photo) .It was about 500 meters to the north at angle of 45 degrees and was travelling slowly from west to east, no sound was heard. The orb was roughly the size of your thumb nail with your arm out stretched. She was very lucky to get a photo because the sighting only lasted about 5 seconds. This photo was taken at 8.06 pm. Also if you look at the photo I1ve included, you will notice what looks to be like flaring shooting out from the top and bottom of the object and also coming out of the objects left hand side. These are not camera flares, this is what it looked like with the naked eye, according to my friend. And the clincher is, the top and bottom flares were actually 1horizontal1 before she took the photograph!!! So it actually rotated in a split second into this position just before it disappeared. Some of you might say it looks like a full Moon but if you check the records it was just over a half moon on the night of the 21st July 2015
She also said that if you look closely, the orb actually looks slightly oval shaped!
