{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-08-15 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513839","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44415","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5392,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/839/mufon-5513839.json","updb_database_id":5513839}
(GS) Driving home from the city, late at night, saw a star in the southern end of the sky, realized not a star, thought airplane, than it came down to vehicle and hovered by our car before taking off.

My husband and I were leaving from Rapid City after we had finished shopping, we were driving south on Highway 44 toward the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation, where we lived. It was about 10:30 p.m., I had just got off the phone with our kids, to tell them we would be back around 11:30 p.m., I knew we were about an hour away from our house because we passed this country general gas/store, which is about 18 miles south of Rapid City. As we are driving, my husband noticed a light in the sky, showed it to me and told me "that star is really bright", I looked at the "star", but told him "No, thats not a star, its in the wrong position, there are no stars, especially bright ones, in that direction". The reason I knew this, was because, like my husband, I had grown up in the area and my Grandpa used to show me the different costellations and tell me Native American stories about them. I noticed this "star" was flashing red than blue, than red, than blue. My husband than said "I think its an airplane, maybe flight-for-life (medical plane/helicopter)?" (I was thinking flight-for-life helicopter), but after both of us looked at it closely we realized, its not, because at night, usually the plane has two distinct seperate lights, white on the tail, red on the wing, sometimes green on the other wing, as does the helipcopter). My husband and I, at the time, both worked for Public Safety so we were familiar with different medical vehicles. These lights were not like that, they were flashing like they were in the same place, not seperate. As Im driving, we are discussing the light/"star", at this time, it was as high as a small airplane would be in the sky to us, and it seemed to be coming closer to us, like it was going to go over us. Than all of a sudden it comes straight out of the sky toward us, like the light just got bigger, which makes me slam on, as my husband is yelling at me to stop. I have slammed on because this thing is right in front of my car, this "light" has somehow turned into an orb, a round metallic looking (like molten silver or gold, but reflective)orb with spinning rings going around it (it looks like the planet Saturn) and these rings, which are not rings, are sparking blue than red (like static electricity) and I get the impression that this is what is powering this "vehicle". I don't know why I think that, but I do. I am so scared, and my husband is yelling (I have never ever heard my husband yell that way), I want to look at my husband, but I am too scared to take my eyes off this object. Its like everything in my life, spiritual, mental, physical, instincts, has all turned upside down, because I cannot believe what I am seeing or thinking, Im numb. This orb than comes to the drivers side, probably about 50 feet away, its on the other side of the road and its in the ditch hovering, slowly moving north, just hovering, and I remember seeing the reflection of the light poles, the sky, the ground, the fence and the road as it goes by, than I see my van in its reflection, and I see the reflection of me and my husband (my husband is ducking back into the van), and it made no sound as it went by, but I remember thinking "it just wants to see who we are, its curious". Everything seemed to slow down, as its going by, than sound and sensation seems to come back to me, I hear my husband hollering "Im going to shoot it!" and I can hear him rummaging under the seat for his safety box where his gun is stored. Im still staring at this orb, watching the lights as they circled the circumference of this orb, and I realize Im crying and whimpering, I have passed beyond being stunned or scared and I don't remember doing these things, I just know that my face is wet and I feel like my heart is going to burst. I than look away to see what my husband is doing, and he has his gun out, and ducks back out of the car, my husband looks back in the car at me and says it was there, than when he went back out of the vehicle, it was gone. I am so upset that my husband takes over the driving and the whole time during the drive, we don't say a word to each other and I cry all the way back home (you have to understand, I don't easily cry, I grew up with 7 brothers and a bunch of boy cousins, Im pretty tough, but this, this one night has changed how I look at the world). You would think that after seeing something that extroidinary, you would be talking, excitedly, but it was like we were drained. We havent been able to tell anyone, even our kids, what happened that night, this is the first time "talking" about it.
