{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1957-09-17 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526839","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28824","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":11950,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/839/mufon-5526839.json","updb_database_id":5526839}
Three circular white luminous UFOs; Air Force jets searching for them; one jet chased one of the UFOs

At about 7:30 P.M. on 17-Sep-1957 my father, my mother, my sister (then age 7) and I (then age 9) were riding in the family automobile on South Transit Road in the Town of Lockport (Niagara County), NY, a short distance south of the City of Lockport. We were driving south on Transit Road to go to the nearby Tastee Freeze frozen custard stand. My father was driving, my mother was in the front seat on the passenger side, my sister was in the back seat on the passenger side and I was in the back seat on the drivers side.

All of a sudden out of the corner of my eye I caught sight of an unusual object descending in the western sky towards the horizon at a very rapid rate. The descent path was at angle to the vertical. Just before the object would have reached the horizon, there was a brilliant flash and the object then rapidly moved back up in the sky away from the horizon, in an ascent path that was a mirror image of the descent path. The angle between the descent path and the ascent path was about 30 degrees. The event was as if the object had bounced off a point in space.

As soon as I observed the object and the flash, I got my sister to trade places with me in the back seat so I could get a better view through the passenger side rear window. My Dad pulled the car over to the side of the road so the four of us could watch the object.

The object was circular in shape. The object1s size was about the same as that of an eraser of a yellow wooden school pencil held at arm1s length. The object was white, luminous and bright, but not shiny. The object1s appearance was very much like if one could cut a circle of appropriate size from the glowing white light emitted by a fluorescent light bulb. The edges of the circle were distinct, not fuzzy. The object had no markings, wings or other appendages of any kind. There was no indication of structure. There were no vapors, smoke or trails.

From the apparent size of the fighter jets that later appeared (see below), I would guess the object was a few miles from us (a few miles to the west of us), although I am neither skilled nor trained in making distance estimates.

The flash was very brilliant. Based on my observations of burning magnesium in later years, I would say the brilliance was at least as great as that of a magnesium flare. The duration of the flash was short (less than a second).

After we pulled over to the side of the road, I and my parents and sister became aware of two additional objects in the western sky of identical appearance to that of the first object. I can1t say if the other two objects suddenly appeared after the flash, or if we simply became aware of the other two objects. I can say that there were three separate objects, all of the same appearance.

There was no sound associated with any of the objects and no sound associated with the flash.

After the flash the three objects moved about in the sky at slow speed, in all (seemingly random) directions. They moved independently, not as a group, changing their relative positions over time. They moved with no particular pattern or direction. Sometimes one or more of the objects appeared to be stationary in the sky.

About five to ten minutes after I first saw the first object, about five or six military jet airplanes arrived in the area. My guess would be that they were Air Force or Air National Guard fighter jets from the nearby base in Niagara Falls, NY. The movement of the jets indicated to me that the pilots of the jets were looking for something. They were in the general area of the three objects. The jets appeared to be fairly close to us, each appearing about a half to three-quarters of an inch long were one to hold a ruler at arm1s length (thus indicating to me that the jets and the objects were perhaps a few miles to the west of us). The jets were far enough away that we couldn1t hear the sound of their engines.

After the jets were in the area for a few minutes, one of the jets suddenly moved southward directly towards one of the objects (presumably in pursuit of the object). As soon as the jet started moving towards the object, the object immediately moved away from the jet at a very high rate of speed, at least an order of magnitude faster than the jet. The jet appeared to lose track of the object and after a while the jets left the area.

Dad, Mom, my sister and I observed the three objects for a total of about 60 to 90 minutes. The objects slowly moved towards the southwest and slowly moved upward in the sky. In order that we could continue observing the objects, Dad drove our car towards the southwest over secondary roads west of Transit Road. If I remember correctly, this included crossing by bridge over the Erie Canal, although I can1t be sure.

As time passed the three objects slowly moved (seemingly drifted) towards the southwest and higher in the sky, and daylight diminished. We eventually lost sight of the objects.

Several days later Dad submitted a written report on our sighting to the National Investigations Committee on Aerial Phenomena (NICAP), an organization to which Dad already belonged and to which I would later also belong.

An article about my Dad in the 4-Jan-1958 edition of the Lockport Union-Sun & Journal newspaper included comments by Dad on UFOs and on our 17-Sep-1957 sighting.

I can tell you with certainty that the objects we observed on 17-Sep-1957 were NOT airplanes, helicopters, weather balloons, any other kinds of balloons, birds, reflections, mirages, unusual meteorological phenomena, stars, planets, the moon, comets, meteors, asteroids or any other kind of astronomical objects.

My sighting of the three objects is something that I will never, ever forget.

Can you tell me if anyone else ever reported the objects that Dad, Mom, my sister and I observed on 17-Sep-1957?

There were three other occasions when I saw an unusual object in the sky. The first case was later in the 1950s or in the early 1960s. My father, my mother, my sister and I observed an object while we were parked on Church Street in the City of Lockport one evening. The object was stationary in the sky. I don1t remember much about this, except that when I looked at the object through binoculars it appeared to be spherical. I don1t remember the object1s coloring. My best guess is that the object likely was a weather balloon or something similar.

The second occasion remains much stronger in my memory. This sighting occurred in the 1980s when I worked at AT&T Bell Laboratories on the east side of Columbus, Ohio and lived in Delaware, Ohio to the north of Columbus. It was about 5:00 P.M. and I was driving north on the eastern portion of I-270, the Interstate loop that encircles Columbus. When I was near the southeast corner of the Columbus airport I observed to my left (west) a fairly large cigar shaped object sitting low in the sky (but high enough that I could see it above houses and trees). One1s immediate reaction would be that this was simply a blimp (like the Goodyear blimp) at the airport. However, several things make me still wonder about the object: (1) The cigar shaped object was definitely brown in color, not gray. My understanding is that blimps are usually gray in color. (2) As soon as I saw the object, I immediately thought to myself that this object was 1a million years old1. This is perhaps an unusual thought to occur when observing an aerial object. (3) I did not pull over to the side of the highway to better observe the object, but rather kept on driving. This may have been because of heavy traffic, but I remember thinking that someone didn1t want me to continue looking at the object.

Because I kept on driving, I observed the object for only a short time (perhaps a minute). Certainly it could have been a brown blimp, but I1ve always felt I saw something unusual that day and I1ve always remembered my thinking that the object was a million years old.

The third occasion was in the late 1990s. My wife and I were passengers on a bus taking Carolina Hurricanes hockey fans from Raleigh, NC to a game in Greensboro, NC. We were traveling west on I-40 in the afternoon. My wife and I both saw a very unusual object in the sky to the south, through the windows on the left side of the bus. We watched the object for several minutes. We immediately recognized that the object was very unusual but (strangely) didn1t pay much attention to details. I remembering we discussed whether or not the object was following my wife and me. I don1t remember much about the object, other than it was fairly large and easily visible, that it was not a balloon, airplane or helicopter, and that it was stationary in the sky.

At the risk of sounding like a crackpot or sounding like someone who is mentally imbalanced (neither of which I am), I should mention that there have been several events in my past that I find troubling. I1ll provide details on two of these events.

One event was when I was visiting with my mother in Lockport in the 1980s. At the time I lived and worked in Erie, Pennsylvania. One evening I took Mom out for a ride in my car. I drove to the area in the Town of Lockport where we had seen the three UFOs in 1957. For some reason I parked on the side of one of the secondary roads we followed on 17-Sep-1957, I suppose to think about our sighting many decades earlier. I remember a Niagara County Sheriff1s Department deputy stopping to ask if we were OK.

The other event occurred when I was a child, either before or after the sighting of 17-Sep-1957. One time I and some of my friends rode our bicycles southward on Beattie Ave in the City of Lockport to the intersection with Robinson Road in the Town of Lockport. Robinson Road runs east-west. At the time there was a fenced field (farm land?) on the south side of Robinson Road. I remember that I and my friends rode there to look for evidence of a UFO landing in the field. I also remember that we went over the fence to look around in the field and that we found indentations in the field that we took to be physical evidence of a UFO landing in the field. I and my friends going to the field definitely occurred. I don1t know whether or not something of significance occurred in that field previously.

If I were given the opportunity to undergo hypnotic regression to refresh my memories of these and other events, I would welcome such opportunity.

By profession I am a software engineer, although I am currently unemployed. I graduated second in my class in high school. I graduated from Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute (RPI) in Troy, NY with a B.S. in Electrical Engineering in 1970 and in 1991 I earned a Masters degree in Computing and Information Science from Case Western Reserve University (CWRU) of Cleveland, OH. I1ve worked as a telecommunications engineer, systems engineer and software engineer for General Telephone Company of Pennsylvania (GTE), ITT Corporation, AT&T Bell Laboratories, Bell Northern Research (BNR)/Northern Telecom/Nortel Networks and Corona Networks.

My parents are now deceased. My sister is still living; she lives with her husband and children in Lockport.

If you have any questions, please feel free to contact me.
