{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-08-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505839","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52999","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2356,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/839/mufon-5505839.json","updb_database_id":5505839}
{nd} Saw flashes through my bedroom window around 2 am

So I was a teenager when this happened and I didn't know there was a place to report things like this until just now. I was in my bedroom on the second floor, my bed faced the window. The window faced the back yard of my property which was full of tall trees and very woodsy. Anyway all of a sudden I was awake for some reason, I had this really paranoid feeling like something was watching me. I lied in bed very still to see if the feeling would pass but it kept getting stronger. After a while of this, there we three flashes of light that came from my eye level (on the second floor) from one of the trees closest to my window. It was almost like someone was sitting in the tree taking pictures of my through my second story window, but the flashes were too large to be from a camera. I was terrified ( and just a kid) so I didn't really move but I watched that tree like a hawk until the morning and nobody and no thing ever came down out of it ( like how you would see tree branches move when somebody is climbing a tree, that never happened in fact the tree never moved at all). Also there was absolute silence this entire time, cameras at that time would have made a very loud noise especially for a flash that large and bright . I didn't ever really see an object I just saw those three flashes, so there was really no "losing sight of the object." The next day, after staying up all night and being just a kid, I just chalked it up to some weird occurrence and I thought maybe my imagination was running wild because I was only like 12-13, I thought maybe I would get an explanation as time went on. But the older I got the more I realized that event was totally unexplainable and seriously disturbing.
