{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-23 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290839","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112499","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4175,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/839/mufon-5290839.json","updb_database_id":5290839}
Following orb for 45 minutes in car for 50 miles

My wife and I came across a single white orb in front of us in the summertime evening low in the sky. At first it appeared to be maybe as low as 500 ft as it passed directly over us. I turned my vehicle around and gave chase. We tried to keep up with it traveling about 45-60 mph. We kept the orb in view the whole time we followed it. I estimate the orb stayed in front of us maybe at least a 1/2 mile as the chase started. I’m trying to stay within posted speed limits as I don’t want to create a speeding issue. At times when I could I would speed up to keep the 1/2 mile distance but noticed orb slowly pulling away but have still have excellent view. I was driving and viewing both road and orb while my wife the passenger in front seat kept viewing the whole time directing me when I couldn’t see because of trying to do both ( driving and viewing). We observed this orb paralleling the lake shore in a NW direction approximately a 1/4-1/2 miles over water at estimated 500-1000 ft. The intensity of the orb’s white glow remained consistent during this chase as first viewed and continued solid bright white. We hugged the lake shore on route 5 trying to stay at posted speed limits thru the city of Erie and stopped briefly in a parking lot just north of the Erie airport to view orb. I opened my moonroof on my vehicle to shine a high power led flashlight at it and my wife said it appeared to stop and that’s what I thought too. I put the flash light in strobe motion as it’s aimed at the orb. It seemed the orb stopped like it was just hung in the air and maybe it noticed our flashlight strobing at it. This lasted about 30 seconds then orb slowly started moving in the direction it was headed paralleling the lakeshore. The next thing I thought was does the Erie airport see this too. Who knows? So we continue to follow. I was now able to apply more speed to this chase as posted speed limit has increased to 45-55. But I pushed 45-65 at times on route 5 into Ohio up to Ashtabula which now becomes route 20. There wasn’t a lot of traffic in front of me so it was easy to view and drive. We were following this orb for about 45 minutes and I thought well were not going to catch it so I decided to head back home thinking what was I following? We turned left to go south to interstate 90 from Ashtabula, Ohio. When we got to I90 we were up on the I90 ridge that looks down north over the area and you can see miles over Lake Erie from that height advantage and we could still see that orb still heading in the same direction. From where we were to the orb I estimate maybe 10 miles out and it’s light intensity never changed. It was a clear night with stars shining but the orb stood out very bright still paralleling the lakeshore at low altitude. As we were heading back east on I90 towards home I could look over my left shoulder towards the lakeshore and still see the orb just as bright, it never dimmed. It was going west and I was going east and I could still see it, it’s intensity never changed. I eventually lost sight of it because of trees blocking my sight.we followed this orb for over 45 miles. This orb had to be witnessed by someone besides me and my wife. We heard nothing more on this in the local news. Driving home the one thing that I wondered was, did did anyone at the Erie airport witness this? It was just north of them. I was tempted to call the airport when I got home but decided not to. In ohio just west of Ashtabula theres a nuclear power plant in perry. Just saying......
