{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-28 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506839","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51912","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3897,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/839/mufon-5506839.json","updb_database_id":5506839}
{kt}Mass Sighting Many Objects with Lights Flying Right Over Inner Harbor & Downtown

I live in a 5th floor apartment in downtown Baltimore. My wall facing the north has a large window that stretches in parts from the living room, dining room to the bedroom. I have a clear view of the John Hopkins Hospital, The Inner Harbor, downtown and Northeast Baltimore City. This was a massive sighting. All the lights were off in my house and at first, I noticed 3 blinking white lights overhead. From there I witnessed many objects coming in from the west. They would suddenly appear over the downtown Baltimore Cemetery that is adjacent to Greenmount Avenue between Preston Street and North Ave. 

They started to come in a procession, a parade. Most were moving at the same altitude but there were others that were lower and others which were higher. I have a pair of binoculars and focused in on both ones near and far. The shapes of the crafts were very hard to determine but the way the lights pulsated and blinked in a pattern was quite different than anything I ever saw before. I have never witnessed hardly any aircraft flying in the area. I mean this is Downtown Baltimore and like most major cities, I am positive this is a NO-FLY ZONE. 

I called two friends over and they were astounded. I tried to film it with my digital camera and even though I focused the camera directly on many ships, the ship and the lights would not show up. I tried numerous times. I attempted to take pictures with my cell phone and with my digital camera. What I was seeing with the naked eye, was not appearing on any of my electronic devices. After about an hour or an hour and a half, the sky quieted down some. 

In the initial procession, I think it is fair to say there were at least 30 ships that moved by. I also noticed when looking through the binoculars, they were not moving like a plane or helicopter does. They sort of thrusted and jolted every few seconds like with bursts if energy they appeared to be gliding in small bursts. I also noted a few that moved in strange and unfamiliar patterns like a pyramid. I continued to watch out the window and more came. So many flew into, over, around, and then away from downtown Baltimore, I soon lost count. it had to be over 100. There were no sounds. However, when a helicopter was flying in the same distance, you could hear it. Also, when they would fly over the John Hopkins complex, they would begin to glow very white and very bright and the green and red lights would disappear. They also looked like this over the Inner Harbor, but it is a little distance from my building, so I am not sure if I was able to really get an accurate description from that far. 

I am certain of what I saw, and I am saddened I could not get any type of video or picture of it. But I did have two witnesses. And a third one if you include my friend’s dog who climbed up in the window and you could tell he too also sensed something there. I hope other people in Maryland saw this and come forward. I will continue watching this evening. It is now 10:45Pm. I just looked out the window from the west and there is an ENORMOUS ONE approaching. I will return tomorrow and add a new report if needed and continue to watch the skies tonight and tomorrow and after wards too
