{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-05 22:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522839","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33172","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2538,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/839/mufon-5522839.json","updb_database_id":5522839}
fast lighted object flew over us, slowed down, then shot off into sky

My gf and I were leaving a benefit held at the Sons of Italy in Hingham. The sky was completely clear, with a clear view of the stars. As we were walking to the car I felt the "urge" to look up the sky (find out my gf had the same "urge" to do the same). When I did I saw a very bright objet covered in white and red light shoot across us. The object was low in the sky, approximately 200 or so feet off the ground. I would say the object must have been between 20-30 ft in diameter and it was going in a west to east direction. At first I thought was seeing a meteorite, but realized it was extremely close to us and rather large in size. I shouted "Look!" to my gf. It also appeared to slow down as it passed us, but at its highest speed was still faster then any plane I have seen. If it was a meteorite of that size, going that fast I would suspect we would hear a sonic boom or at least a crash, but it was completely quiet. AFter watching it for maybe 5 seconds it shot off into the sky at close to a 90 degree angle leaving behind a slight reddish aura/ trail. You could not see the object traveling thru the air, so it looked more like it almost just vanished or at least travelled faster then the eye could follow. My gf then said "OMG did you see that", I said yes and we discussed what we both saw, and tried to think of possible explanations. We stayed outside for another 5 minutes looking up in the sky to see if anything else happened, but nothing further happend so we went to my car to go home. I did not have any alcoholic beverages prior to the witness and my gf had one. We both said how we felt the "urge" to look up in the sky right at that moment. For those that watch the show Fact or Faked on SYFY, the object/ light looked exactly like the object that the investigator filmed while doing an investigation at Area 51 that aired this season.
