{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-06-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492839","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66684","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2719,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/839/mufon-5492839.json","updb_database_id":5492839}
{dr}it has been about 20 years but I still remember.

When I was younger I was very sick me and my family were in oak cliff tx outside of dallas. I had chicken pox very bad to where it was in my brain and had to teach myself to walk again. I had a alot of brain problems after. Doctors said id probably be okay. Not really knowing what to do. My mom was working late and my dad let me stay in the living room so my sister wouldnt get sick. I was watching t.v. waiting on my mom to get home when the t.v. started going crazy. Just static. I turned it off so I didnt wake my dad. I saw a bright light with a blue tint come threw the window. I went out thinking my mom was back and saw a craft on the ground. I never saw something like this before. I felt almost like I had to go and see it. I walked over and it was making a buzzing noies. And I was greeted by a small gray man. It sounded like my voice in my head telling me id be okay. So I held its hand. It was cold. But warm outside. I remember being showed around. It was very nice and calm. I asked for its name. It said something strange. I told it mine. And told it my feet were cold. The floor was silver and felt like medal. There were others. They checked me out and gave me something that made me tired. When I woke up I was tucked in. In my living room. The tree limbs outside were bent and broken. I realized I didnt stutter as bad or feel so slow. I felt better. I don't knowif they did something to me but I felt safe. And I remember the way its hand felt. I remember everything very vividly. I was little. But I know how I felt and I think it did help me. I tried telling my mom about it. But me being so little she never believed me. And me telling her it looked like a shiny frizby didn't help. I just want people to know if they ever see an alien to not be scared. It held my hand as a kid and told me id be okay. And it helped me. It even smiled at me. Its eyes were like a dark green almost! It wasn't pure black like people say. The only people I told this story to was my mom abit. My soon to be husband. And now you. Just know from this. They are not all bad.
