{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-02 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504839","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54044","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2676,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/839/mufon-5504839.json","updb_database_id":5504839}
{cak} Huge solid sunburst-shaped light in front, small blinking light in back. Whirring noise like multiple propellers, way too small and quiet for a helicopter.

Around 9:20PM My mom was out on our 2nd-floor porch and I was inside on the computer. She called me outside yelling that I had to see something. Still in my slippers I rushed out and I got a glimpse of a huge light facing us that stayed in a perfectly solid sunburst-shape before it flew evenly over our porch. (The light was not flaring like when you have light glaring in your eyes. The sunburst shape was solid.) I remember feeling excited to see such a strange light and also scared at how close it was flying toward us. 
We then ran to the other end of the porch and looked back so we could see it as it flew off. We are right next to a small mountain, so it was flying just over treetop on our level, somewhere between us and well below the mountain top range. It was flying in a straight line at an even pace. From the back view you could not see that strange front light we originally saw, but it did have one small blinking light you could see in the back. That's when I noticed it was making a low whirring noise, kind of like a helicopter. But the whirring was kind of off and out of sync like maybe it had more than one propeller if it did. I could very vaguely make out the dark outline of its shape, it was long and slender. It was too small to be a helicopter, and also far too quiet as I didn't even hear it until we were at the end of the porch, and even that was faint. We watched it until it was out of sight from our angle. 
We then went back inside. I tried looking out the back window for a better view but still couldn't see it anymore. We started discussing what it could be. Perhaps a drone? Or surveillance UFO? There's a lot of talk around our town lately about UFO sightings and strange lights and air crafts particularly over the very mountain we are next to. Perhaps this was what we saw?
