{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-08 14:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520839","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35570","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2746,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/839/mufon-5520839.json","updb_database_id":5520839}
3 extremely large, convoluted contrails on irregular path

Was driving down the street when I looked up and saw 3 extremely large, irregular flight path contrails. As there are many contrails around here, I wouldnt have thought much about them- except that they were so large and on a very irregular flight path. No type of aircraft that would leave a contrail that I am aware of flies in that manner........and it looked very strange. In addition, they appeared to be significantly lower than most contrails one sees on a regular basis. Observing these while driving, I then noticed there were 2 jets at an apparently very high altitude (you couldnt see the jets- just the contrails they were making) following these very large, irregularly shaped contrails from way above . Then I turned to look at the other end of the very large, irregularly shaped contrails, and there were 4 additional jets following the same irregularly shaped contrails (a total of 6 additional contrails in addition to the irregularly shaped 3 contrails.) The "regular" contrails of the 4 jets (which you could see the planes that were making them- so they were significantly "lower" than the other 2 "regular" contrails) were very close together- as though "flying in formation". It was very unusual, and 3 people personally witnessed these, as well. In total, there were 9 contrails- only 6 that appeared on a "normal" flight path (not in a "convoluted" manner). The 3 convoluted contrails were headed South to North. In addition, this morning at 7:35 a.m., I noticed there was 1 convoluted, very large contrail going from East to West,but there was only 1, and I saw only 1 other "normal" contrail following that flight path(in a "normal" straight line through the convoluted contrail)- so i didn't think too much of it until i saw the 3 this afternoon. Then when I saw a UFO report in Lansing, MI (pretty much West of here), I was wondering if there might be some type of connection..........There is no need to contact me, as this is all the info I have, but thought it might be of some use in the event there are other reports of strange sightings in this area.
