{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-02 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525839","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29877","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2518,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/839/mufon-5525839.json","updb_database_id":5525839}
Large Black Triangle and two smaller silver cigar shaped UFO's followed by three military helicopters

We were outside enjoying a BBQ and listening to some music when one of our nieces said out loud 1Look at that!1 we all looked up, thinking it was a plane landing at the nearby airport. To our amazement, we saw a LARGE, black triangular shaped object slowly cruising at approximately 1500 feet off the ground. 

The object was jet black and made no sound what so ever, the object was at least twice the size of a 747 jumbo jet. I was able to gauge the size of the object, because we live within 5-6 miles of O1Hare international airport and see jumbo jets taking off and at low altitude every day. This object was at least twice the size of one of these massive jetliners.
As we watched the object with our mouths agape, we saw two objects came up along side of the object. 

They were silver, cigar shaped and maybe a quarter of the size of the triangular shaped object. They stayed parallel to the object for about 20 seconds, after which they all three accelerated together as one, and left toward the north at a very fast clip. They were out of sight within a matter of seconds and everything seemed to return back to normal, the neighborhood seemed quiet again and the only sound for the moment was the sound of the music playing in the background. 

About 5-7 minutes later, we heard the distinct sound of a helicopter approaching, since we live in the suburbs of Chicago, we are used to hearing news and traffic choppers flying overhead, especially in the morning. But, this sound was more distinct, and was not being made by a commercial or private helicopter. About 10 seconds later, we see a group of three military 1Blackhawk1 helicopters fly over. They made a large, slow circle around the neighborhood and then they headed off to the north in the exact same direction that the previous objects had flown off.
