{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470839","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89647","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2966,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/839/mufon-5470839.json","updb_database_id":5470839}
{rjl} Seven red objects ejected from a larger white object and followed the larger object in a straight line formation until out of sight.

In January of 1977, two friends and I were driving home after visiting a friend. It was around 11:00 PM and we pulled off the road, parked the car and stood outside the vehicle to observe, after noticing a red object eject from a larger white object. While observing from outside the car, every few minutes, another red object was ejected from the larger white object until there were seven red objects of the same size following the larger white object across the sky in a straight lined formation. We continued to observe for approximately twenty minutes until all of the objects passed into the distance and out of sight. The white object and red objects all appeared to be round shaped. They also appeared to be at about the same distance from us as planes normally fly. When we first noticed the white object, we assumed that it was an airplane; however, after observing the first red object eject from the larger white object, we were amazed and pulled off the road to observe while standing outside. We became fascinated as additional red objects ejected from the larger white object every few minutes until seven red objects of the same size followed the larger white object in a straight lined formation across the sky until they passed out of sight. The entire event lasted approximately twenty minutes. Afterwards, we discussed and speculated concerning whether the objects were related to military/government aircraft or possibly even extraterrestrial in origin. We have discussed it many times through the years and considered reporting the event years ago. This is the first time that I have reported the experience although I have described it to friends and relatives through the years. I discussed the event with a local physics professor during the mid nineties and he revealed that he had witnessed a disc shaped object hover over a rock quarry on the same country road that our experience occurred. He also pulled off of the road and observed the object until it departed at an unusually fast rate of speed. There was also a story passed around for years, concerning a close encounter on this same road, (dating back to 1929) with two beings entering a disc shaped craft and taking off at an amazing rate of speed.
