{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-19 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518691","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38333","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4720,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/691/mufon-5518691.json","updb_database_id":5518691}
An object followed me and another occupant of a vehicle from approx. 10:00-10:50pm over a distance of approx. 25 miles, stopping three seperate times as we stopped

At approximately 10pm on 05-19-2012 I, along with another witness observed a white light in the sky and did not think much of it. After 5-10 minutes of driving up the highway, I again noticed this light parallel with our vehicle out the drivers side window , slightly higher than the trees. Another several minutes went by , and it became apparent that this object appeared to actually following us, keeping pace with us. For the next 10-15 minutes, I oberved this object at appoximately at the same elevation, maintain about the same speed as us,while remaing parallel to us outside the drivers side window (sometimes getting slightly ahead or behind us . At one point the object appear to be moving away from us , but still parallel and within a second or two it returned to the same distance that it had been from us the whole time. At this point , I was sure this object was actually following us. I directed the driver to pull over at the next rest area, we stopped and the object stopped (approx 1/4 -1/2 miles out our drivers side window and behind us) We observed the object for a minute or two and began driving once again. As soon as we continued driving , the object too started moving with us , again gaining a position parallel with us , on the drivers side. For the next 5 minutes the object remain at our pace and roughly +/= parallel with us. As we approached our exit , the object appear to slow slightly and take a position over the highway , directly behind us. Once we exited the highway, we were now traveling perpendicular to the highway, at this time the object again was traveling at our speed , parallel with our vehicle , outside the drivers side windo. I did get a rather poor cell phone video at this time. We travelled about 1/4 mile and again stopped, the object again stopped with us. This time parallel with us and about the same distance as before, again we observed the object for a minute or two. We again started driving and again , the object paced us. We travelled to the next intersection, stopped at a light and lost sight of the obect behind a tree, (again it appeared to stop with us , but this time out of sight behind a tree. We turned left and again were travelling perpendicular to the road we were just on, after 5- 10 seconds the object was again visible, but this time , directly in front of us. We travelled about 1/4 mile and turned right, again the obect paced us and remained parallel outside the drivers side, we came upon an open field and stopped, again the object stopped. This time the object appeared red , rather than white as it appeared up until this point. It appeared to be roughly 1000- 2000 feet away at the tree line opposite the field and stationary at 100-300 feet in elevation. I took several cell phone pictures. Again, rather poor , but pictures none the less. We again observed the object for a couple minutes and began driving , again the object paced us as before . We came to point in the road were it veered left ( about 1/4-1/2 miles from where we were previously stopped) once we came around the bend, we could see the object intermittently through the trees in front of us and to our left. We reversed direction and drove back to the spot where we had just stopped at the field , this time the object did not follow us , instead it remained at the far corner of this field roughly where we reversed direction. at this time it was maybe 1/2 mile away but hovering just above the trees. and appeared to be getting lower. We drove back and forth on this road a couple times and the object remained in the same spot, until on our last time driving back to the original place we stopped at the field, the object appeared to be getting lower in elevation, but did not appear to be getting further away, until we could no longer see it behind the trees. We then drove back to the highway and the retraced the same route back to the field , but did not see the object again.
