{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-17 20:41:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517691","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40091","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3208,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/691/mufon-5517691.json","updb_database_id":5517691}
{ck} I took a video of some very odd clouds while at work and about a day later noticed the objects.

On June 17 2012 at 8:41pm(xenia, ohio) I stepped outside from work to take a video of some very strange clouds. I filmed them(clouds) for roughly two and a half minutes. About fifteen minutes later I went back out and filmed another minute, not sure why-this puzzles me. Nothing more that night. I think about two or three days later I used the cloud video to make a video w/ my music(guitar). I then posted it on you tube. I think later that night I was watching the video I had made(w/ music) and after a few times I began to feel quite odd for no apparrent reason-I can vividly recall at one point thinking to myself, "Was that a UFO in the video?", And sure enough, there it was, what appeared to be a metalic disc, emitting a cloud like mist, hovering in the sky. I am not sure how close it was because the mist it was emitting might have actually have been a cloud. so I would say it was either about 30 ft. in diameter or much, much larger. It appeared to have a dome on the bottom and top. it was a similar color to the sky but darker and I could see it reflecting light, I think it was rotating slowly but I am not sure.
  I later noticed two objects in the video above a restaurant. One was pizza-box shaped w/ dome. It was cloaked in a misty cloud-like cover which trailed off to the left, sort of flame-like. Next to it is another cloaked object, but cloaked different, it was triangle shaped and seemed to smear
the light in a way which hid it very well.
  The final object is the largest, furthest and clearest. It was in the clouds, kind of peeking out, very well hidden but not disguised. It appears in my video a few times(while panning right to left a couple times). It can also be seen in the second video I took(15 min later) as it moved off and up to the right. It was huge. It might have been a half-mile or so. the object was book-shaped and metalic, and had large , rectangular windows that can bee seen along the top of two of the visible sides.
  The video can much better show what I can say about it. There is something very strange about the fact I did not notice them at the time. There were about four people having dinner 25ft away from me and they sure 
seemed oblivious as well.
