{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-01 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523691","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32240","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3588,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/691/mufon-5523691.json","updb_database_id":5523691}
Saw UFO hovering over my car with

I want to remain COMPLETELY anonymous on this account so (1) You will know that I am 100% NOT doing this for fame or attention and (2) so my friends, business clients (some who are religious), work colleagues, etc... will not think I'm insane. I hope you don't mind that I provided no contact information - I don't have any other info you can get from me other than what's in this report. I did not take video so it's not like anyone will believe me anyways but I hope you will review this and maybe SOMEONE out there also saw it or will believe me.

I was also NOT dreaming nor asleep. I swear this is what I saw that evening.

I was driving on local road. Environment = dark, around 6-7pm. The area is prone to police helicopters so as soon as I saw a large dark object hovering and moving ahead slowly above my car, I immediately thought "helicopter" and kept my eyes on the road and my mind distracted by the non-related events in my life earlier that day. 

Up ahead, I stopped at a red light. No longer focused on the road, I randomly glanced up again. The thing is now lower - about 20ft above my car. And THAT'S when it hit me: Helicopters make noise right? LOTS of engine noise. This thing above my car was COMPLETELY SILENT. Not only that, despite it being the size of a helicopter, there were no rotary blades. And I swear i am NOT LYING when I say this, but at the bottom of its body was some sort of blue screen. I realized it covered half the vehicle's body. I have no idea what it was. To get an idea of what I saw, picture a hovering helicopter the size of the Presidential helicopters you see on TV where Obama walks off and waves. Now imagine a helicopter that big with a huge plasma tv screen that covers half the bottom of the helicopter that's playing a rock concert where the entire show is in blue. Basically half the bottom of the craft or whatever it was, was flickering blue. Not anything I ever seen. It looked like some of those computer screens you only see in Star Wars movies. It did not look like a light bulb but rather some sort of weird show of "pictures" or symbols that merged into one another that I cannot comprehend.

While I was stopped at that red light, it ascended again and flew off. Again, completely silent. No exhaust flames, no rotating blades, nothing. I knew I should have taken a picture but at that moment my heart felt like it was beating 50mph, my mouth opened in shock, and I was just completely in awe of the object...even a bit of an admiration I would say. Before I could even think about reaching for my Blackberry to take a shot, it flew off quickly.

Anyways, that's what I saw that evening. I never told anyone for fear of being called crazy. Other drivers on that road probably thought it was a helicopter and didn't even give it a second look. I hoping that's not the case and more people come out. I searched everywhere on the net. I believe I'm the first one to come out about this incident.
