{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-15 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290609","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112730","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4451,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/609/mufon-5290609.json","updb_database_id":5290609}
Flashing light and orb near ground then moves very quickly

I am telling this story but my oldest daughter, Shelbi was the witness. On a night in October I had asked Shelbi if she would go feed the animals in the barn when she got home. We have a small farm in rural Missouri and we have horses, goats, chickens and cats. She knows I like them all to be fed before dark but she got home later then normal and had to feed them in the dark anyway. I got home late and she didnt tell me about the accounts from the night before until the next morning. She said that as she entered the field she noticed the animals acting very strange. Normally the 2 horses will be very excited to be fed, but their normal behavior is to be aggressive towards one another, they sometimes try to chase each other off as if they want all the food for themselves and sometimes we have to be careful not to get in between the 2 of them. She said on this night they approached her and just seemed very spooked. Looking around and trying to be as close to her as they could. She said "its like they were trying to get into my lap" and then she said the cats were doing the same. They were right under her feet and wanting to be as close as possible to her. This is not normal behavior for the cats, they do not get fed at the barn and usually will just mind their own business. She thought their behavior was strange and proceeded to enter the barn and begin to feed the goats. She then said she heard a strange noise coming from the outside. She said she couldnt explain it very well, but sounded like a distressed animal or something. Not something she has ever heard before. After feeding she came outside to try and see what the noise could be and when she looked in the direction of the noise she seen a flashing light that appeared to be off the ground (actually above the gravel road) about 20 feet. Higher than a person carrying a flashlight. She watched in for a moment and then turned on her phone to record it. It started to move erratically, it would flash in one spot and very quickly move to another and then right back where it started. She got very scared and you can hear her breathing is raised from the fear and she started to run towards the house. She said it was so scary that she actually had tears in her eyes. She said the cats ran with her. I have the video and I can send that on to you. One more thing, when she told me about this, I was talking to my neighbor about it. My neighbor told me that on the same night (about 1-2 hours later, time stamp from the photo) Her game camera picked up a weird light. It snapped a picture of it and it appears to be a light moving at a fast pace past the camera. She also sent me that picture and I can send that too. We have had many strange things happen out here, all of the things I have tried to reason through. 3 people in this house have seen strange lights and orbs similar to the one in the video we have. My son said the one he saw was orange and seemed to be coming for him when he ran to the house. Years ago we have one instance of what might be considered an animal mutilation. We found a dead deer down at the end of our driveway, and the back of its neck was ripped open and it looked as if the blood was drained from it. I thought maybe we had a rogue mountain lion in the area, although that would be a rare occurrence since it was so close to our house. They are not very common here in Missouri. I have the pictures of the deer somewhere, but I will have to really dig for those. 
That's it, I thought with the video we have it might be of interest to you. 
Thank you, 
[name removed]
