{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-02-15 03:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489609","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70003","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4495,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/609/mufon-5489609.json","updb_database_id":5489609}
{dr}delta wing air force-looking craft accompanied by a uh60 Blackhawk for and aft. Blackhawks had green lights. Plane had no anti collision beacon or nav lights. tracked across southern sky. approx speed below alpha max for plane.

Due to a severe car accident and related back pain, I often sleep poorly. This morning, my (then) girlfriend was annoyed I hadn't come to bed on Valentine's day night. So to give her space, I retired to my basement workshop for distraction. Upon figuring out a final design for a forward grip replacement for an inherited Israeli Rifle, I stepped out side, walking up an exterior stair case from my basement to back yard, for a cigarette. It was a chilly morning, somewhere between 281 and 361 Fahrenheit according to the weather underground's almanac. I was distracted spray painting metal pieces on my back porch, facing the house, when the distant chop of helicopter blades became audible. Since the Michael Brown riots helicopters are common place all night. Even at this time however, we were in a direct departure path from Lambert international airport, and commonly overflown by life flight, police, and news choppers, as well as the occasional more exotic military aircraft. We live close to Scott Air Force Base, and close enough to Whiteman AFB that a CH-47, UH-60, or even occasional fighter isn't uncommon. Certainly not enough to raise concern. I have seen Lockheed F117 Nighthawks, tankers, and cargo planes perhaps on the order of one each, every 18 months. I have also been overflown by a squadron of A-10 thunderbolts, screaming across lake of the Ozarks at about 100 feet off the deck. This night, after a few moments of sound, an "aerial convoy" came visible low above the horizon, to the south, much closer than the propeller sound I heard indicated. I have family in the NGA and at a family day saw one come in, land, and depart. The flight group made little noise, and what I did hear only accounted for two of the aircraft. Fore and aft were UH60 Blackhawk helicopters. They had only green lights visible to me, north of aircraft, as it traveled east to west across the sky to my south. Almost every military flight I've seen from here was to the north and traveling east. Between the two Blackhawks was a black craft reminiscent of a combination of a swept wing F22-like concept and a F117 stealth fighter. It made no noise audible over helicopters, and would have had to have been max throttle to not fall from sky. The plane had a vertical stabilizer, but no anti collision beacon/strobe. It had no navigation lights either, limiting any illumination of the fuselage. No Windows were visible, but that's not to say it wasn't there. The plane was geometrically comparable do to proximity to the UH60s. It was marginally longer than the 65' helos, at maybe 75 feet long. Beneath the fuselage was a radiant heat distortion akin to hot pavement on a summer day. This presented as a translucent, slightly light-refracting haze. When I dipped inside to grab my binoculars, I pulled my phone off the charger for its camera. It was at about 17%. I scanned the craft for insignia but neither type had any. I took out my phone and opened the camera app, at which point the phone rebooted twice and died. The battery has never quite been the same. I feel any jet turbine engine would be far below alpha max speed traveling at under 75 miles an hour, and would inevitably stall. Two SAC flight mechanics I spoke to emphatically agreed, assuming I hadn't just seen an F-35 but circumstances make a hovering billion dollar plane over south saint Louis seem unlikely. It was suggested that maybe I keep this to myself. Even though I believe this to be secret USAF merchandise, I think it suggests capabilities often associated with ufos. I'm no skeptic, but in my case I report this to perhaps rule out extraneous sightings of earth-borne tech.
