{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-06 21:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516609","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41506","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3251,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/609/mufon-5516609.json","updb_database_id":5516609}
(GS) UFO slowly moved, very strong lights, 100mph heading South along the SoCal coast.

Moved very slowly down the coast about 5 miles inland over Marina Del Ray, Westchester... moved south towards Torrance... probably 100mph airspeed... circular/disc shaped.... red and green lights. VERY VISIBLE.

Im close to LAX. This object comes by at approximately 1,000 - 1,500 ft. It is roughly traveling at 100mph I figure. I can literally see plane after plane landing all night at LAX and this was traveling at maybe 1/2 the speed of a landing airliner. Distance from me (groundwise) was perhaps a mile or so.

It had very strong green and red lights... close enough that you could see distinct separation between the lights. They were not exclusive red/green, but would switch... sometimes all six or seven would be green or red or a mix... there was the occasional white flash of light, but definitely tailored towards these strong red/green bursts. Bursts is a good way to describe it, not so much a quick flash like you see on a typical aircraft; they were longer than that, would hold on whatever color/arrangement for a second or two and then shift to a new pattern.

Some interesting points...

Im directly in line with the planes coming in from the East... quite literally, planes flying in towards me (heading West to land) all hours of the day. I never have seen a plane fly over this flight path in a straight (southern route), especially not at such a low height... there are two patterns that cross over diagonally, but at elevations of maybe 4 or 5 thousand feet up. This object was much lower (not dangerously low) as I watched a plane fly under it, but I doubt air traffic control would allow this to happen if it was within their power.

The object was moving towards the South, towards Torrance. It seemed to hover and hang out around the Manhattan Beach/Torrance area for at least 15 or 20 minutes. A roommate and I watched it (he joined after initial flyby) until we couldnt see it anymore (it seemed to then be heading more towards the East, might have been following/curving with the coastline). The Red was still very strong at this point.

Both colors were very vibrant. I don't think Ive ever seen a green that strong/vibrant in the night sky ever before.

Object was very dark, had a disc like appearance to it, but could have been more triangular perhaps. No outboard detail lights, nothing like planes have with tiny white lights illuminating tail/fin, etc...

No noise. No moving air above it, no helicopter blades, etc.

Also... no pattern to the lights... very random, but had flow... thats really the only way to describe it.
