{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-11 23:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498609","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60568","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2973,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/609/mufon-5498609.json","updb_database_id":5498609}
Bright light stopped, multiplied and then moved away

I live in the UK, about 3.5 miles from Ashby-de-la-Zouch. On Saturday 11th October 2014, at about 23:10, I went into my back garden to smoke a cigar. As usual, I sat by my garden table and looked up at the stars. It was a very clear night, I could see no visible clouds at all, only stars. After approximately 2 minutes of being outside I noticed a light moving across the sky. It looked to be a satellite, I see these almost every night and it was moving in exactly the same fashion as any normal satellite; i.e.- slowly, following a linear path. The light did not "sparkle" or glisten at all and seemed slightly larger than a normal satellite as seen by the naked eye, but not by much.

After a few seconds of watching the light it stopped perfectly still in the sky, almost blending in with the rest of the stars. I began to think that maybe I had just lost sight of this satellite and now my eyes were focusing on a nearby star without my realising. However, maybe fifteen seconds or so later, the light very slow began to separate. It took about half a minute for the light to split out into three separate lights. The three separate lights, all of the same size, brightness and colour, stayed perfectly still in a triangular formation for about a minute. They seemed different to any other stars in the sky, a little bigger and slightly brighter. Then suddenly all three lights began to move again. Each light traveled in a different direction, one (the "original" light) heading North, one South East and one South West. I'm not sure of the speed they were moving at but they had left my field of vision within about three seconds; they were fast. Unlike normal satellites, these lights did not gradually dim out as they reached the horizon, instead they simply continued to travel at the same speed, in the same direction until I eventually lost sight of them behind nearby trees and houses.

I stayed outside for another 15-20 minutes watching the sky and saw a number of other satellites passing overhead, none of which were like the three lights I had just seen. I saw a number of airplanes fly overhead but none of them were traveling at a speed anywhere near these other lights and, due to being about 11 miles away from East Midlands Airport, they were low enough to make out the noise from the engines as they passed.
