{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-01 23:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505609","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53234","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4185,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/609/mufon-5505609.json","updb_database_id":5505609}
{rjl} 1/1/2014 UFO unexplained Red Pulsating Light object over San Francisco, California

As I was bringing out the garbage on 1/1/2014 @ 11:55 pm I saw 3 unexplained red pulsating red light traveling over Golden Gate Park/ Ocean Beach in San Francisco...

(This video shows the last 2 red pulsating red lights as we were so drawn into the first one, we only caught 20 seconds of the first one, however I do have videos of the 1st pulsating red light as well if anyone is interested in seeing, I can certainly upload it as well.

The weird anomaly really shows in this video, please note that the first red pulsating light appear for about 1-2 mins, shortly after within 15-20 seconds the 2nd one appeared and moments later the 3rd red pulsating light appeared.

Upon looking over the videos after the incident, to my surprise the video showed a yellowish glowing holographic moving orb at a very fast pace throughout the video. BTW I should mention while filming the pulsating red lights the yellowish mirror like object was NOT visible to the naked eye but rather only appearing in video.

IMO I got the impression that the glowing yellow orb was some sort of EMP frequency which disturb the accuracy of the footage. Again its only my opinion, moments after the red lights disappear/ fainted a plane was spotted with the naked eyes traveling in the same direction as the red spheres, however the plane would not show up on the video nor did the red pulsating red lights after the glowing object got close to us @1:20-1:23 (in the footage) which again I must emphasize we did not see with our naked eyes and was only caught on footage upon examination. (Its a shame we only had a iphone 5 video capabilities @ hand and did not have a high-end camcorder on hand)

Shortly after the incident (prior to reviewing the footage) I proceeded to my roof top in search of the red lights directions and distance however it was no where to be seen. As for the plane (yes I can tell it was a plane as it blinked in normal formation white/red & green pattern like most planes) turned around and flew back in the same direction it came from, which I thought was odd since most plane I witness tends to fly in one direction vs making a u-turn and flying back to the same direction it came from.

None the less it was a very interesting night to end the first day of new year. I cant explain what the red pulsating lights were or where the last 2 pulsating red light came from, and I sure as heck cannot explained what the yellowish light was as it was not visible with the naked eyes. Initially I thought it was a glare but was skeptical since some of the "still" footage continue to shows the yellowish, mirror/ shadow like moving orb flying around. For all I know I could be wrong and it could be very well just a glare or a holographic projection.

Im not vouching what I saw nor am I dismissing it. I am simply sharing what I witnessed and experience, its up to you to take it for what its for. Im just sharing my 2 cents on this fascinating weird anomaly....whatever this was, it sure raised our eyebrows.

Happy 2014 and feel free to enlighten me on your thoughts and opinions.
