{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1950-08-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5177394","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"47zsuf","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5177394,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Nick Mariana / Montana UFO Color FilmFran Ridge:
Aug. 15, 1950; Great Falls, Montana (BBU)
11:30 a.m. Nick Mariana, the general manager of
the Great Falls "Electrics" baseball team, while
checking the wind at a baseball field, saw two
saucer-shaped objects motionless in the sky. Mariana ran
to his car to get his movie camera. Mariana at this
point started to film the objects. The objects were
still motionless except for a tilt and then the objects
corrected their plane to a seemingly balanced position.
The objects then made an abrupt flight in an arc motion
at a very high speed. He was able to obtain 16 mm color
movies of the two UFOs which appear as bright circular
points of light. This once Top Secret footage of UFOs,
filmed at closer range, are considered as "unknown".
Sections of the film (35 frames) confirming visual
observation of discs with rotating rims, were reported
missing from film when returned by Air Force. Remaining
footage was contained in United Artists documentary
movie "UFO" and compared to July 2, 1952, Trementon,
Utah film showing similar images. Mr. Mariana used
Daylight Kodachrome film in a Revere turret type camera
and obtained 315 frames showing the UFOs. The film was
examined by the Air Force and Navy, but no formal
reports released. Report on Photogrammetric analysis by
Dr. Robert M.L. Baker, Jr., Douglas Aircraft
Corporation, on file at NICAP. Air Force
explanation that UFOs were reflections off jet aircraft
said to be "quite strained," and the analyst states no
definite conclusion. However, UFOs could not be
explained as any conventional objects.

Mike Swords:
1). the local USAF investigator on this wrote that it
happened August 15th; 2). Blue Book proceeded as if that
was true vis-a-vis debunking, thus going for the "two
jets landing" at the airbase that day; 3). Ruppelt chose
to write about the case as if it were August 15th; 4).
the Great Falls Leader of August 15th has a
newsclipping about the filming and says therein: " Two
objects... sailed across the sky at Legion park this
morning". What we can at least say is that the local
newspaper was told that it just happened. This then
would easily be the earliest statement by Mariana as to
the date. I believe that Colorado also dealt with it as
a August 15th date

Barry Greenwood:
I've been doing a lot of searching and digging in
old newspapers and finally got into Montana papers. It
is now a done deal that Mariana's baseball team was
called the "Electrics," not "Selectrics." I think the
mistake came one time when someone dragged a lazy "S"
either verbally or in print and the "S" in Great Falls
migrated to the Electrics. "Great Falls Selectrics."
See what I mean?

Fran Ridge:
Knowing about image reduction in my Lunascan work I
can state very clearly that based on what the
camera/film shows are objects that would have been
very large to the eye and that jet sounds would have
been very noticeable. Ruppelt's own investigation then
ruled out aircraft, and as far as he was concerned the
case was an "unknown." (104) The July/August 1950 sighting index
says the files are in a "separate folder." Dan Wilson
recently located 110 documents. [August 2012]

Detailed reports and
documents
reports/500815greatfalls_report4.htm

[110 documents] (Dan Wilson)
The Secret Montana UFO Film (NICAP
You Tube site)
Utah & Montana Films, Extended
Analyses (You Tube/U.F.O. doc 1956)
The Original Story (Capt. Edward J.
Ruppelt/Report on UFOs)
Great Falls (Montana) Movie
(Kevin Randle)
Two Analyses: Greene-Rouse &
Robert L. Baker (Fran Ridge)
Montana Film - James R Leming
(MUJ 223,10)
Nov 27, 1957 Letter to Keyhoe
from AF Press Desk
On The Question of Tampering With
the 1950 Great Falls UFO Film (Barry Greenwood)
The Montana Film - An Update From
Newly Found Records (Wendy Connors & David
Michael Hall)
