{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-07 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487391","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72274","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6641,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/391/mufon-5487391.json","updb_database_id":5487391}
{nd} Saw bright object hovering and circling with flamelike glow. Flew slowly horizontally with trail. Directed light then exploded with luminous aqua cloud residue.

At approximately 5 pm PST, the power went out in our entire neighborhood while I was outside in the spa. I came inside for a while then decided to sit outside because it was a beautiful clear evening. I had my binoculars with me to look at birds. I observed a bright light hovering in the South, way brighter than a helicopter, larger and with a flamelike glow. At first I thought it was an aerial show for some event. I observed other aircraft in the proximity in near miss flight paths but due to my viewpoint could not gauge the depth of field and since they were much smaller I assumed they were more distant than this object. It was doing a slow but clumsy looping flight. I must say I thought this had unusual flight characteristics so I looked at it through the binoculars several times but could not detect any shape just flamelike light. It moved off in the distance and left my field of view, so I sat down to look at stars.

For quite a while I was looking at stars to the East, especially the Pleiades. I was enjoying the beautiful dark sky view due to the exceptionally clear conditions and the power outage. I also observed every helicopter and fixed wing aircraft through my binoculars which I would describe as normal abundant San Diego air traffic. I often observe the abundant military aircraft in our area and say a thank you in my heart to our brave military, police, and firefighters. I like to see our beautiful San Diego "Fire One" red helicopter and the Miramar Osprey and fighter jet flights. That is to say I frequently observe aircraft through my binoculars and I know what they look like. 

Now I began to feel cold and turn back to go inside about 6 p.m. That is when things start going OFF THE CHARTS. I see a large SLOW moving object trailing a flamelike projection. I know it is the same object I saw before but MUCH CLOSER. In fact it is so close and big and SILENT, I think it is a drone. So I look at it through binocs. Hey this isn't a drone, not a copter, plus it is trailing flame plus a bright blue light cone. Now I think it is a rocket and I get scared...I start snapping pictures with my phone. As an engineer, part of my brain is telling me rockets can't fly this slow and with no sound, but still I am trying to observe and note every nuance. I am toggling between binocs and phone, snapping a series of still photos.

Now the object begins directing a bright beam of light, brighter than any search light, back and forth and the beam comes right at me and causes me to put down binocs, yell, think about hiding, but I feel it is my duty to just watch and snap pics. At this point I am yelling to neighbors down the hill or anybody "Can you see that?!" "What is it?!" I want to call 911 but hesitate. I text my husband to call me because I am looking at a UFO. As the light intensifies I text him "call mufon call mufon not kidding!" Then it EXPLODES! Only with no sound only light and a concentric light ring like a blast wave surrounding the most hypnotic iridescent aqua blue diffuse light cloud, easily three times the size of the moon. Now I call 911 and it is pegged busy. I can hear neighbors in their yards. I hang up, are you kidding me, they are busy?! I text my husband that 911 is pegged so this is REAL!

Now sheriffs 911 responder calls me back so I describe what I am seeing. I tell her all the above plus that the power is out. She tells me everyone all over the county is calling but I am the first to report power outage. She is asking me if it looks like a rocket and if I see any debris falling to ground. I'm describing details plus my viewing conditions (elevated hill with 360 views). I say I'm an engineer and if you can get a rocket to stay aloft at that slow speed, I want to know what your technology is. I am describing this huge luminous Aqua cloud residue that is not dissipating just hanging in a perfect diffuse circle. I ask her if she thinks it could be chemical. I know I am not speaking to a person with the same technical background I have. I begin to feel bad about tying up the bandwidth so I reassure her, no debris, no injuries, no fire on ground. So I hang up and watch the cloud until it stops glowing, continue to take still photos. I finally think of video, but by now the event is over. I keep watching the area for air response or reconnaissance. Nothing. NO RESPONSES. Usually they send heavy air response with searchlights for fugitives and aggressive air response for any suspected fire because of our high fire danger. NOTHING. Now the power comes back on and jolts me out of my skin, approximately 6:20 p.m.

Later I see on the news that this is already explained as a confirmed drill by the navy on behalf of the FAA. Not buying it. Why:
1. You do not explode a device over civilian airspace for a drill.
2. 911 operators did not inform callers of drill in order to clear emergency lines.
3. Object had flight and LIGHT capabilities well exceeding normal parameters, namely stable silent low speed flight, and light candlepower way above sodium or any searchlight plus light control of the shape of the beam.
4. You cannot have a soundless explosion with glowing diffuse residue that hangs in the air in a perfect circle with no odors, no drifting and having the brilliant color and luminous properties covering a diameter easily 3 times the size of the moon and stable for 10 minutes.
5. The flight path prior to explosion can only be described as rogue, almost playful, but not purposeful like a drill.
6. If this was an FAA DRILL, where is the FAA response? We have enough assets in this area to mount a massive response and they are good at what they do. No sirens no nothing.

If any of the noted capabilities are in our grasp, I pledge to complete an advanced physics degree and work for the NSA or NASA for free for the rest of my life on behalf of humanity.
