{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-31 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528391","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27191","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2558,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/391/mufon-5528391.json","updb_database_id":5528391}
Roughly 9 red orbs, some maneuvering impossibly and others standing still

My mother first sighted them while outside taking care of the animals. she saw about nine orbs high in the southwestern sky, some of which were maneuvering in ways that seemed to defy conventional laws of physics. being an avid student of astronomy and all things sky-related, she ran inside to tell me what she saw, and i stepped out to see what she was talking about. by the time i looked, there were only two orbs left, as she said many of them had shot off in different directions and then disappeared. the orbs weren't falling or moving in any one particular direction, but almost seemed to "sway" in the sky before they slowly 'phased' out. admittedly, there were many fireworks going off for new years, although this was a good two hours before midnight. based upon the angular position of the objects in the sky as well as their bizarre movements, it was completely inconsistent with fireworks that i am familiar with. our neighbors, who were one of the families engaging in firework launching also made comments about the anomalous lights, remarking on never seeing anything like it before. my initial thought was to grab my 1200mm xt6 reflecting telescope to get a closer look, but within about a minute of coming out of the house, the orbs vanished in place. they looked like very bright red stars, slightly less radiant as Sirius but more stable in terms of consistent brightness. there is no doubt in my mind that these were not astronomical objects of any kind, and the combination of 'some moving rapidly/some not moving at all' seems to rule out the possibility of these simply being fireworks or flares. after they phased out, i never witnessed any further activity that night. having studied the subject of unknown aerial phenomenon extensively, it should be noted that this phenomenon is identical to sightings reported in southern Australia, Tinley Park Illinois, and the UK.
