{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-01 20:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482391","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77583","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3114,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/391/mufon-5482391.json","updb_database_id":5482391}
suddenly appearing and vanishing, starlike object, moving left and right directions

This object was observed in Turkish town Bodrum-K111kb1k. Bodrum is a place where UFO phenomenon is very common. I was in K111kb1k(a small town near by Bodrum) when I saw the object. I was in the balcony of our house. Suddenly this object appered in the sky and it was just looking like a star. I realized it when a local person living there showed it to me and told me that it had also apperead there before. Then in the following days it appeared at the same time at the same place with the same duration. It was appearing in the sky right above the hill where telecommunication tower was standing. At the first time I tought it was a plane but the locals told that UFO phenomenon was very common there. The object had orange lights and it was looking like an orange star but it was moving to left and right. This was not taking more than one minute. The light was bright but also a bit pulsated. It was my first time to see a UFO so I was really excited to see that object as a person who believe in extraterrestrial life. In the next days I took my camera and waited for the object. It appeared on the same place on the same time with the same features. But after a few days it did not appear. When it was appear it was like somebody suddenly turn on a little orange lightbulb in the sky. Then in spite of it's brightness some pulsations began to start and approximately a minute passed and suddenly it vanished just like somebody turn off the lightbulb this time. This obervation happened in the first days of August 2014. 

Best Regards
