{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-19 14:51:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468391","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92183","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3841,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/391/mufon-5468391.json","updb_database_id":5468391}
{rjl} morphed in shape, dark to colbalt blue then reflective, then into 2 black triangles stacked, then morphed to 4 black orbs kept chaning.

I was at home at approximately 2:51 pm. When i just happened to look up and saw this silent object going over a pecan tree next to my driveway. Seemed to go in the NE direction. It was a dark color could of been black or dark blue. I tried to get the best videos I could of this object, it was about maybe 50 to 100 ft from me it got brighter in a colbalt blue color and became reflective. I could see it with my sunglasses on but in some videos and photos, it would not pick the object up. It started to head towards the clouds facing north of my home. I thought it had left so I went on with my reading, then again I felt something was watching me and when i looked it up it was back. this time it was higher up and a little further away. It could of been one object but I know I saw 2 dark traiangles stacked on top of another like a spinning top. It could of been a different object(s), this time i followed it the best i could. it seemed to be spinning and almost like shape shifting from a morphing object, to 2 triangles to an diamond shape and then a square shape with 4 black dots. It was moving with intent, intent was to be covered by clouds to stay covered. It seemed to stay with in the clouds the best it could, and changed direction speed like it was waiting on the clouds to build up better to keep its cover. Last i saw of the object or object(s) was about 3:24pm. Then i heard a very loud and intense ringing in my ears for over 10 mintues, so bad it gave me a headache. My sons were playing in their rooms kind of quitely. I sat down in the living room with this ringing in my ears I felt very werid kind of dizzy and nausea, errie as well like i wasnt alone. Then after about 10- 20 mintues, not sure how much time had passed when i looked at my phone next it was like 4:45 pm roughly. What was even stranger was that night this very large, silent, werid looking blimp came over my neighborhood almost over my home at 11:24 pm at night. Then at about 2am roughly i got my night vision infrared moncular and saw 2 different sets of orbs Set 1 ( 3 orbs in triangle formation going SW) Set 2 (5 orbs in an upside down check mark formation fly over my home going West) I couldnt see these sets with out my moncular. I do not have pictures of the orbs but i have a photo of a drawing. My fiance witnessed this werid blimp and he saw the orbs with the moncular, but he didnt see the objects from earlier in the day. I showed him the videos. I will just submit the videos i have and do another report on the werid blimp shaped thing and another with the darwing.
