{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-26 20:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454391","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107228","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5235,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/391/mufon-5454391.json","updb_database_id":5454391}
{rjl} Faster than any plane and a whole fleet of aircraft silently follow one path

I walked outside at 840pm (CST) and always look up at the stars as my dogs do their business. I spotted Mars in the sky and orions belt and went inside to grab my wife so she could see Mars as well. We walked outside again and looked up. I pointed at Orions belt and then to Mars and as we were looking, in the same path of our view, a 'quick moving star' was silently and rapidly moving across the sky. I thought it was entirely too fast for a plane and my wife stated it could be a satelite. As she stated that, we noticed another 'star' moving quickly behind it. It was staying at the same speed as the first one and moving along the same path, then another, and another. My wife still insisted it could have been a couple of satelites, and as she said that we kept spotting these moving objects one after another. We watched as they passed over head, about 12 equally spaced fast moving bright objects, moving faster than a plane, no blinking lights and remaining equally spaced. After about 12-14 of them, there was a gap and then another light appeared along the same path. Then more equally spaced lights sped across the sky, just as bright, then another gap. 

We then noticed after the third gap, that a pair of lights appeared in the same trajectory and moving as fast as the others, but they remained adjacent to each other and sped across the sky. While watching this pair, another light appeared midway on the path and headed from north to south, where as these objects and their path traveled from SW to NE in a relatively straight path. While this was occurring, we noticed that another light appeared like the others, a little dimmer, and it looked as if those two lights were going to impact each other as they cross, but the light NOT on the path sped up and was not even close when their paths crossed. 

While these lights continued and newly arrving lights appeared slightly dimmer but on the same path and still spaced equal distance from each other, a plane was spotted, with its strobe and other lights clearly identified. This plane was going the normal speed planes travel and normal altitude expected. In relation to the plane, these objects were lower (closer to earth than the plane). After 20-30 minutes, the lights no longer appeared. We watched some of the lights closer to the front of the line to see what they may look like when they disappear and they seemed to get dimmer and then lightly strobe out of sight. No flash, no brightness and nothingness, just sort of dimmer and dimly disappear.

Once again, no sound and traveling much faster than any plane would. I spent 16 years as a special forces operator and drove jet boats in my career. I know the normal speed of planes, I know direction, I also know patterns. I am very observant and try to debunk what I witness first before eliminating possible options. My wife is a nurse, was a former Army soldier who worked on Helicopters and has been around aircraft for over 10 years. She is goign to school to be a doctor so she disects things to get to the facts. She agreed that this was no aircraft we spotted. It was not a satellite(s) and was moving quickly and in the same path of each other. 

Lastly, while staring at one particular 'star' object moving through the sky, I was trying to compare it to a star it was passing. It would allow me to gain a comparison with the star to dsetermine size and elevation (possibly), and when I did so, I noticed that the object was moving in a serpentine way. It was moving along the same path as the others, but while moving forward, was doing so like a snake moving across the sand. To confirm that my eyesight was not playing tricks, I watched the object behind it and the one behind that as it passed the star I was using as my comparison point. It seems that all of these objects were moving in the same manner but from the distance we were viewing it from, it was so slight I am sure I would not have noticed that particular pattern if I wasn't trying to compare it to the star.

In all, I would have to estimate about 30 objects that traveled across the sky last night. As I am a believer who had had an experience as a child, I have always looked to the stars for answers and try to approach everything in a scientific manner. These objects were not something I have ever witnessed previously and the speeds traveled was incredible and silent. I was excited to have experienced it. Hopefully, others have reported the same sightings to support what I have just mentioned, but if not, I know what I witnessed.
