{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-15 13:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519391","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37525","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4221,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/391/mufon-5519391.json","updb_database_id":5519391}
spinning puck shaped object

it was approximately 1340 EST in afternoon on sunday april 15th. I was at an open field flying a kite with my daughter. the weather conditions were partly cloudy and breezy. i was less than 100 yards from RT161 (4 lane highway) south of the highway. the sun was shining on my back if i was looking north at the highway. the wind, since i was flying a kite, was usually blowing from the SW to SSW, which put my kite usually between where i was standing and the highway. there are two high power transmission lines with towers approx 200 ft high running parallel to each other separated by approx 350 ft. 

as i was flying the kite the wind lulled for a second and the kite fell to the ground. i walked to retrieve the kite and began to wind back up the string. as i was doing that i looked up in the sky. and thats when i saw it. it had already passed over the transmission lines (assuming) to the west of my position and was heading almost due E to ENE, almost parallel to RT161 but less than 1/5-1/6 mile north from my position and 161. at first i thought it was a helicopter, but with it being that close i could not see rotors or blades. with the traffic on the highway all i heard were the vehicles. as i stared more intently i noticed the object, which appeared to be the shape of a taller hockey puck (the radius was longer than the height {about twice as}) was spinning. i could definitely make out the spinning (sunglasses helped filter sun light) and it seemed to spin at a constant rate. the Sun, which is still low in the sky and was shining at my back and thus I was between the object and the sun, reflected very brightly on certain sections of the spinning object. there was a section that was dull then the object would spin some more and hit a highly bright reflexion and spun some more and would be dull again. the pattern repeated. judging by the size of the object (about 40ft-50ft in diameter/20 ft high) my guess there was two highly reflection parts and two dull parts spinning. revolving on cycle in about 3/4 sec. 

since i had the highway traffic as a reference, the object was moving much less than the highway traffic. possible 25 mph. the object continued spinning and moving almost due E NE where it passed over the next set of transmission power lines to the east of my position. compared the the height of the transmission tower, the object was around 10% of the height of the tower over the lines (it was very close about 20-30ft). after that point it traveled beyond my view. the object was in my view for what seemed like a minute (due to shock) but in reality was in my view for around 30 sec. it took me 10 sec just to grasp i wasnt watching a helicopter. it was in almost entirely in my field of view (if 0 deg is my left arm out to my side and 180 deg is my rt arm out ... saw it at 30 deg and lost sight at 150 deg); and there were no trees or obstructions in my way at all. 

i left my house without my camera phone. getting a kid and dog together to leave i forgot to put it in my pocket. witnesses? my wife and a friend was 100 ft south of me talking to each other and watching our and their dogs playing (the dogs were south of them so they were looking the complete opposite way). i should have yelled for my wife, but i was just staring and couldnt get my eyes off of it. i was studying the object, trying to gain as much info and detail as i can. the highly reflective part shining back at me fascinated me. man i wish i had my phone. man i wish i yelled for my wife. but i just stared. i probably wouldnt have grabbed my phone anyway. i was locked on it.
