{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-15 09:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503391","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55552","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4533,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/391/mufon-5503391.json","updb_database_id":5503391}
{cak} several small white orbs flying various directions, speeds and stopping abruptly, resuming speed, and large morphing silvery object descending slowly leaving trail

It was a sunny, bright, cloudless morning as I walked outside my (then) home to get a feel of the workings of my new camera when I caught something above me in my peripheral vision. I first thought it was a white butterfly or balloon. After a few seconds I eliminated those possibilities as the flight, speed and course direction was invariant. The object was bright white in color, and round in shape. I watched as it flew and as it stopped abruptly beside another similar object in the sky that was stationary. The second object may have been moving before I saw it, I didn't notice it until the first object I was following with my eyes stopped beside it. After a few seconds both objects quickly flew in opposite directions. I thought it was odd that they did not seem to need to gain speed as one does in an airplane. They seemingly began flying as if they'd not stopped. I then focused on the second object as it was flying in a direction that I wouldn't have an obstructed view. I lost sight of that second object when I was distracted by a third object the second object flew near. This object was round in shape like the first two, but was much higher in the sky and appeared to be much bigger, brighter, and more of a silver 'mirror' type of color rather than white. It's shape was round, but it seemed to be changing form/shape as it ''drifted' downward. I didn't think at the time that it was drifting laterally, just descending slowly toward the earth/ground. It began to reveal a 'snake-like' tail. As it descended it appeared to be getting bigger, brighter, and began developing a longer and longer tail (double tail) as it's shape continued to change. As I watched it drift and morph in shape. I then saw a fourth object fly across and under it. This fourth object was smaller, flying at a much higher rate of speed and was farther away than the first two. I looked back to try and focus on the larger drifting object when I noticed a similar 'tail' in the shape of the letter 'C' . My thought was that there was going to be an object to which it would be attached, but I didn't see one. I squinted my eyes and noticed two more of these flying objects which were flying in opposite directions of each other. I lost sight of all of the flying objects for different reasons, my attention diverted time after time by the number of objects, obstruction of objects due to trees, the objects getting to far away to maintain focus, and finally, the brightness of the mid-morning sky. I tried to snap pictures, but, my camera was new and I did not have a good grasp on its technical aspects at that point. I put the pics on the computer and it was as I expected it would be. I captured some of them, but the quality was not really there. I tried adjusting contrast/removing color, etcetera, and it did help see some of the objects that couldn't be seen otherwise, but there is not great clarity. The entire scene lasted for approximately 4-5-6 minutes.
