{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-26 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525391","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30365","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3817,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/391/mufon-5525391.json","updb_database_id":5525391}
A foggy looking circular shaped object flew a straight line then stopped and flew straight away from me into space.

I had gotten off work about 45 min. before this occurred, and had stepped out back to smoke and call a friend of mine. It was around 10:15pm and everyone was asleep, so I pulled my truck through the back yard to get closer to the back door for better phone reception (a wireless/land-line). After I was finished with both distractions I backed my truck to its original place and exited the vehicle. As I closed the door and took a few steps forward I looked ahead at the back door and noticed in my peripheral vision, over head, a light that was bigger and brighter making it stand out from the surrounding stars with a halo around it. I stopped walking and noticed it was moving, going about the same speed as an airplane. I was only able to see it fly for about 6-10 seconds; when it stopped and seemed to be getting smaller (moving away from me), but not dimmer until it became not tiny but very small. After it lost about half its original size the halo went away making the objects shape more "crisp". Although the objects shape was more crisp I could not discern any noticeable details from the object. The duration for the entire event was as follows: 5-8 seconds from the time I noticed till the time it stopped: no time passed during its stop. It instantly started getting smaller after it stopped: The object moved away from me, getting smaller, and not moving a degree in any direction for about 2-3 seconds and then it disappeared. The starting off size of the object including the bright halo around it was about the size of a dime held at arms length. The light in the center was a little less than half the size of its halo. There was absolutely no sound, and it was moving from the north to the south in a straight line. After I stood there for a few minutes trying to think of any thing else it could be, and making sure not to miss anything else, I started "moment to moment" reliving what just happened in my head. As I remembered the ufo stopping and moving dead away from me, and the way the halo cleared away from it, I thought the only reason for it clearing up was it was moving from a low, humid altitude to a higher, cooler altitude. But what I thought was strange was all the stars in the sky were perfectly clear as was the object the further away it moved from me, but if it was a halo caused by humidity and I was looking through the humid air at both the ufo and the stars should'nt everything of been foggy looking?

3. I thought the object was a plane that I just could'nt fully make out.
4. During the event my feelings were nothing more than curiously trying to figure out what it was. After the sighting I felt a little stunned, then more excited as I realized nothing I could think of other than a ufo could explain what I saw. Then I started to think "what am I supposed to do"? After deciding to report the incident, I started recalling over and over every detail from every moment I saw the object. I have almost all ways believed in UFO's, so I was'nt scared or anything, I only wish I had a camera to take a picture, or a flash light to signal it or something.
