{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1985-09-06 12:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287391","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115985","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3435,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/391/mufon-5287391.json","updb_database_id":5287391}
A large spherical object, with a dull metallic surface.

DATE: Year: 1985. September. 
TIME: Midday – between 12:15pm and 12:40pm
LOCATION: The corner of St. Woolos Road & St. Woolos Place. Stow Hill, near St. Woolos Cathedral. Newport, Gwent. Southeast Wales in the UK.
WITNESSES: 2 known: Gareth E. & Linda B.
TYPE OF SIGHTING: Daylight observation.
TYPE OF OBJECT: Sphere
SIZE: At least 12ft in diameter 
COLOUR(s): Silver – dull metallic appearance. 
WITNESS PROXIMITY TO OBJECT (at nearest point): 10ft (approximately). 
PHOTOGRAPHIC EVIDENCE: None. 
WEATHER CONDITIONS: Overcast sky. Wind direction: quite strong (at elevated position), from south to north. 

NOTES ON INITIAL OBSERVATION: - 
A (relatively) large spherical object, with a dull metallic surface, hovering in mid-air at a fixed point. Surface of object appeared completely smooth. 
No exterior features or means of propulsion - possible anti-gravity capability. 
Extremely slow initial ascent by the object, to about 7ft over rooftop. Then, the object manoeuvred to the east from the area of building to above the street (St. Woolos Road). One witness observed the object from four separate positions, including a view from beneath the object (at closest point: about 10ft). The object maintained its speed and steady course, including it taking another stationary position, despite a strong wind. Account is from memory.

DETAILS OF SIGHTING:
Spherical object first observed hovering in a stationary position above the roof of a residential property, which was (approximately) 20-25 yards from witnesses (who were looking in a northerly direction). The witnesses were at an elevated position in relation to the object. 
The slow-moving object first climbed several feet before manoeuvring to a position above the road. The object proceeded to travel several yards to the south (above the elevation of the road and against a headwind) and then stopped. Whilst maintaining its stationary position and height from the ground (despite a headwind), one witness approached the object and was able to observe it from several angles, including a view from about 10 feet beneath the object.
The witness indicates that there were no visible striations, nodules or creases in the spherical object’s “perfectly smooth” surface. 
As the witness returned to the corner of St. Woolos Road and St. Woolos Place, the object slowly ascended again by several feet before continuing its course in an easterly direction. The object appeared to be gaining some altitude at it moved away. The witness observed the object as it proceeded on this course at a higher altitude between St. Woolos Cathedral and surrounding buildings until it was out of sight. The witness assumes that the object proceeded high over the River Usk, between Newport bridge and George Street bridge.
