{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-15 05:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453882","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107740","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3727,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/882/mufon-5453882.json","updb_database_id":5453882}
{cak} 7-8 planet brightness lights moving in a line towards the moon and 3 planets

I woke up at 5am with the intention of seeing the Moon, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn as they are dramatically close for a few days. My alarm went off and I quickly threw on pants, shoes and a jacket and as soon as I went out my west facing apartment door I immediately saw what I thought were three very bright stars. I was immediatley confused, however as they seemed to be moving in relationship to a bright star close by. I had to take a second to realize that they were moving and not the stars in the background. the objects were all moving exactly the the same speed in a line, and moving in the direction of the planets and moon in the southeast which was my intention of getting up so early in the first place. I said to myself "are these satellites?" as watched them move approximately along the ecliptic.  Then I noticed there was a fourth object following along the same path. As then checked my pockets for my phone which found i had left inside, and debated running back to get it. then i realized i had binoculars in my car parked right there outside. I grabbed them and looked at one of the objects, but could not see anything more that what a bright star looks like, but could track it easily. the objects were brightest and seemed to move fastest when they were closest to overhead, and as they moved along the ecliptic, seemed to dim as the got closer to the very bright moon and planets. then I scanned backwards along the line they seemed to form and saw another two objects moving about the same speed and direction as the other objects, but these two formed a pair that instead of following each other, were aligned grouped perpendicular to their flight path, Above each other kind of like a colon ------ : ------- (the dashes represent the flight path), I remember again debating running to get my phone, but didnt want to miss it, and even now wonder if i should have tried to get it and take a picture. as I stood there watching these objects i remember thinking how strange this seemed, and then I spotted another objects flying along this same flight path. I have been a star gazer/planet watcher most of my adult life, and have never seen satellites that were so bright, and in this kind of frequency and arrangement. afterwards I even looked at my star walk app to see if it could show satellites etc. I couldn't help but think these were UFOs and became a little emotional, wishing someone was with me to see this remarkable sight (this is during the covid pandemic and I live alone) after this event I looked at my star app on my phone to try to make sense of what I had just seen, and as the pre-dawn sky became lighter determined what star was closet to the objects when i first spotted them as i walked out my west door. If i'm not mistaken, the brightest star in that direction, and approximately along the path the object flew along, is the reddish star Yed Prior, if I can trust the star app i'm using to be accurate. I do know that the path crossed just above the constellation scorpius, which I am familiar with.
