{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1985-06-25 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292882","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110434","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4955,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/882/mufon-5292882.json","updb_database_id":5292882}
Oval shaped UFO glowing yellow/orange

Back in the summer of 1985, no not '65 (I think it was in June more specifically), I was over at my cousin / aunt's house that night. My cousin and I would sometimes go out on night missions in which, we would be in, full on, camo fatigues ( camo boonie hats and even,for myself, a gilly suit). Yes it sounds silly but, as a teenager, growing up in a small town, and having family in the military and growing up on movies like First Blood, it was an entertaining thing to do We would go stealth and canvas the area on certain weekends in the summer. 

Trying to remain completely undetected, we quietly exited the house through the side door that lead to the side of the house. There under shadow, hidden from a street light and right next to some big bushes that were right next to the house - to obfuscate our view (granted in that small town back in '85 at 1 am, practically every single person in town (except us) were asleep. None-the-less, we then whispered our plans as to were we would go. 

It was at that moment that we instantly had a circular light around us. My cousin told me afterward that he at first thought it could have been our grandmother, shining a light on us from the same kitchen side door that we exited from (though we closed the door, the light could have been shined through a window that was a feature of that particular door). 
As soon as we saw the light around us, I looked up, he turned around because the light was coming from an angle, based on the light's more oval shape on the grass, which seemed to be coming from in front of me and behind him. To our astonishment, there was an oval, kind of football shaped but, more rounded at the ends. It was a glowing orb like craft that was bright yellow in the center with like a radial gradient of bright orangey / red along the edges. It's hard to believe your own eyes with an event like this. Thankfully, I had my cousin there to witness it too! Also, it made no noise at all TOTALLY SILENT! It was perfectly in place hovering. Since it made no noise and just hovered, we couldn't tell how far away it was. but it seemed to me to be at my 11 o'clock high. so I'm guessing about 60 - 70 deg angle high. I have no idea of the distance but my impression was around 500-700 ft? That's with a big question mark. But, that "spotlight" as I'll call it must have been quite powerful because if it actually was that far away, the light it shined around us was rather tight on the edges.
We only got to view it for what seemed to be just a second or two (maybe three seconds at most). Then it shot off to the left with incredible speed. We of course couldn't tell how fast it went but fast enough that we just were able to make out that it went to the left before disappearing. I mean "disappearing" due to it's speed not phasing out. We couldn't track it. It was too fast.

People may ask, do you think it may have been some kind of high end military tech? I EXTREMELY doubt it for the following reasons:
#1 No noise.
#2 It found us in a small city at the time we went out (or several seconds up to a minute after we stepped out), and we were extremely well hidden and whispering so quietly that unless you were two feet away, you couldn't hear the short conversation. How "in the world" was it (they) able to find us? 
#3 The astronautics / flight characteristics. It hovered perfectly still (for the short amount of time that we were able to see it). 
#4 The incredible acceleration! If a human was in a conventional aircraft that could accelerate from 0 to (who know how fast) mach 4,5 maybe faster? That who probably break most every bone in your body. Well could have been a drone? Drone in 1985 that didn't make any noise at all and could accelerate like it did from zero and shine that powerful beam at us and also know exactly were we were and how to find us? The drone would had to have had E.S.P. as well. Drones as an explanation? NO WAY. 

What makes this even more incredible is that in 1977 I saw another one with my grandmother. I haven't officially reported that one yet. Like the '85 sighting, the one in '77 was a strictly visual event. Sight was the only one of our five senses that was experienced.
