{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-07-29 20:27:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548882","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"7600","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3006,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/882/mufon-5548882.json","updb_database_id":5548882}
Sun set photo's bring out lighted elongated objects that flew off threw the sky and another rise from the ground at a 90 degree angle then shoots of at a high speed through the sky turns out to be 5-6 different one's

July 29 2007 We were returning from taking pictures out at the Big Chute just past the village of Coldwater, when we headed back to Orillia just in time for the sun to set.
 I knew there was a real good spot to catch the sunset and so that1s where we headed towards. As we arrived at 8:30pm the sky was all kinds of really neat colors that were in amazement to the eye. As I snapped off pictures of the sky my friends had noticed the first two objects become more bright and visible in the sky so I began to focus in on those two items. As I captured some shots still taking pictures of the sky as well as the two elongated objects that were moving at a forty degree angle up towards the clouds and there speed seemed to not be that out of the ordinary when off to the right, there arose the same type of elongated object that in my pictures I capture a trail behind the object that rises on a 90 degree angle then as the trail disappears and the object stops still all in the same time it begins to shoot off to the left towards the south. As I am capturing this object there is also another one is spotted farther in the distance that is below the one that is shooting off. It was farther in the distance and was hard to focus in on yet I already knew that I had some real good pictures of something in the sky. I have over 30 different photos that show in fast action the movement of an object that rises up and then shoots off at a 90 degree angle. I was excited to get home and see the photo1s as I knew that I had a real unexplainable event that I was able to get pictures of with my very own camera. As I viewed the photo1s closer at home with my friends we were able to find another object that had actually moved across the sky the opposite way as the rest of them! The clouds were amazing and as we look into the clouds there were lighted objects that were possibly them still traveling onward out of sight.
It was all an event I will never forget.
It made the local paper on FRI Aug 3rd 2007 front page.
