{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-23 20:37:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489882","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69722","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2654,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/882/mufon-5489882.json","updb_database_id":5489882}
{jpg} Massive, silent UFO flyover while driving west on I40, pictures taken

I was driving home from a BBQ at a friends house. I was traveling west on interstate 40 when I noticed three bright lights that were moving just under the low cloud cover. It had rained lightly half an hour before this time so the clouds were low. I then realized the three lights were glowing spots on the underside of a craft that I was seeing. The craft passed silently over me, then proceeded west gaining speed over the mountains. I managed to get my phone out any take a picture before driving around the mountain to where the flight path would be visible. By the time I traveled around to see approximately a minute later the craft was no longer visible due to clouds.

During the flyover I noticed the white to golden, flickering, pulsating lights in a V shape on the bottom surface of the black to charcoal, circular craft. The surface texture was hard to observe as the ship was gaining altitude into slight cloud cover. When it was visible the texture seemed metallic, black, rough but not reflective. There was an effect of the bottom surface of the craft that made the clarity rough or fuzzy looking. No noises were heard, a lack of noise is more accurate as the craft moved. The rate of acceleration was quick, once it cleared the mountain top and partially in the cloud cover. This was not a jet, or helicopter, it was some sort of craft that is solid. The clouds didn't shroud it like a normal jet passes through the clouds. The craft looked more distorted as it got closer to the altitude of the clouds as if it were mimicking the visual effect of cloud cover.

My initial reaction was amazement to the lights then a sudden surge of wonder to what it could be. I grabbed my phone and took pictures while speeding up to proceed around the bend of the mountains. In the minute it took me to travel around the mountain, the craft had disappeared into the clouds.
