{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-30 15:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286882","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116500","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2900,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/882/mufon-5286882.json","updb_database_id":5286882}
5 entities came out of the clouds one at a time.

This event happened in lakewood, WA. Prior to us leaving the next day to the state of Maine driving cross-country. My husband and I we're sitting outside at Quality Inn but 74th and I-5. I was playing a game on my cell phone when my husband got all excited and told me to look up. As I looked up I saw one black outline somewhat transparent figure come into existence and then I continued to watch as 4 more manifested themselves with what appeared to.be a black misty outline. There is now a total of 5 figures all of exact size and shape. We continued to watch for another 8 minutes until they slowly disappeared all at the same rate. There were additional people present but no one else seemed to notice or show interest.  These were not ships but a figure resembling a giant squid but with a much larger head almost mushroom shaped with a rounded solid middle and appendages resembling a squid or octopus. They manifested with a black misty like outline and disappeared in the reverse. Have never seen anything like it before. I personally believe that we were only meant to see it. The reason I believe this is because both me and my husband have had numerous sightings loss of time possible abduction and telepathic type messages. I have had experiences starting from a very young age in the state of Maine and then continuing in the state of Washington for 6 decades. I made a report previously with WA state mufon on a 1978 experience at Mt Rainier Nat Park while snow camping that involved a ship, a ship following us and loss of 3 hours of time. I have not reported numerous other events which includes time freezing, that I continue to move through. Metallic round orbs and stationary.stars moving as a group across the horizon once I thought that I knew they were watching so you might as well show yourselves. Nor have I reported the 1994 incident cause psychologically it changed me especially on how I interpret reality and its connections. Quantum theory has been my hobby ever since.. There is so much more but I dont feel comfortable speaking of it unless anonymous. Let's just say I have enhanced abilities and something is continually talking to me. Well now that I sound mental which I'm not it would be to all concerned benefit to contact me..
