{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-31 23:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480882","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79164","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2442,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/882/mufon-5480882.json","updb_database_id":5480882}
saw it in the pitch black while camping with my boyfriend. we both witnessed it.

On July 31st, 2016, while camping near Raft Pond with my boyfriend (Quenton, 36) and my son (Noah, 10), both me and Quenton were heading to the tent, at shortly after 11:30PM. Noah had gone to bed a couple hours prior, so me and Quenton stayed up to have a couple beers and chat around the campfire. when we decided to go to bed, Quenton threw a bucket of water over the fire, and while we were both waiting for the smoke to clear, we started admiring the view of the stars from where we were. No light pollution meant we could see more stars than where we lived, and both being lovers of the night sky, just stood there staring for a while. I saw what i thought at first was a chinese flying lantern, and pointed it out to Quenton. He immediately said to me "that's not a lantern, its moving too fast" so we both stood there and watched it for a few minutes. it went up and then to the right, very quickly. then stopped and went left in an almost straight line before shooting down almost to the horizon, and then zig zagging its way back up to almost right above us. this went on for about 15 minutes. I tried to get a video of it with my phone, but it was too dark and too far away. My heart began to beat faster and my breathing got heavier, as i wasn't sure what to say or do about the experience. we noticed as it was flying around that all the animals went silent, and we couldnt even hear the river flowing that was less than ten feet from our campsite. as i said before, we watched it for about 15 minutes before it shot off into the distance out of sight. neither of us could sleep that night, we just stayed awake until dawn talking about it.
