{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-11 09:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529882","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25626","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3264,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/882/mufon-5529882.json","updb_database_id":5529882}
Matte silver metallic disc wobbled/undulated slowly northward directly over downtown Portland

I was at home in my apartment getting dressed for the day when I noticed some movement out of the corner of my eye. I turned my head to look out of my North-facing window and saw, VERY clearly, an airborne object gliding slowly northward. The weather was partly cloudy but the object moved low in the sky, well below the clouds, and for the entirety of the sighting it remained at a consistent speed (slower than an airplane/faster than the wind that morning) and on a consistent altitude. 
The first thing that struck me was how the object was behaving as it flew. This is going to be tough to describe but I'll give it my best shot. Like a spun top slowly losing momentum the center of this solid metal disc stayed stationary while the outer rim dipped methodically as it traveled. It was a very attention-catching motion that allowed me to see every detail on every side of the object. My mind was trying very hard to convince me that it was a balloon of some sort. My eyes wholly disagreed. The top of the disc was convex, smooth, and featureless. The bottom side was the same except for six (give or take) smooth bulges, or warts, evenly spaced protruding in a circle near the outer edge of the disc.
The object made no noise as it moved overhead and traveled north, directly over the I-405 bridge and it simply shrank into the distance and finally disappeared. Aside from its undulating motion, it seemed to be out for a leisurely stroll.
The entire sighting lasted about eight minutes and filled me with awe and excitement. Being my first sighting I honestly did not think to film it as it was happening but I did think about calling a local friend of mine and ask if he could see it too, but since my phone was on the other side of the room and I did not want to miss a second of witnessing this astonishing happening I made no such phone call. I did, however, attempt to wake my sleeping girlfriend, and despite my elated cries of "oh my god!" and "Hurry! come see this!" she was too tired to want any part of what I was freaking out about.
Post-sighting I was left with a warm afterglow. The experience seemed to fill me with energy and optimism. I'm in no way a skywatcher. I've never doubted that we aren't alone in the universe, but until that day I had little interest in looking for evidence of ETs. I'm posting this out of sheer curiosity. I want to know who else saw what I saw. An object that size behaving the way it was DIRECTLY on top of downtown Portland did not go unnoticed. Does anyone have a practical explanation? Did anyone else see the damn thing?
