{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-03 18:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283882","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119549","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4056,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/882/mufon-5283882.json","updb_database_id":5283882}
an enormous long, pencil shaped white glowing craft with rectangular windows giving off white light and moving in a straight line from west to east.

Antioch, Tennessee United States.
December 3rd 2021.
Today at around 6:00 pm in the evening, not quite dark, I went out my side kitchen door to take my dog out. I was talking on the phone with my Mom when I felt a sort of sensation, like energy (static or pressure), and I looked up and noticed the stars, then something else. At first, I thought what I saw must have been an enormous glowing white tail of a comet, it was beautiful, but moving so very slow, then I realized it was far too straight across the sky, as I put down the phone, and really looked at it I realized that what I was seeing was “windows” in a straight line, a double or triple row in some places, stacked on top of each other, little rectangular windows of white light moving in an absolutely straight line. Moving from the West to the East towards the Knoxville direction. But moving very slow. It was extremely high and very, very, very long, and enormous, it must have been many miles long, all the windows in it reminded me of an enormous white pencil moving in a straight line across the sky. I realized there was no noise, it was silent, it must have been many 10’s of thousands of feet high, I ran inside for my cell phone for a picture was back in less than 10 seconds and got a distorted picture of it that appears to have a kink in it, it was hard because I couldn’t see the image on the screen, it was so dark, but with my own eyes, what I saw was absolutely straight line of windows of white light moving slowly. I have never seen anything like this before, I knew what I was witnessing was incredible. I know that I live near and airport and in the path of landing patterns, but this was no plane, it was far too large, incredibly large, impossibly long and straight, no wings, no nothing, just extremely long with white windows in a continuous row moving very straight, silent and slowly across the sky. I watched it for a least a full 2 minutes. As part of it started to disappear in the skyline above the trees to the East, something happened. It’s like part of the thing more toward the Knoxville end faded in the space of about 1 second and the rest of it that I could plainly see in West part of the craft all of a sudden disappeared, zap, in an instant.
Within seconds, I saw two flashes of white light in two thin clouds, a few clouds that were in an otherwise temporarily clear sky to the south. The wind was blowing a little bit. I was gob smacked, just astonished. I continued walking around in my back yard looking up and all around the sky, looking for anything else and within about a minute I saw two large orange Triangles to the West of me, over towards I-24, flying in a southerly direction. They two were moving slow, but faster than the flying “white pencil shaped craft with windows”. I watched till they left my sight, they were also silent. I also noticed there was regular air traffic flying- planes. A few minutes later I saw another orange triangle flying over towards the East in a South, south east direction. I did not see it for very long, just a few seconds, the trees blocked it. It was also silent. It was over.
