{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-07-29 22:41:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455882","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105722","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2706,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/882/mufon-5455882.json","updb_database_id":5455882}
{rjl} UFO interacts with ISS

Back in July of 2018 a group of us were enjoying an evening by the lake in NE Snohomish Washington. It was about an hour after sunset, there was still some light in the sky but stars were starting to appear. One of my friends made us aware that the International Space Station (ISS) was going to be passing overhead momentarily from West to East (he knew this from an app on his phone). Three of us walked out on the dock as to get an unobstructed view of its transit. Sure enough at roughly 10:39 the ISS appeared in the western sky and was visible with the naked eye. We watched it pass overhead and all three of us were standing together, all watching the ISS. As the ISS started into the Eastern sky a spherical light appeared close in proximity. The sphere then shot at unreal speed directly at the ISS stopped right next to it and then did a series of slow movements around it while seemingly matching its pace. The three of us all simultaneously expressed some version of WTF in unison. The sphere then shot off to another location still in close proximity to the ISS and stood still. At this point the ISS slowly disappeared into the eastern horizon and the sphere remained motionless. Then after a second or two it shot off or disappeared. The three of us stood there perplexed and all agree that we cannot make sense of what we saw. I remember the sphere being mostly white but both of my friends claim it had an orange or reddish hue.

This UFO, ISS interaction took place between 10:40 – 10:43pm PST on July 29th 2018. It was observed from NE Snohomish Washington.

Here’s where I’m hoping someone can help. I spent a decent amount of time online trying to find a resource for external ISS video footage for this timeframe to no avail. We are convinced that if we could get access to the recordings of the outside cameras from the ISS at this time we would see something phenomenal. Does anyone on this board know of a resource for archival ISS footage that can be searched and segmented to a specific time? If so please share. Thanks in advance!
