{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1984-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512236","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46089","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4358,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/236/mufon-5512236.json","updb_database_id":5512236}
heard a low hum in wilderness area, saw 200 cigar shaped craft hovering barely above ground, laser came at us, friend now has no memory

I would be very interested to tell you my story that occured about 25 years ago on the west side of vancouver island, I would be interested in an interview of some very strange and unexplainable events and a craft of enormous size siting'hovering in a remote logging road landing at sundown, night, unreal indeed!!! Even stranger the guy i saw this with, have recenty been in contact with after 25 years, NO Memory of it, eerie indeed............

Around dusk, while visiting neighbors, we discovered a low humming coming from behind us, we lived next to forest reserve. We came along a back fire road up to a gravel pit around 10 minutes walk and climbed the closest hill with shrubbery. The sound was much louder and what we saw I'll never forget. A large elongated structure, metallic with bright lights up high. It was on stilts off the ground maybe 4-6 feet or maybe hovering. What really struck me was there were no people at all or any common vehicles around, no cars or trucks. I was totally amazed at the whole thing when as sudden as could, the brightest light moved quickly and shone right on us with great intent which freaked us both up and we both ran home in a panic. The next day we went to check out this site and even though I was leaving footprints while walking around, they were no signs of the previous nights strange happenings, no marks from last night in the soft ground, no tire marks coming in and out. Never did get any answers about this, one old neighbor said the army practices maneuvers up there sometimes??

Thank-you for your report. I cannot off the top of my head think of what you may have seen. I am hoping you can draw a picture of what you saw, and perhaps shed some more light on the sighting? For example, how tall was the structure?, and marking on it? Doors, windows or other openings? Also, I would very much like to know the area/location of the sighting, if you can provide it in any more detail.

Thank-you,
Richard, UFOBC

Witness replied: (Aug 24th 2008)

Hello, thanks for your reply, the object I say was about 10 miles west of Sooke near my house on Anderson Road, very remote area with mostly forest and logging roads, this was a logging clearing area where it was, on Vancouver Island, BC. I estimate it was well over 100 feet long and maybe 12-15 feet high. It appeared to be on stilts as it was off the ground, though I am unable to describe its "legs", if even indeed they were there. It had an almost inaudible sound, in fact when I first heard it I brought my friend's attention to the sound, it was such a low hum it almost felt like vibrations, more then audible. That's when we decided to investigate. I never forget that night, it was so weird, how did it get there, why were no people or vehicles around, and how did it disappear by early dawn morning and then leave not one mark in the soft earth, very perplexing. As I said previously the scariest thing is when a light from the middle came bolting toward us at lighting speed to shine on our faces for a split second where we were hiding on a 30 foot thicket mound. I actually had to grab Andy as he seemed to be "caughtn in the light" So "it" knew we were there for sure, sensored for heat or movement I think. I fear what would have happened if we were unable to back out of there pronto. It did have many low brightness lights that were facing down, and what appeared as darkened windows all over, it looked extremely high tech. I would draw a picture but it would just look like a flat fat round edged "cigar". I saw this with a close friend, and still shiver at our close encounter....
