{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-04-20 23:41:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501236","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57830","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3037,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/236/mufon-5501236.json","updb_database_id":5501236}
Strange object glowing green white hovering and flying at strange downward angle

My boyfriend and I had been living on the little island of Culebra PR for the past 3 and a half years. Towards the end of that time we moved out to the end of the island where the sky's are very dark, and the property we lived on was fairly remote at the furthest eastern end of the island.

We had been out on the front deck of our house enjoying the starry skies when we noticed a fairly large light to the north end of our porch. It was completely visible to us, as it was quite high in the sky. We watched it for quite some time, and as we were so relaxed we figured it must be a plane heading to one of the larger islands. We were very familiar with the traffic patterns of the airlines by this time, and we thought that the object was kind of off course and at somewhat of a strange angle, even the time of the flight seemed a little off schedule (11:40 pm apprx) but we were talking and enjoying the night. We continued to observe the object, but by this time we realized that this "flight" was not really moving. It seemed to stay in one place, the more we looked at it, we noticed that it had kind of a hazy field of light around it and what seemed to be like a beam of light coming from it. The angle of the light was very odd, not like a plane at all. It was not scanning the area or moving, just hovering. The light of the object itself began to pulse variably from white haze to a green haze and there was a strange kind of static feeling and sound in the air (which would not be normal for tropical weather). It was almost kind of hypnotizing. The object hung in this position for somewhere between 20 to 30 mins, but then we realized that it seemed like it was slowly getting closer. We both laughed and said it felt like they were looking for something, or maybe it was even us they were watching. I definitely got and eerie feeling at that point. I went inside for a minute to use the bathroom and when I came out it was still there, just seemed closer. We watched it for approximately another 10 minutes or so and then suddenly the glowing object made a rapid 90* dodge to the right (east) and vanished instantaneously. I told my friend about it the next day and she being a long time resident of the island said she felt that there was a lot of activity like that in the area. She didn't want to know any more about it, as it was very disturbing to her.
