{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483236","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76691","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2809,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/236/mufon-5483236.json","updb_database_id":5483236}
In the back yard. Looked and saw the object. Watched it for 50 mins. Got my partner out of bed to see it

I had just gone into my rear yard to put an empty bottle into the bin. As i lifted the lid i saw flashing lights in the sky. 4 red lights flashed brightly and when then faded there was a constant green band of light across the middle,seperating the top half from the bottom. At first i thought the police helicopter was out again, but as i watched i realised there was no noise. No noise at all. There were planes flying over as i live about 12 miles from Manchester airport and i could hear those. It didnt seem to be moving at all. Just flashing. I ran into the house and woke my partner up. I was excited. When you have cancelled everything else out, it could only be one thing. A ufo. I grabbed my phone and went back outside. My partner joined me and we both tried to work out just what it was. We both watched and agreed we had never seen anything like it before. After about 15 mins my partner went back in and left me to it. It seemed to be moving extremely slowly. In the 50 minutes i was watching i would say it had travelled approimately 10 miles. It seemed to be stopping at points. The lights looked to be brighter then but that might have been my eyes because it was dark. I watched planes of all altitudes travel across the sky and all were gone in less than five minutes. Eventually it vanished behind the roof of the house behind ours. I tried to video it but my phone would zoom in far enough and being dark you couldnt see any thing but a small light. The video is jumpy because im at full zoom, so it is the phone not the object moving. You can see it flahing though.
