{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-06-14 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492236","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67308","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3963,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/236/mufon-5492236.json","updb_database_id":5492236}
{jpg} Mass abduction. Dozens in pajamas floating feet first to landing site.

This was a dream like none other. Regressive hypnosis not involved. Events clearly remembered upon awakening and to this very day. The dream was very very real. Involved many abductees. I want to know if others have reported same experience mid-June 1992 San Gabriel Valley in foothills of the San Gabiel Mountains, Angeles National Forest. 

The events:

I am reading in the middle of the night as I often did back then. Noticed the time. About 3 a,m. Then I doze off...or do I?

The dream: it is the middle of night. I am awake in bed. My wife is sound asleep. She is next to me. A funny sensation overcomes me. A stillness. I begin to levitate above my bed. I grab my wife. She remains asleep. Together we rise above the bed and float feet first through the bedroom doorway down the hall into the living room into the laundry room and out the back door. Now outside we slowly rise above the house and into the air. We reach an altitude of several hundred feet possibly 1,000 ft. Semi paralyzed I am able to look around and I see dozens of others in their pajamas floating through the air feet first like us. We are all moving in the same direction toward an unknown destination. I am able to see across the San Gabriel Valley from a perspective of several hundred possibly a thousand feet above the ground. The valley lights, street lights, car lights, commercial lights light the valley in the normal way.

We abductees continue to float slowly. We eventually land in a field not far from our house possibly a thousand meters away.. Beings in space suits attend to each of us. A ufo is parked nearby in the field. The beings are administering shots. The one who gives us our shots, my wife's and mine removes her helmet and smiles. She is very Asian in appearance with long black hair. 

i awake, the dream has ended and my wife and I are back in bed...or did we ever leave? Was it real or a dream? My wife remained asleep through the entire dream and has no memory of it. However, we both notice the next day that our upper arms are sore...as if we each had had a vaccination. 

Dream two: the very next night about the same time a second dream takes place. This time I hear a vehicle drive up our driveway. the property is five acres in size and the driveway is long, about 100 feet. I do not hear a gas engine purring. I instead hear wheels rolling on the ground. Judging from the sound the vehicle rolls right up to our bedroom and parks. Three sides of the bedroom walls are walls of glass. The drapes are drawn. I cannot see outside. Suddenly I am paralyzed and then begin to rise above the bed. I float feet first right through the wall. I am now outside and can see an odd futuristic looking four wheel vehicle the size of an army tank. I float into it. I do not notice anyone in the vehicle. This vehicle then drives forward. I can see outside. It moves off the edge of the hill that drops off next to our bedroom and moves into another place, another dimension possibly. 

The next string I know I am in a rural,town. There is a human looking being nearby. I begin to run. He reaches for me. I pop him in the face which jars his face which then falls to the ground. He is a robot. I run...

The next thing I know I am back in bed awake. My wife is next to me asleep.
