{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-13 22:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517236","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40790","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2365,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/236/mufon-5517236.json","updb_database_id":5517236}
(gs) Red/white orb hovering over trees,then took off

It was approx 10:25pm on July 13th 2012. I was returning home from work and was traveling an everyday road as I am extremely familiar with the area. It was dark as it seemed to have cloud cover as you can tell by the town lights. I was driving south bound and just drove over a hill where I noticed a strange light in the sky just to the right of me. Immediately I thought to myself "Theres no cell tower there? What is that?"... I slowed down to look at this light which didn't seem that high over the treeline that it was hovering. It appeared to be maybe 200 ft over the tree lines. As I was driving a little closer to the light, it looked to me to have 2 colors. The top of the light was reddish/orange and the bottom was more of a whitish light. Almost as if two in one. But the light was strange in the fact that the light was more of a candle light warmth color. As Im slowly driving past watching this light (and its still to the right of me). I noticed another car just sitting watching this thing as well. I continued to drive slowly then decide to turn around to continue to watch this thing so I turned into a driveway area within 10 sec.. turned around and now the light had moved westward about 2000 ft. I thought to myself, "That light couldnt have been that far away in the distance." The light hovered there for a while, then I noticed the SUV that was parked decided to take off from watching it pretty quickly. I could tell it was a woman as she drove past me and she appeared to look bothered. I turned back to watch this hovering orb and within a split second or millisecond and at an unimaginable speed, I watched this thing zoom off northwest. I drove home very upset as to what I witnessed as well.
