{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482148","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77820","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2915,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/148/mufon-5482148.json","updb_database_id":5482148}
{rjl} It was an event that I will remember until the day I die. Seeing this object up close and personal.

I was in my early teenage years, enjoying a time of fun and fellowship with my family at my grandmother's house on what is known as Tiptop or TomSauk mountain which is the highest pointin the state of MO. It was probably around 11 or 12 in the early afternoon, while my uncles and I were playing a game of basketball when my aunt called out to us to look. We all stopped playing to see what she was wanting us to see. There she was, pointing up at the sky where all of us saw it, a UFO. There it was, hovering up over us as if it was watching us guy's playing our game. All of a sudden my aunt bolted into the house and returned with a pair of binoculars and began looking at the object. Soon all of us probably twelve to fifteen total was fighting over the binoculars to take our turn to look at it up close and personal. The craft looked like a bowl on top of another bowl, disc shaped. It had lights all around the center of it flashing red, yellow, green sequentially, you know, red, yellow, green all the way around it. Through the binoculars you could see windows in the craft, antenas on it as well. The craft was just hovering there, not making a sound at all. I dont know how log it hovered above us exactly, probably somewhere around ten to fifteen minutes, and then at the snap of the finger, it was gone. As far as my feelings and actions over the event, speachless. All I can say is, it was the talk and the conversation for the rest of the day, none of us could believe what we had seen. I do not understand exactly, but these craft continued to be seen around our town for many months after by many people, not a few, but many. I guess the greatest spectacular viewing, was after a school basket ball game. I have no idea at how many people was standing in the school parking lot, gazing at the heavens watching these red glowing lights dancing around in the night sky putting on a display that words cannot explain. I'm talking about doing things that no human aircraft could ever do. Shoot across the sky with no sound, stop, shoot backwards, stop, go straight up, stop, then shoot staight down and stop at its own free will with all ease. However, these craft were seen both during the day and at night.
