{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-31 13:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486148","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73568","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3391,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/148/mufon-5486148.json","updb_database_id":5486148}
{dr}New Years Eve Eagle Sightings 1:11PM. Second of two sightings. First eagle sighting was a solo eagle. The second sighting was a pair of eagles. An 'object' shows up in a digital photograph of the pair of eagle sighting

New years eve 12-31-2015 1:11PM, Eugene, OR.
 I was looking out our front window that faces west, as I often do for occasions such as this rare one. There is EUG airport to the north and to the west of our location and an area called the 'Wetlands' almost due west also from our location. The wetlands are a preserved site critical for bird migration in this area, so there is always something to look for and see, and that is what I do when I look to the west.
 I saw birds and watched closely and I could see the white tail feathers and head of something. I was not sure what kind of large bird I was observing, but I called my wife to have a look, as she too is very interested in large birds. As she, my wife, came to the window, I went for my DSLR camera, and by the time I came back, she was outside watching what was an eagle coming towards us from the west and passed over near by and flew away in a southerly direction. I commented, that if there is one, then there is another one, and speculated that we may see more later on. That was at 10:25AM according to the digital photo time stamp of captured images of that first single eagle sighting.
 At 1:11PM later that same day, my wife was outside in the back patio when she called for me and bring the camera. She had spotted two eagles approaching from the west as she looked over the roof of the house to the west. I managed to capture several images of the pair of eagles as they flew towards us and again headed off in a southerly direction unknown due to being in the back of the house as the large birds were still further to the west from our location.
 After watching the pair of eagles fly out of sight, we went back to what we had been doing before the activity with the eagle sightings.
 I later that same day looked at the images I had captured with a DSLR camera (Nikon D3000), and looked closely at each photograph and noticed something in one of the frames.
 An object, that appears to be oval in shape and white in color, with the possibility of a shadow, shows up in image DSC_3614 that depicts a pair of large birds in flight facing away from the camera. One large bird on the left of the frame appears to be to the upper left of the frame and the second large bird appears to be to the lower right of the frame.
 The 'object' in question, is to the upper right of the left large bird in the frame.
