{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524148","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31742","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2708,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/148/mufon-5524148.json","updb_database_id":5524148}
bright object raised suddenly over distant sierra mtns, hovered, then sped away

I've been a calif Civil Engineer, number 23123, for many years. During summer break of 95 or 96 i worked for PGE on a traveling survey crew. One monday morning i left san francisco very early to drive to work in Oakhurst/Bass Lake. My route was south on I5 then i cut east thru the central valley somewhere in vicinity of Merced. Sun rays (sunrise) were appearing over the sierra nevada mtns to the east, not a cloud in the sky. No aircraft visible. Then a very bright object rose very suddenly from behind the sierra nev mtns to an elevation of about 5 degrees above the horizon. Then it stopped and hovered for few seconds. Then it sped off to the S-SE in a wavering path. It's path was perhaps 5 degrees upward. It seemed to disappear into space, not over the horizon.  It showed no signs of acceleration in that it went from zero to very very fast in an instant. The speed at which it left my sight was incredibly fast and was "hypersonic". A human being could not have survived the movements of the wavering path, and nothing man-made could have moved that fast, at that time or even today.  The object appeared to be quite distant from me when i first saw it, and it appeared to rise from "behind" the SN moutains. Because of the distance it must have been quite large, in fact very large. At the time i judged it's distance to be a very long way from me, like in excess of 30-40 miles. The size of the object was not as large as the moon but was perhaps 3-5% of the size of the moon in the sky. It certainly wasn't just a light and it certainly wasn't an airplane. Nothing man made could move as suddenly or could be as bright or as large as this very bright object. No pulsations, just a very bright object that i was able to observe. I don't recall having sunglasses on at the time, but probably wasn't wearing them because the sun was not visible yet.  I don't remember the exact date or year, but should be able to come close via social security records. If i was to guess the year i'd say 1995. The day would be hard to pin down.
