{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467148","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93522","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2814,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/148/mufon-5467148.json","updb_database_id":5467148}
{td} Broad Daylight, on sailboat. Look up,

This was a long time ago, I apologize for hazziness. I was about 10. My dad, sister and I were on our sailboat, motoring back to port down Sassafras River (Chesapeake Bay). Bright sunny day, roughly mid-day. Uneventful, humming along slowly. Not sure what called me to look up to my upper right (toward the South), saw what I remember as basically a very long, dark green missile with mustard yellow insignia, or maybe the "insignia" was outline of short elements of superstructure, almost flush with surface. I do not remember any sound at all. Just as quickly as it appeared, it was gone. It may have traveled in a line from South to North. That is the direction in which that the craft, being long and narrow, was pointed, so I could be extrapolating that detail. My dad, sister and I all looked agape at each other, something like "What?! You see that?!" No more sighting or sound at all, the day just continued normally. We brought it up very often in the ensuing years, conjectured that it was probably some early version of a drone from Aberdeen Proving Grounds or something. Now that I am older and have had some experience with vessels at sea and in the air I become more and more inclined to believe that this thing moved like nothing I have ever seen or even heard about. Like it appeared, then vanished. And my Dad was a Vietnam vet, had seen a lot in his life, his reaction as an adult at that time really struck me. I could imagine that perhaps I was just too young to know about certain aircraft or something, but not him. Whenever we would discuss it, it was the same - very simple, shocking, but nothing to really go further into. Just a totally unexplainable phenomenon by any tangible frame of experience any of us had or has had since. I bring it up now because I finally realize that it could perhaps intersect with other sightings at that time and place, and be at least a smidgen of evidence to pursue. I would add also that this thing seemed too big to be a drone, at least by the methods of propulsion known to be used today by militaries. It also did not have a visible pathway as it "left," rather it just was there one second, gone the next.
