{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-11-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517148","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40886","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2395,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/148/mufon-5517148.json","updb_database_id":5517148}
{dr}I awoke to an orb hovering above my bed.What I saw was not what my husband saw.

My husband and I were asleep in our second story condo in Temple Terrace. It was either in the fall or spring about 1991,as our north facing window was open.
I was asleep on my back,my husband on his left side facing the wall. He snores.
I awoke to see an orb, about the size of a basketball , hovering just above my shins. It was an oily swirrling of teal blue and salmon pink inside the orb. 
I said to my husband," Do you see that?" He said, "Uhuh."
He had not moved.
I said "Good" , and slowly raised my right arm to touch it. It slowly moved to my right...perhaps through the wall.
I went straight back to bed. This is odd since when I am awake I can not get back to sleep. Another odd thing is that I am really nearsighted, but saw the beautiful colors swirrling clearly.
The next morning, I asked my husband what he saw. He became angry and did not want to talk about it. I wanted to know, I was excited. Everytime I brought it up, he was angry. I never saw this side of him.
After abouty a week, he relented. This is what he saw: an orb, green like the old IBM computer screens, longitude and latitude lines.
Wow! I ask what numbers he saw,he could not tell me. He told me not to tell anyone about this. 
At this time, I was taking a gifted course in which they taught us about right brained and left brained people. I am right brained, my husband left. Whatever this was, was speaking to our dominant brain side.
It took a little over a month for him to be comfortable with me telling anyone.
My husband and I are college graduates, pretty scientific. This was not explainable.
Since then, I have shared this with family and friends. He remains uncomfortable speaking about it to this day.
