{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1987-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481148","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78883","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2545,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/148/mufon-5481148.json","updb_database_id":5481148}
{jpg} Perhaps the size of 2 football field, looked like 2 Star destroyers back-to-back

It was in Hermosa, SD. We were returning home late at night (me, my wife and 3 children ages 13, 11, and 5). A car was parked alongside the road with a couple outside of it looking up. We pulled over to see if they were having car problems. It was then we noticed the craft, huge, diamond shaped moving accross the valley. I had served for 2 years on an aircraft carrier in the Navy, and this craft was much larger. It moved totally silent over the valley very slowly. Various lights were on the craft. We watched the craft move slowly for a few minutes. Upon reaching the end of the valley, the front of the craft started rising toward the stars and then, without a sound took off at an incredible speed and was gone in a couple of seconds.

The object scared my children, but my wife and I were just staring dumbfounded. I wish cell phones with cameras had been invented back then so I could have recorded it. When we got home we all sat down in separate places in the house and drew pictures of what we each saw. Every drawing was nearly identical. Unfortunately 3 months later the church I was pastoring closed, and we ended up becoming homeless and were forced to leave everything we owned with friends in Rapid City. We never could get back to pick up our stuff which included those drawings.

This wasn't the first experience we had with UFOs and lights in that area. Also since my childhood, I have experienced other strange events that may or may not be connected to abductions. I've never openly shared any of this with anyone, except my wife and a very few close friends. As a pastor at the time, most Christians weren't exactly open to the idea of aliens and especially alien abduction. Many of these events in my life from childhood to about the age to 42 remain a mystery to me. I'm not saying that I experienced abduction but I might have, several times.
