{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487148","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72524","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2774,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/148/mufon-5487148.json","updb_database_id":5487148}
{cak} Whit light being reached inside my left chest. I was lying on my back. When light being removed it's hand from my chest it vanished. interdimential, no crafts, solo being.

I was in bed resting. I frequently awaken between the hours of two to four am. I was lying on my back in my bed when i noticed to my left the white light being. Humanoid but tall and thin. With no sound the being reached into my left chest area, i didn't feel any pain, pressure or discomfort. That lasted about 5 minutes. The being removed it's hand from my left chest and stood there for about 2 minutes and then vanished. No crafts, a solo being.

I felt fine the next few months however a strong intuitive urge kept hounding me to get to the cardiologist. Again, no chest pains or anything.
I to get an ekg they ordered a stress test, then read the test and they informed me of my dyer health condition. So i was rushed into the hospital to prep me for a triple bypass and a replacement Aorta valve. I was born Bicuspid instead of Tricuspid. It was a triple bypass and a Aorta valve replacement, they joked and said a two for one operation deal since they sawed my chest opened.

My take and feelings on this incident was the White Light Being made temporary repairs for me to not have a heart attack or stroke ahead of time. The doctors were saying your so lucky because the bicuspid one valve was completely clogged and your heart valves for the bypass' were also clogged in bad shape that i got into the hospital at the right time. It was a miracle. All the while The White Light Being made adjustments to give me the time and the strong intuition to get into the hospital to save my life.

I have the closest image of the white light being i could find anywhere and a photo of a man sleeping like i would have that night.

PS I don't dream of being in my bedroom. When i dream i dream of going vast distances, seeing other things, never did i have a dream of myself in my bed.
