{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-08-21 19:53:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548148","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"12166","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2410,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/148/mufon-5548148.json","updb_database_id":5548148}
Bright white, disc shaped light moving slowly

Tonight (Aug 21-2008) at 7:53 pm and last night at 7:55pm I saw the same odd thing and feel as though I must report it in case it shows up again tomorrow night as I think it will.

   I was on lone mountain street (North Las Vegas, NV) looking west at the mountains when suddenly a light appeared right where I was looking. It was about two finger widths (held at arms length) above the mountaintops. It then moved so slowly it was hard to perceive that it was moving but for the relative position of the mountains. It took 9 minutes to go two finger widths and behind the mountains. It did not take a straight path; it descended towards the mountains almost straight down but beared just a little to the right. then it went to the right along the top of the mountains then behind the mountain (the distance it traveled to the right along the top of the mountain was about as big as your fingernail is wide held at arms length) It moved very very slowly. It seemed to move at a constant speed. It did appear to brighten and dim a little but stayed pretty much the same brightness the whole time. I stepped out my front door and looked at it with my binoculars and it looked like a bright white disc shaped object that had no strobe. There are a lot of planes around here but I would not post this if I thought there was any chance of it being a plane. The object is easy to see, it is very bright and has showed up the last two nights within five minutes of each other. anywhere north of Craig road could see it very well but you could probably see it from most places even farther south since it first appears a little above the mountains, look between 7:50-7:58pm. I will post tomorrow if it shows again but I1m hoping someone else will read this and look for it too.
