{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-07-26 20:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547148","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"18424","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2724,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/148/mufon-5547148.json","updb_database_id":5547148}
I saw a bright orange ball of light approach the front of my house at approx 1000 ft.

At the above mentioned date and time I exited the front door of my home to run an erand. Toward the northwest I saw lightning and dark storm clouds at least 10 miles distance. Overhead the sky was filled with heavy cumulus and darkness was approaching. 

In the sky from the northwest a bright light caught my eye. The light was very similar in brightness to an airplane landing light except this light was orange in color. The light was approximatley 1 to 3 miles away and flying at an altitude of 1000 feet toward my house. I watched trying to make some sense of it, as it got closer the light appeared to be a fire ball flying at about the same speed of a landing jet plane except with no noise. As the light approached overhead it looked very much like an aircraft on fire except I saw no wings, running lights, or tail and there was still no sound. The fire light appeared to be at the nose of a partialy revealed structure. I called for my wife Joanne to come outside and serve as a witness, it took several seconds for her to join and me and by this time the fire was out revealing only a dark object flying almost vertical now and gaining altitude fast it became nothing but a black dot against an open break in the clouds overhead. It leveled off in a east direction and disappeared over a cloud. All this happened without a sound.

Northeast Philadelphia airport is about 5 miles south of my house. I can see aircraft flying to and from the airport from the back yard and sometimes they fly over the house at low altitudes. I've had aircraft landing lights shining in my front window. I have lived here since 1971, I worked 12 years for a small aerospce company, been to countless air shows and spent 4 years in Air Force security of aircraft of all types. I never witnessed anything similar to this event in the past.

In closing I think I should mention I told this story to my neighbor across the street and he had his own story about seeing a UFO flying over Levittown Pa in January of this year.

Sam Breustedt
7/31/09
