{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488148","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71502","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4311,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/148/mufon-5488148.json","updb_database_id":5488148}
{cak} Large, black, hovering rectangular object in the sky.

This incident took place in the fall of 1996. I don't know the exact date, but I remember the harvest moon was in the sky. I was 19 years old at the time. 
At around 2:30 in the morning a friend called and invited me out to his house. We worked together on evening shift so it was a normal time for us to get together. I lived in a small town called Williamstown at the time, and he lived in a town called Waverly, about ten miles away across a sparsely populated state route. This State Route, 31, has a break in it where Route 2 intersects with it. In order to get to my friends house, I had to drive to the end of the first section of 31, turn onto route 2, and after about 20-30 feet, take a left and continue on the other side of route 31.
It was at this intersection that the sighting took place. 

At around 3 a.m., I arrived at the stop sign at the intersection of route 31 and route 2. I pulled onto route 2, and into the turning lane to continue on to the second half of route 31. When I slowed in the short turning lane, directly ahead of me about 100 ft away, and around 20 degrees in the sky, was a very large, black, rectangular object. I brought my car to a stop, and rolled down my window, to get a clear look as my windshield was dirty. There were no lights on this object, and it generated no sound that I could hear at my proximity. It was illuminated only slightly by a few streetlights on the street below and the bright harvest moon. This gave me a very vague outline of the object. It was completely motionless. The body of the object was totally black, besides the outline of the thing, the only way I could discern its mass was its obstruction of the stars behind it. I observed it in this state for approximately 30 seconds, before what I can only describe as a green ball of fire ejected from the western side of the object, which rapidly descended in a diagonal path into the wooded area on the opposite side of route 2, a few hundred feet behind a small trailer park. 

Unfortunately at this point I became extremely frightened and drove as fast as I could to my friend's house. I ran to his door and immediately told him what I had just seen. He said that he has seen dancing lights in the area once before and demanded I show him where it was. I agreed reluctantly, and we took his car to the location. The object was gone, the time between my exit from the area and our return was approximately ten minutes. 
We drove around the area, which consists mostly of gravel country roads, thick wooded areas, and small valleys for the next hour or so. About 10-20 minutes after we began our search on these roads, the sky became busy with helicopter and small airplane activity. We saw nothing else of note that night, and I have never encountered anything like this again.
There is both a local national guard and a small commercial airport located on route 31, about 5 miles away from where the incident occurred.
I have never been able to explain this occurrence, my father, who worked at the national guard at the time, told me it was most likely night maneuvers, and a helicopter from the base had simply fired a flare. 

However, i cannot accept that explanation, because the object was clearly not a helicopter. I have never reported this incident other than to my parents at the time, and some of my friends. The reason I finally reported it was because I came across the story of the Phoenix Lights, and some of the details reminded me of my encounter, and I hoped to see if anyone else in the area might have seen it as well, as there were no other cars on the road at the time but there was some sparse housing.
