{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521190","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35083","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2867,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/190/mufon-5521190.json","updb_database_id":5521190}
Witnessed by two people

January 1, 2012. My husband and I went out to dinner to Market City Cafe in Burbank, CA. Our car was parked at a public parking lot which is located on the corner of San Fernando Road and Alameda. While walking back towards the parking lot, my husband noticed something. Not sure at this point of what he was looking at me called my attention to it. His words: "Hey honey, look what is that?" So I looked up and at first I could not really focus on what he was looking at. I asked what am I looking at? He said look, pointing to the sky, there are two things flying. When I finally was able to focus at the direction he was point too, I notice something moving quiet fast. My husband said, there are two of them. At this point I am trying to keep my eyes on this "thing" which was moving so fast I could keep up. I told him, I only see one. My husband said, he saw two at first. We are now both trying to keep up with the speed of this object. January 1st, was a clear day. The sun was bright and there were no clouds. One thing that was very clear was the speed, at times it would just disappear by accesding into the clouds. Then it reapear and continue moving very fast. We noticed that at all times it was reflecting the sun light. It seem to have metalic shine to it. Again it would disappear and then become visible. At one point we noticed that it was just stationary. We made this accessment because we had a point of reference. A black window building on the otherside, maybe a couple of blocks futher down. It just seem to howver and then it just vanished. We kept looking for it, as you would do when you are following the path of an airplane as it passes by. My husband said that when he first noticed it, what caught his attention was the helicopter that was flying by and then noticing two objects that were higher than the helicopter. My husband explained to me that when he first notice the object/s, it seem like out of one it became two, and then they went their separe ways. I only saw one. This object paths was heading towards the Glendale mountains, as if were flying towards "Cast Away Restaurant." Finally we just lost all sight of it. We are not sure what it was, but by the defenition of and UFO to us this was just that.
