{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-13 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500190","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58923","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3493,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/190/mufon-5500190.json","updb_database_id":5500190}
{cak} Slow flying, low, silent, see-through triangle.

It was, I believe, the night after the full moon in May. I had a small telescope and I was trying to get some good views of the moon. I also had a night vision monocular, a PVS-14 with a 3x magnifier on a tripod with a video camera attached to it and a set of night vision goggles, PVS-7D (Delta's) around my neck. I usually have the goggles with me if it's a clear night out. There were no clouds that night. I was looking through the goggles and noticed a "plane" coming toward me from the north, heading south. It was relatively low, 5000 feet or a little less. I'm pretty good at estimating distances, I'm a experienced skydiver and long distance shooter. I thought it was a little weird that I wasn't hearing it coming towards me, Doppler effect, so I started recording on the PVS-14. I probably noticed it when it was maybe at a 75* angle. As it was passing over me, I still heard NOTHiNG! No sound what so ever. So I'm trying to look at it through the goggles and record it with the monocular at the same time. As I'm watching it, I notice that as it's passing stars, I could see stars through the craft!!!! I saw stars through the "fuselage" of the craft!!! Later, I confirmed this when I reviewed the video. The craft was in the shape of a triangle. There were two lights at the rear of the vehicle, circular, with a blinking light, also circular, almost between them, it was just a little above the two rear lights. The light in front was shaped like a triangle itself, with a small, round light right behind it. So all together, 5 lights. I have, of course, seen planes through night vision goggles, helicopters, you can hear planes at 5000 feet, you can hear planes at 15,000 feet, 20,000 feet. This thing was low and slow and silent!! Even as it past over me and continued on. I watched for a total of 8 minutes and 30 seconds. When I first noticed it, again at about 75*, so if I saw it sooner, I might have seen it for 13-14 minutes? The last weird thing that I noticed, was that when I took the goggles down for a second to get a barring as to where it was in the sky, I couldn't see any of the lights, not the fixed lights, not the single blinking light. So either all the lights were very dim and the night vision enhanced them like they were made to do, or the lights were infrared, basically naked to the naked eye. It flew out of sight, heading towards the south. 
So to recap: 
1: it was silent.
2: it was very slow moving.
3: the lights were either very dim or infrared.
4: I could see through it!!! Adaptive camouflage??? First time I've seen the real thing.
5: I couldn't see it without night vision goggles.
I will attach a "freeze frame" from the video. If you would like to see the video, please let me know.
