{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-10-10 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464190","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96689","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2417,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/190/mufon-5464190.json","updb_database_id":5464190}
{tjd} Silver disc from underneath with lights on periphery

Heading west in Livonia, Mi. on 5 mile rd. with my 8-9 year old son in front seat. Stopped in left turn lane in intersection to turn south on Merriman rd. While waiting under light, partially in the intersection, I observed a stationary object (silver disc with periphery lighting) directly above the middle of the intersection. Asked my son if he saw it and he confirmed that he did. We watched and wondered aloud for approx. 15-30 seconds until the turn arrow lit green and I was forced to turn southbound on Merriman. As I completed my turn, the object disappeared behind my car. We both thought that was it, but we then saw the object appear again on the East side of Merriman above the treeline. As I proceeded southbound on Merriman the object followed at my speed. My son and I were excited at this point wondering what it was, I decided I would go past my regular turn, which would have been Lyndon road west bound. (Lyndon is a half mile south of 5 mile, and is the only light between 5 mile and I-96 freeway). The traffic light was green so I proceeded south at around 35 MPH. Then about another 200 yards past Lyndon, the object accelerated and abruptly crossed over Merriman at about a 45 deg angle, then another abrupt direction change southbound once it reached the west side of Merriman. At that point it instantly accelerated at a speed that took it out of sight within a couple seconds. We were stunned and were sort of nervously laughing when I gave up the chase and turned right (west) on the I96 service drive, then home. I've always been sorry I didn't report this then, but as I told this story to my co-workers today, it occurred to me that there may be a group out there that could maybe let me know if anyone else reported this back then. Thanks.
