{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-10 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496190","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63219","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2472,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/190/mufon-5496190.json","updb_database_id":5496190}
{nd} Two wobbling, glowing blue lights dancing quickly around a few feet from the ground, then soaring up higher than a human could reach

This event was like nothing else I have ever experienced. I was staying at a secluded farm at the time with my boyfriend and some friends, we were just hanging out and throwing sticks for the dogs, and although it was late it was light out because we were in an elevated mountain area and the stars were bright. At one point I walked over to the side of the property overlooking the wooded valley area, to look at the view of the beautiful mountains in the North. What made me notice the lights was simply the fact that they were there, first one pretty far away although it was hard to tell in the dark. It was bright blue, like the blue of an LED light but dancing around so quickly and spritely that it could never have been human. It looked like it was running around on the air around 100 feet from me, so I couldn't have caught up to it in the wooded area. I had no idea what it was, my mind couldn't think of anything that made sense. Then there was another one, but it could have been the same one,I don't know. I never saw both at once but it felt like it was a different one. They both moved the same but were about 50 feet apart, but both in the wooded area. They hopped and danced around as if someone was swinging a light around but very fast and at all different heights, sometimes faster and sometimes not. I strongly felt like they were something I wish other people saw, and I wanted an explanation for these strange lights. But I couldn't think of anything. I lost sight of the objects because I think I was calling to my friends to come see them and I just lost my attention for a minute, or something else happened that distracted me, I don't remember. Maybe one of the dogs ran into that wooded area and scared them off.
