{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-14 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460190","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101112","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2855,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/190/mufon-5460190.json","updb_database_id":5460190}
{cak} Fire and smoke in the sky above lake June 14th 2017

Between 10 and 10:30PM on June 14th, 2017 my wife and I were watching a movie in the dark and a light lit up our living room. We looked out the window and above the lake was an intense fire in the sky with smoke pluming. It was stationary. We went out on the deck and we watched this thing burn in the middle of the sky above the lake. It made no sound. We looked at it with binoculars and could see the smoke billowing from it. It burned for roughly a 10min period when we saw a smaller green light move toward the fire and in the same path, move away from it. This light was not visible without the binoculars.
About 2min later the fire slowly flickered, but did not descend - we could still see thick smoke
We went back to watching the movie and 20 to 25min later the same thing happened. Large fire and smoke, small green light came in and out, fire went out.
I texted my parents the details of what we were witnessing while we went back inside to watch the movie when 20 to 25min later the exact same sequence of events happened. 
After the third time we were very freaked out and went t bed. I can see the lake out our bedroom window and watched until I fell asleep but saw nothing. A total of 3 times over the span of roughly an hour and a half we saw this thing burn and distinguish, high in the sky, but low enough that it created a reflection on the water, in the middle of the lake.

There are houses on the edge of the lake that I would find hard to believe if they didn't see it as well. 
A friend told me to listen to this local podcast regarding a sighting in a relatively close province and in that episode MUFON was mentioned. I thought it might be helpful to report what we saw. So I dug out my wife's old phone and charged it, as I knew the video was on her phone. I was surprised to see the video was taken pretty well exactly 2yrs ago to the day. I am currently trying o charge my old phone to see if I took any videos as well and I know I took detailed documented notes with exact times. If I get the phone working I can provide more detail if you think it's worth it

Thanks
