{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-24 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503190","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55768","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2688,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/190/mufon-5503190.json","updb_database_id":5503190}
{rjl} A glowing orb, orange red in color, flying at a steady rate and low altitude. Not flying in a known airport traffic pattern. Flying south to north with no sound. It disappeared.

On April 24, 2014 I was at home. I was waiting for my boyfriend to get home from work so I opened the front door. I was watching TV and I noticed out the door a large reddish/orange light coming toward the house. I was very interested because it was flying fairly low for a commercial plane or even a private plane. But the light was pretty big. It was not the lights of an aircraft. The other thing that got my attention was the fact that it was not flying on a normal airport traffic pattern. It was coming straight and low so I went to the front door and opened it. There was no sound. I think it was about 1000 to 2000 feet above me. I decided to go out the back door instead since it was about to go over the house. I thought when I went out I would here the sound as it caught up. I expected it to be a helicopter. It was not. It was a round orb of light. I didn't see any other part of a craft. It was only the glowing orb. It was silent. It was very quiet outside at 11pm and the weather was pleasant at about 60 degrees. Nothing was blocking my view. The object continued at the same course and speed and altitude. I kept watching it until it was about a half mile away and then it disappeared. I was very surprised. My first reaction was that it must have been a drone but the light was so large. I also thought it was a weather balloon because that's the best description of the object, a weather balloon with a red/orange light inside but I dismissed that because I don't think they move in that fashion. When the object disappeared I also thought that whoever was flying the thing just turned the light off. I was curious but alone so I posted online that I think I just saw a UFO. I was reminded that an article was written two tears ago about several people in Charlotte experiencing the exact same thing. I only saw one orb. The light seemed brighter coming toward me than going away from me.
