{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498190","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61058","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3090,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/190/mufon-5498190.json","updb_database_id":5498190}
{dr}It was late and I was ready to enter house when i noticed a movement toward the eastern sky. It was huge, a circular object that glowed with a pale bluish light. It appeared to be inside a huge cloud going in a circular path staying inside the cloud.

I was just coming home and it was around 1230 am Sunday when I often look up at the night sky to notice the stars. I live in the country with no night lights so it looks awesome many nights but that night it was partly cloudy. I continued up to my house being tired and ready to call it the night when something caught my eye off to the east. It was a huge sphere that glowed a pale light bluish color that seemed to just follow a circular track within what appeared to be the largest cloud in the night sky. Over and over it followed the same path and seemed to stay within the cloud which moved ever so slowly toward a north west movement. After 15 minutes of observing this event which was rather kind of boring, I noticed a plane coming across from the southeast heading right towards it. I watched with excitement to see if either object would change direction but the plane simply continued on its northeast path and did not come close to the cloud. The object within the cloud just kept its normal path within the cloud following a circular path but I did notice a bright light following the bluish object that would suddenly appear and disappear. This would be followed by a small part of the sky around the cloud lighting up resembling heat lighting from a distance. It never did anything different so after watching it for about half an hour I went inside to get ready for bed still wandering what I saw. It was not your classical ufo sighting where you see a bright object moving fast and changing directions so I did not take any pictures of it. I do remember at first thinking it was someone aiming a very powerful spotlight toward the cloud but I quickly dismissed that because there was no beam going up to it. Also the plane that passed near it had to be at a very high altitude and was still under the cloud as it passed by. This object compared to just a small dot of light from the plane was much larger in size. I would say it was 1000 times larger than the plane. I now wish I would have taken a video of it or snapped a few pictures. I was always jealous of my brother because he was the first to see a ufo, for me this was my first. I know I could not have been the only one to see it. It was a beautiful warm evening in Ohio.
