{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-10-11 06:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491190","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68380","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2650,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/190/mufon-5491190.json","updb_database_id":5491190}
Hovering UFO

I arrived at work and clocked on early to start my shift , It was around 6:30 am in mid October 1992. I was fully awake and was not sleepy or tired. 
I walked with a colleague across the front of the loading bays ( for chilled food distribution) , as we reached the far side (7 loading bays widthways away) , we both turned to walk down the side of the building to go to the canteen for a coffee before work.

Something compelled me to look to the left, I saw an elongated cigar shaped object hovering above the 2 storey office building , the object appeared to hum and I could feel vibrations from it in the air. The object in more detail was around 50 to 80 feet away and appeared to be around 2- 300 feet in length and around 2 storeys high maybe more. There appeared to me a mist on the top of the object and I can remember making out that the top was not flat and had what looked like aeriels on top of the whole length but very short and uniform . The colour of the object was dark grey like unpolished steel , although the objects on the top were a kind of gold yellow colour.There seemed to be movement in a couple of the windows but nothing I could make out in detail.
I do not remember any lights on the object at all , along half of the length of the object appeared to be round and some rectangular windows like portholes , these were of a darker colour than the main body. The bottom of the object was slightly curved at the ends and almost horizontal along the length

My colleague stood staring with me for about 2 -3 minutes , he said "they're here" . I then got cold shivers and we both ran down the side of the building at full speed to the canteen. We both asked each other did that really just happen? We decided not to speak about it again for fear of ridicule.

I cannot explain this object but i can confirm this was not a weather balloon , nor was it any aircraft I was aware of at the time or now.
I'm not aware of anyone else seeing this either. 

Should you wish to clarify any info I have given I am happy to do so.
