{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-05-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495190","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64254","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2949,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/190/mufon-5495190.json","updb_database_id":5495190}
{rjl} ascended bright light accelerated over barn

My friend works with a person who has an awesome telescope and we were going to look at Venus because it was the right alignment. His friend owns a Christmas tree farm so it was prime opportunity with no city lights. We were in the back yard about 40 feet from a barn that was roughly 40 feet tall . Looking straight up with his telescope taking turns . About 100 feet in front of us were hundreds of pine trees . We were taking turns sitting one the picnic table listening to the owner of the telescope talk astronomy, waiting for our next chance to see the planet. I myself asked what the star was on the horizon over the trees (I think it became brighter and actually caught my attention). Then as they switched and his friend adjusted I noticed the light was slowly moving to the right. 
    His friend's brilliant analysis was it was a plane coming directly at us and it just looks like it was moving slowly and hovering. Great hes a smart guy, but I didn't take my eyes off of it. As I was in mid sentence telling them to look it was no longer on the horizon it was right over the trees 100feet away from us moving about 5 miles an hour straight for the barn. It crossed the yard and went feet above the barn and continued by the house and out towards the road. While this was all happening they were both asking what it was as I was for whatever reason was going side by side with it saying I was leaving. The illumination was baffling it was so bright it was hard to look at but it didn't illuminate anything at all except itself. It didn't shine on the barn or the house, us , the trees. NOTHING. 
  The other mind boggling thing was how it got to us I didn't take my eyes off of it. Neither did my friend and it DID NOT accelerate there were no tracers it didn't just get bigger . It was absolutely baffling . Right after the object left sight we left. My friend and I said we don't really remember saying goodbye to his friend, and we didn't even talk about it on the ride home. The next day we talked about it for hours. We were asking what time it was and what time we left and neither one of us could really even remember. We asked each other seriously did we get abducted but we don't know. The appearance of the object over the resection the horizon and the illumination was a little unnerving.
