{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-10 23:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520190","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36403","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2722,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/190/mufon-5520190.json","updb_database_id":5520190}
Apparent exchange between two crafts

I was in my backyard just before midnight talking with my 20 year old daughter. I was facing northwest and my daughter was facing east, as we were talking, I noticed out of the corner of my left eye what appeared to be a "shooting star" traveling south to north on a relatively short trajectory, as I turned westward towards the "shooting star" another longer "shooting star" traveling from north to south on a much longer trajectory flashed across the western sky. I remarked to my daughter as to what I just saw, she turned around to face west, this is when we both witnessed two rather large green beams or lights travelling on a slight arc appear due west travelling from south to north, immediately followed by three large green beams or lights travelling at a slight arc as well from north to south . This appeared to be an exchange between two spacecraft as the first set of green beams were slightly south of due west and the second set was slightly north of due west but appeared to be at the same elevation . We were unable to see an outline of any spacecraft due to street lighting and traffic, however the light/beams that we saw were brilliant green and appeared rather large considering the distance they appeared to be. We continued to watch that portion of the sky for several minutes and got my cellphone ready to record however the event ended as suddenly as it began. There is no possible terrestrial aircraft or satellite or reflections that could have caused this phenomenon. I spent 11 years in the Navy and have traveled many places. I have been stationed at Navy airfields and have been exposed to many different types of aircraft. This is by far the most bizarre event that I have ever witnessed.

Back in December at Christmas we witnessed an odd red and blue object moving erratically in the northwest Phoenix sky for several minutes and recorded it. Other people have posted that incident on YouTube since then and on different dates in different parts of the Phoenix sky and I did not feel as strongly about that event as I do this one. This was truly shocking.
