Date                    Date
  Case No.:             2267                      29-07-2026                        30-07-2026
                                    Report:                    Resolution:
Location: Santiago   Region: Metropolitana   Classification: Resolved

He reported what he considered an aerial anomaly, photographed at 18:22 hours.
On July 26, 2026, from Los Reyes Park, Santiago commune, Metropolitan Region.
Summary:
The reported information described a white amorphous object, from which no size or type of movement was discerned, as it was observed while reviewing images taken with a cloudy sky, and it was indicated to be heading east.

The user then testified (sic): "My wife was walking, took a picture of the place, then we realized these lights were above the clouds."
Along with the report, the file "WhatsApp Image 2026-07-29 at 09.42.33.jpeg" (Figure 1) was entered.

Investigation:

Figure 1

Although the expertise of the metadata information of the photograph associated with the case confirmed that it is an image processed by WhatsApp servers, due to the nature of the report and the absence of any aeronautical significance in the date and location of the sighting, the case study was continued.
it renamed it as 2267-A and its technical details are those of Figure 2.

                     Figure 2. Complete metadata of the case photo.

Based on what is visible and the geographical context, a location was georeferenced
study for the chamber (Figures 3 and 4).

Figure 3

Figure 4

Figure 5
As shown in Figure 5, the geometric analysis of the photograph revealed that
The observations made were parasitic reflections or flares that occurred when photographing a landscape scene with lights. These optical aberrations only occurred inside the camera, which was consistent with the user's report of "taking a picture of the site, then realizing these lights were above the clouds."

According to the analysis of the testimony and the results of geographical studies,
Forensic and photographic analysis concluded that what was reported were parasitic reflections or flares, caused by photographing facing directly at lighting fixtures. Therefore, the report was restricted to the camera used and did not involve any situation that posed a risk to air operations.
