Date: 02/15/2026 - 02/20/2026

Case No.: 2214

Report: An abnormal aerial phenomenon
Resolution: Closed

Location: Parral
Region: Maule
Classification: Closed

He reported what he considered an aerial anomaly seen at 21:17 hours on February 09, 2010, from a sector near Villa Baviera, commune of Parral, Region of Maule.
Summary:

The reported sighting was described as a "3 mts sphere" that resembled a "type led light focus." It was stated that this was seen directly for "1 hour" on a clear sky, always to the east, by three witnesses, and that it "descended and suspended."

Testimony stated: "While fishing in the river with my wife, my son, and my cousin, I saw a round light upstream. My wife, bored, started to turn on a camera."
With a flash that illuminated upon turning on, the light quickly lowered to the height of the trees, allowing one to see the tips of the trees rapidly, and it landed on us at approximately 20 meters in height. It would turn on and off, resembling the light that my lady had turned on; it was a sphere, and there was no noise. It was above us. We fled the location very frightened. This occurred repeatedly over several years, as my cousin also witnessed it.
"It was present on 3 occasions. Maybe not taking pictures since we were very scared and exposed."

"No audiovisual files were entered with the report."

"In emails on February 15th and 16th, 2026, the user was asked to specify the location of their sighting. Their response is shown in Figure 1:"

Investigation:

Figure 1
As a result of which its location was georeferenced, this place located on the banks of the Perquilauquén river, on the border of the Maule and Ñuble Regions (Figure 2).
Figure 2

In an email dated February 18, it was asked if there were any images to study the reported information. There aren't any:
Figure 3
Due to the lack of images to study, the case was closed according to numeral 2d (Only cases reporting original images, audio or videos will be investigated) of the Technical Instruction on Procedure, Investigation Times, Reception, Executive Report Preparation and SEFAA Report Archiving. The case was classified as a "Relato" (Report).
