{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-10 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455254","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106358","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3144,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/254/mufon-5455254.json","updb_database_id":5455254}
{rjl} I observed something very strange on evening of June 10, 2016 at approximately 9:10pm EST from Ormond Beach, FL 32176.

I observed something very strange on evening of June 10, 2016 at approximately 9:10pm EST from Ormond Beach, FL 32176. I was outside in my side yard looking West when from my left (South) I observed what appeared to be a fireball entering from high in the South. It traveled North North West. It was approximately 3 times brighter than Jupiter (which was up), but much larger, and very bright white yellow orange red and initially had a slight tail pointing South. I instantly thought fireball, but the object was slowing down, so I instantly thought this object was space junk. This object was "dropping-ejecting” what appeared to be material two times on its trajectory before the object slowed to a complete static stop. I was baffled to say the least. The object became and remained stationary as it again ejected the bright material momentarily. The flight time was far too long of a time for any fireball or space junk, which I've witnessed countless times. I observed this object stationary for approximately 2 minutes in absolute amazement. Total sighting time from when it appeared to enter atmosphere to when it became stationary was about 2 minutes. Again - far too long for a fireball or space junk. I had my iPhone in my hand and shot one still photo of the object prior to it coming to a complete stop and I shot video as well. All you can see is a small dot due to iPhone camera not suited for shooting in dark. It also showed up on the video. While observing the object stationary for approximately 2 minutes I decided to take a chance a run in the house a grab a real camera, which only took less than 2 minutes to retrieve, when I went back outside it was gone and I have no idea what happened to it. Also visible were commercial jetliners in the sky in the same general area of the sky. This was neither a fireball or space junk - they don't slow down and come to a complete stop in the sky as this object did. It was not the Moon, which was up and in different part of the sky. It was not Jupiter, which was up and in a different part of the sky. It was not Mars, which was up and in a different part of the sky. It was not a satellite. It was not the ISS. I'm hoping that others observed this object and will make reports.
Here's link to what I saw.

[You Tube link moved/cms/rjl]
