{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-10-12 01:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465254","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95529","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2410,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/254/mufon-5465254.json","updb_database_id":5465254}
{tjd} A large craft and smaller triangle crafts interacting

OCTOBER 12, 2018 - 1:45 a.m.

Very clear night, sky full of stars- normally never such high visibility. I was watching regular air traffic fly in and out of MCO located just southeast of the city. I live on the 20th floor of a high-rise overlooking Lake Eola to the east. 

A light appeared from high in the sky, not a point source like that resembles a star, this was almost an omni light source and it was a hazy white blue in color. The blur of light quickly sped across the entire horizon in a matter of 7-10 seconds. It had to be traveling thousands of miles an hour. At first, I thought it might be a shooting star, but it moved with intelligence banking and changing direction as if it were piloted. 

As it disappeared from view, I returned my gaze to the area where it originated now to see a gigantic craft high in the atmosphere. This shape appeared to be an extruded triangle in shape with seven points of light on all its sides and a dim red light at its corners. The shape maneuvered briefly in the sky as so I could tell it was a dimensional object and not a field of lights or flares. This shape slowly dissipated into the sky within a matter of seconds, it had completely disappeared. 

I ran inside to grab my iphone to document anything further. Upon returning, I looked up directly above my building to see a black triangle zooming by overhead. This craft was close enough that I could see its whole shape as it rotated and spun with dull lights on each edge of the craft. The object then banked towards where the larger ship was earlier, and to my astonishment- it reappeared for a matter of seconds as this smaller craft flew in its direction. But again within a matter of seconds, everything seemed to slowly shift away into nothing.
