{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-19 15:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501254","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57809","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3503,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/254/mufon-5501254.json","updb_database_id":5501254}
UFO Appears in Manipur, India! - Main Faints While Taking Video

IMPHAL, June 19 1 Believe it or not, mystery shrouded Ngankha Lawai village in Manipur1s Bishnupur district, 35 kms south of here after a young farmer fainted and was hospitalized following an encounter with an Unidentified Flying Object (UFO).

The mysterious incident occurred when the 31-year-old farmer [Name removed/cms/tg] was taking video of a fish farm near his house using his mobile phone on June 15 around 3.11 PM.

1Suddenly, I captured mashak khangdaba potsak ama (UFO) in the sky,1 the farmer said. 1I fainted for a few seconds after a small round black object sped towards me.1

Showing the video image of the UFO captured in his mobile phone, "K" claimed he felt an electric shock when it came towards him. He returned home after few moments of unconsciousness.

The family took him to the nearby district hospital due to deterioration of his health, and later referred to RIMS hospital in Imphal the following day.

But he was discharged from the hospital the same evening after receiving treatment, as there was no symptom of any illness. However, "K" said he has not fully recovered.

A similar mystery shrouded Leikai Village under Imphal West district in the early part of last year when the villagers saw a bluish icy mass, weighing around five kilograms which fell on the tin-roofed kitchen of one Sougrakpam Jugeshwar of the locality with a sudden bang from the sky.

Lok Sabha MP Dr. Thokchom Meinya, who is also an astronomer, reacting to the descriptions given by the onlookers, had opined that the mass might have been accidentally ejected from the support system of a rocket or a space craft.

This is the startling footage of an unidentified flying object, filmed by a fish farmer in Manipur. After filming for 19 seconds, the man experienced loss of consciousness.

According to his family, he was in a semi-unconscious state of over 18 hours after he sighted the UFO in his fish farm, located at Ngangkha Lawai, Moirang near Loktak Lake.

The Doctor's diagnosis read 'loss of consciousness, showing signs of weakness with non-responsive motor response.'

Puzzled at his claim of being hit by a UFO shockwave, he was discharged after placing him under few hours of observation.

However "K" still complains of weakness and exhaustion after his 'encounter' with the UFO
