{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-13 02:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490254","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69338","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2644,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/254/mufon-5490254.json","updb_database_id":5490254}
{cak} Three UFO in battle, Started between 2 then joined by a 3rd. one destroyed

I went out at 2 am eastern time to view meteor shower. Right away two star like objects flashing different colored lights ranging from blue to red orange got my attention. They were circling around each other at a high rate of speed. Their thrusters or whatever propulsion they use would flash bright each time they would accelerate. They would move away from each other in random directions in a straight line then change direction instantly and head towards each other as if on a collision course. They would fire some sort of weapon or discharge at each other as they circled each other. Then shoot in straight line away from each other and repeat process. Never going in same direction each time. After about 30 minutes of this a third object came from due north to their position. At that time two of them would chase the other and would fire what I would describe as weapons at it. The weapon would strike the other UFO occasionally causing a bright white to reddish flash. After another 30 minutes of them doing battle one UFO looked as though it exploded causing what I would describe as a blast with all color spectrum's. At that time only two lights remained visible and circled each other for another 20 minutes and move around as if they was searching for something. My wife arrived from work at 3:25 am. At that time I took her out and pointed the two moving objects to her. She could see the flashes when they would accelerate but due to her poor vision they were not visible to her in movement as they were to me as I have perfect vision with my glasses. When I first began witnessing the event I made sure it was not lens flare or reflection caused by my glasses by blocking out any light sources and changing viewing angle.I truly believe I witnessed an alien battle with the death and destruction of one species occupying the destroyed UFO. 
Also I witnessed that when they would pass between earth and stars they would block out the star for split second.
