{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-01-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548254","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"11530","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3708,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/254/mufon-5548254.json","updb_database_id":5548254}
same thing shown on LKL video from stephensville texas

the below is a copy of an e mail I sent to a friend on 01/09/2008 of this year while it was fresh on my mind. several days later the reports from stephensville texas started trickling out. sometime later we seen the video on LARRY KING...it was the same thing we seen only our reports were buried by texas...call me? "I was in the front yard feeding my dogs and it was early evening probably 7:15 pm and the stars had enough time to really start shining. The night was crystal clear and the stars were thick. As I scanned the universe and took the time to admire each cluster before moving on to the next Airplanes flying overhead and at a distance like a long train every couple of minutes (we live under a hartsfield international flight path) their lights gently blinking as they made their way, They paled in comparison to the pinpoint radiant lights of the stars. Even took in and wished on two shooting stars. It was very serene, very peaceful. I was scanning east to west and as I hit the tree top horizon I noticed a glowing, light pulsating, large cloud. It was obviously in outer space, there was a plane flying in front of it and the plane looked so tiny in comparison. Then it moved...quickly. Almost like it was falling towards the earth. The first thing I thought of was that comet you wrote of recently. But this thing moved and behaved like nothing I ever seen before, the lights were multicolored almost like flashers on the airplane just much brighter and methodical, and it was so big. Too big to be a plane, to high to be a chopper. I called several friends and neighbors through out south central Ga spanning a radius of 100 miles in every direction and requested they all go outside and look west, They all seen it and were as stumped as I as too what it was. Imagine the excitement of a real live UFO? Finally I looked up 13wmaz.com in the yellow pages and called the first three of 4 phone# s and nobody answered until I tried the last number, I simply said "go outside and look west" They replied they were looking at it and had the entire evening staff out there trying to figure out what it was. Initially they were confident it was "the comet" but would check with Ben Jones station meteorologist and let us know the official conclusion. We had all kind of comet theories the next day and questions to go along, still do. The next evening Ben Jones while doing the 6:00 o'clock weather responded to the flood of inquiries the night before and stated he spoke with somebody who told him what we all seen was a rocket dumping fuel.
Why does a rocket have enough fuel to dump after he gets into space and would it not make more sense to only take enough fuel to get into space? That is only one of many questions. The TV station has made no more mention in any other newscast or on line forum about the UFO. I do believe it was some kind of Man made craft, Just have not ever seen anything that large, visible and behave like that...Anyway just wanted to share that with you, I felt it ironic considering we were Discussing UFOS."
