{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282044","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121427","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5165,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/044/mufon-5282044.json","updb_database_id":5282044}
My life with aliens

Since childhood, I often have dreams involving aliens, UFOs, their ships, etc.
Of course, I don’t remember everything, but there are some that I remember very well, and now, 16 years later, I remember them very well.
1..Sleep, I was 11-12 years old, it was 2005-2006. One night, I didn’t sleep well, I couldn’t fall asleep in any way, and it seemed like I fell asleep later, and either in reality, or in a dream, I saw strange creatures in my room. And that after that incident, for no reason, I became interested in UFOs, ufology. I was interested somewhere until 2009, and then I went into religion.
But the most interesting thing began in 2015 when I moved from Sochi to Krasnodar. This happened at the beginning of 2016, I had the same dream that I had back in 2006, with the same strange creatures. In the morning, I was already surprised, since I had not even approached the topic of UFOs since 2009, and here it is again, and after this dream I again became interested in UFOs.
2. The dream happened somewhere in March 2016. I woke up abruptly during the night and immediately went to bed. And almost immediately I refuse to board the ship and I see their aliens, how they leaned towards me, right next to me, very close, and how one of them was creeping up on me. When I woke up in the morning, I was in such a shock, then autumn came to its senses for a long time.
Further more interesting. Around April-May 2016, I again took off aliens, I was again on the ship, they did something, I remember vaguely, but then I didn’t have my period from May to September. And closer to winter, I have a dream that a girl of 3 years old comes up to me and says, you know me, I don’t, and she tells me: I’m your daughter.
Further .. a year later already in 2017. I don't remember where I was on June 29th. And at night I have a dream about how aliens take me to their place and the main gray one tells me - you are ready, my dear, I love you, and then it was like that .. when I woke up in the morning how bad it was for me. Everything hurt, legs, arms, and especially the lower abdomen, and again for 2.5 months there was no menstruation. And in the fall I have a dream. I'm on their ship and then a boy of 10 years old comes up and another 2 years old, and the one that is smaller, in principle, I understood who he was to me.
And I have a lot of such dreams, which I don’t remember anymore. But I always know on an intuitive level before or after, if I don’t remember sleep, yes they were. I also have an ambiguous relationship with them, I love them and also hate them.
The strangest thing is how many not these dreams, but what. I don’t know what it is, and in Russia it’s hard to say that, there are no specialists in the field of regressive hypnosis. And not finding answers, I decided to just leave ufology and just not pay attention to their visits.
But here's the problem. As an example, I decided that everything is enough for me, these aliens got it, I will leave this topic, because they are already enraged. Yeah how. Somehow my parents and I went for a walk around the city (in the city of Sochi) to the park and at the end of the park I see - a museum of aliens. Yes, what is it. Well, of course I pass by, but never. I met the director of this museum, I even made an exhibit for him. Well, I will return to Krasnodar, I think I will definitely leave ufology now, yeah, of course, it turned out that ufologists were looking for me, okay. Yes, they came to Krasnodar, I talked with them. Then. I decided to return to religion. It seems that these did not dream so often, or I stopped remembering. But I didn’t have fun for long in 2020, they answered me on a comment in 2015, when I told half of my dreams in one group of ufology. Of course, I'm in shock, because the pancake is coming back again. And yes, I am back to this day.
I don’t know what it is, I have never undergone regressive hypnosis, it’s very difficult to do this in Russia, and the fact that ufologists were looking for me is generally an isolated case, unfortunately in Russia they don’t work with this as hard as in the West. And contacting a psychotherapist here in Russia is fraught, so you can go to a mental hospital .. that's why I am writing here to your site.
I really want to figure out what's going on. Is this true or am I going crazy. I am not eager to be a contactee, I just want to understand and understand, as this has been going on through my whole life since childhood. They me or I have already experienced a lot with them.
