{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-04-18 09:07:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469044","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91503","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2675,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/044/mufon-5469044.json","updb_database_id":5469044}
It looked like a star but it was flashing different colours and it started going up and then stopped and stayed there.

I was in my room reading and I heard airplane noises so I looked outside my window and saw this weird glowing thing hovering in the sky. At first I thought it was a star or a airplane but then it started going straight up and stoped. It stayed at the same spot for a long time and continued flashing colours. I don1t think it1s a airplane because airplanes can1t go straight up and stay at the same spot for so long. I also don1t think it was a star because stars don1t move. It was around 9 PM so I couldn1t see the shape. If it was a normal day I probably wouldn1t have thought it was a UFO but earlier I saw something saying that some weird stuff might happen on April 18th. When I saw it move I told my mom to have a look, At first she also thought it was a airplane or star but then she was also unsure of what that thing was. So I continued to watch it and then I saw a some weird lights in the distance. I noticed that the second pair of lights looked round and was slowly moving up at sideways. The second object had a red outline and in the middle had white lites shining form left to right, It made noises similar to a plane and flew over my house. Honestly I have no idea what the second object was it might have been a helicopter but the lights were shining really weird. The first object is still in the air and dosen1t seem to be moving, it has been at that spot for a long time now. A third object appeared, It1s a dot of flashing white light that1s coming down from the sky and soon disappears, I don1t know what it is it could be a plane. When I open the windows at first I hear a weird sound like a frog and then I hear something like a engine, I1m not sure if it is caused by the UFO. It doesn1t seem to move so I decided to give up and do something else. I did take some pictures but it was really dark and hard to see.
