{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-06-01 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487044","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72635","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3957,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/044/mufon-5487044.json","updb_database_id":5487044}
{cak} Object moved from south in zig zag pattern, came to a stop. Moved 70 degrees across sky in less than 2 seconds and was gone from sight.

Some time in 1995 my girlfriend and I got into my car, which was parked in front of my parents house. The car was facing south, and there was a clear view of the sky facing the direction. There are trees that line the east and west sides of the street, but the view is unobstructed to the south. It was very dark on the street with no street lights present. My girlfriend turned on the interior light to pull a CD out of the case, and as I was waiting I noticed a bright light coming over the trees at the end of the road, which were a little less than a quarter mile to the south. As I was watching the light, it changed from moving in a straight path to a zig zag. It wasn't moving very fast and I thought it was a helicopter. What first really piqued my interest was the abruptness that the object made each change of direction as it zig sagged. It didn't make a sort of circular arc as you'd expect a helicopter to make as it changed direction, they were very sudden movements from NE to NW and back again. At this point I told my girlfriend to look at the object. She agreed that it was unusual. When the object was about 45 to 50 in viewing angle to the south, it stopped all movement. I couldn't see any shape or even determine how high or far away it was, just that the light it was giving off was much brighter than any of the stars or planets viewable that night. The object remained stationary for about one minute, and then began moving at the same speed as before. It travelled 20 degrees to the WNW and stopped again. It remained stationary for about 20 seconds and took off from that position at a speed that literally took my breath away. It covered about 50 degrees of sky in about 1 second and my view was obstructed by trees and my parent's house.
There were two navy bases within 15 miles of my parent's house, and I grew up seeing military aircraft on a daily basis. Nothing I have ever seen moved with the speed that this object did at the end of my observation. The object appeared to be at a fairly high elevation for the duration that I viewed it, but even if it were 1000 ft high, the speed that it moved at the end would have been incredible. The point being that words really don't properly convey how absolutely amazing watching this object move across the sky was.
 I should also say that I am a staunch skeptic of all things paranormal, and if I hadn't seen this myself I'm not sure that I would've believed someone if they described this event with no real corroborating evidence besides a second witness, but I know what I saw and it changed me in some way. I don't think that the technology to make a craft, or whatever it was, accelerate from a stop to those speeds will be available in our lifetime. But suspending disbelief and assuming it was possible, I know without a doubt that a human being inside of it would have no chance whatsoever of surviving that type of acceleration.
 Thank you for taking the time to evaluate this experience that I had. Also, I didn't include my girlfriend's reactions to this event because I didn't want to speak for her, but suffice it to say she was as astonished by what we witnessed as much as I was. 

Thank you again,
[Name removed/cms/tg]
