{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-07-07 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486044","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73675","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4080,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/044/mufon-5486044.json","updb_database_id":5486044}
3 different sightings over a 1 to 2 week time span. The first a very up close black triangle with 3 lights in the corners got as close as 50 feet or less. The other 2 lava or fire looking orbs red in colour just above the tree line.

I remember the weather being a clear hot summer night in July 1992 it was a Tuesday night about 9:00pm. I was at a friends place. He lived on the top floor, floor 16 of an apartment building facing south west towards the lake. We noticed the passenger jets over the lake from time to time circling to land at the airport. We noticed one light out over the lake that seem to not be moving at all for a long length of time. It looked like one bright white yellowish light. After some time that same light while staying in position turned into 3 lights in the shape of a triangle. The triangle looked dark black with 1 light at each corner that had a dull but bright white yellowish light. South of the apartment building by the lake there used to be a large coal burning power plant. The triangle eventually started moving with no sound following the power lines to and around the station. It disappeared after 10 to 15 minutes of following directly above the lines. Minutes later the triangle re appeared 50 foot or less ascending from below us on the 16th floor slowly then it stopped in front of my friend and I. It made no sound, there was no wind. It almost seemed like everything around us stopped at the time. I remember my friend took a few steps forward and put his hand out as if to try and touch it. I remember yelling no don't and that point the triangle let off a very intense bright blinding light. We both screamed in fear and ducked down to the ground in a ball like position. After getting up and realizing it was gone we ran inside. Both his parents were home at the time inside. We were both panicked. We briefly told his parents what happened. They never saw any light or even heard us scream I remember them saying. 
Years went by my friend never spoke about it again until last year after his father passed away. He looked at me and recounted what we saw. He said it still scares him so he doesn't talk about it to anyone. My self on the other hand felt the urge to tell people from time to time.
some friends and parents about what i had seen. Of course I don't know what I saw most people just think your crazy or a liar. But I know what I had seen. I still remember like it was yesterday 

A few days after this event took place. I was riding my bicycle home from a friends house down the street from where I lived. I looked up it was about 10:30 pm clear night also. And I saw a red orb looking object following me down the street just above the tree line. It looked like lava or fire but it was round smaller in size maybe the size or a small car or a large beach ball maybe and it made no sound at all. I kept pedaling as fast as I could to get home. I told my parents also about what I had seen. My self at the time only being 12 years old. A week later floating over the trees near the time of sun set I noticed the same looking orb floating over the tree line over our house and street. I yelled for my parents to come see it. As soon as my dad came out to see the object it quickly moved away from us quickly to the west and disappeared behind the tree line. My dad saw it moving away he said to me. He couldn't tell what it was. He only saw it for a second or 2. Once again this orb made no sound.

Thanks for your time.
