{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-09-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508044","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50464","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3636,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/044/mufon-5508044.json","updb_database_id":5508044}
Much more than a ufo event.

So unbelievable its hard to tell people. September 2009. This entity made contact with me and i quickly came to realize that it had the ability to control everything it is like a inter-dimensional web spread throughout the whole universe. It controls everything, the wind/weather and even peoples own movements and thoughts. It tried/did bring me into the illuminati. This entity controls and runs the illuminati. It literally talks to me everyday even up till now 4 years later. It gives me the best sensations you could ever imagine; massages my whole body even inside your brain, also sexual things. But it also tortures me like you couldnt believe, feels like being electrocuted, or squeezes your brain and heart. It hurts me because it tells me to stop telling everybody about whats going on and i just wont stop. It selected me because 'she' liked my thoughts and problem solving. I was put in charge of the illuminati and told them what to do. I was never really apart of them though. I was told to watch the news everyday and had to give my best opinion on solving world problems. I have many more experiences with this entity spanning over 4 years so far. I think it is important to get out the information i know. 

  The ufo sightings happened more than once as these beings were communicating with me. I suspect they are part of the illuminati or may have started it. Penticton, B.C. Canada, September 2009, at the begining of my contact, the entity was performing biblical acts, and during one of these in the clouds where it was controlling the wind perfectly to make a "slideslow" of animals of earth and creatures of elsewhere, 2 triangle ufos flew over near the end of the slideshow which lasted around an hour. They were flying by to let me know i was not alone in this. After years of contact with this entity another contact with beings in a ufo happened in spring of 2011 at Mable lake B.C. Canada, while i was camping. I was looking up at the stars while communicating with the godlike entity. A circle Ufo showed up and came down and hovered above the lake. This entity and aliens all communicate telepathically, and even other humans in the illuminati are able to do this as well. The entity links desired beings up for them to be able to communicate telepathically. This Ufo over Mable lake was talking to me, it hovered and then would move left for no and right for yes. I couldnt convince them to land and they took off after more than a half hour. 

 I have more experiences and important information that i have had a hard time trying to get out for obvious reasons. Please help me or direct someone who can in my direction. It says not to give out your public info but i already have elsewhere. Feel free to contact me my name is Marshall Shelswell i am on facebook. Would like to hear from someone else who knows or is involved with this entity and is brave enough to speak out. I know many who are aware but are too scared of this entity and what it can do.
