{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-29 10:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493044","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66477","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2866,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/044/mufon-5493044.json","updb_database_id":5493044}
{cak} Playing tennis on a Friday Morning May 29th. I was serving and tossed the ball above my head an saw a UFO high in the sky reflecting light.

It's Friday May 29, 2015 around 10 am and my tennis partner and I are playing singles at Cal Dickson Tennis Center in South Tampa. We are the only ones there. It's 3 to 3 in the second set, add out and I'm serving from North to South. I'm serving a second serve. My service toss is in an area directly above my head as I face West. I tilt my head up as I look at the area in the sky where I want to toss the ball into. I look up an toss the ball and stop. Directly in the area that I'm tossing the ball I see a object every high in the sky reflecting the light of the sun. I say to my partner look at that and point. He can't see it. So I go over to his side of the court next to him and point at the object in the sky. It's stationary and metallic reflecting the light from the sun, which at 10am is south east. He sees it and we stare transfixed. He sees a second similar object higher in the sky that I can't see. The object stayed in this area for around 5 or more minutes and then either left or disappeared. We just couldn't see it anymore. Cal Dickson Tennis Center is around six miles North of U.S. Central Command MacDill Air Force Base in South Tampa. My partner and I resumed playing tennis and shortly thereafter a military helicopter, (long and silver), appeared in the sky near where the object was that we sighted, but lower. The helicopter stayed stationary in the sky till around 11am. And numerous military large aircraft with contrails appeared patrolling flying very high in the sky near where the object was sighted. These aircraft were many times higher in the sky than the helicopter. My partner and I have been playing tennis at the Cal Dickson Tennis Center three times a week on weekday mornings for over two years and are familiar with the aircraft flying over the area. Tampa Internation Airport is around five miles NorthWest of the Cal Dickson Tennis Center. Occasionally traffic, news and police helicopters appear over the area of the Cal Dickson Tennis Center. But these helicopters are always east, southeast, northwest over land. The unidentified flying object we saw was West of us out over the bay.
