{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-04 17:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495044","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64406","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4968,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/044/mufon-5495044.json","updb_database_id":5495044}
{dr}Above 50,000 ft, straight path, bright object, no emission, high speed, hovered, perform unusual manuvers, performed unknown physical act, stopped, continued path until out of sight.

I was at a friends getting a drink from the refrigerator in the kitchen, when I stepped out of the kitchen I smelled a strong odor of ozone. Thinking it unusual because of the clear weather, I walked out onto the front deck to look for an incoming storm. It was about a half hour before sunset and the weather had been beautiful all day. I could observe no clouds or precipitation what so ever. I went back in and was watching something on t.v. for about 5 minutes when I smelled the odor again. I asked my friends if they could smell it, and had to explain what ozone smelled like, and they replied no to smelling anything unusual. So I was very puzzled and I decided to go outside on the front deck again and look for any lightning or thunderstorm activity. I stood outside for a few minutes searching the sky and had not noticed any but I could still smell ozone. It was so beautiful outside and the sun was near setting and very soon I was just observing the sunset and watching the stars becoming visible. That's when I first noticed an object flying in a straight path SW to NE with a trajectory crossing directly over head. At first I thought it was a satellite because it was small and shined bright white like a star but didn't twinkle, and was moving across the sky at high speed. I observed no vapor, smoke or any kind of trail and it appeared to be at an extremely high altitude of at least 50,000ft., but it could've been several hundred thousand feet because I could not tell what it was or how big it was. It continued on a path almost directly overhead and past me until it stopped and hovered for a moment at about 70deg. above the NE horizon. Then it vibrated for a few minutes gradually exaggerating the vibrations until it reached a point of actual zig-zagging in random directions in an area, if you held your hand up at arms length and looked between the thumb and forefinger spread apart, about 2 inches. Then it disappeared with a very bright orb shaped flash about the size of a nickle and a ripple effect on the sky (similar to that of a pond's surface if you were to toss a pebble in) and reappeared a couple of feet away (at altitude) instantaneously. It repeated this action many times gradually increasing frequency until about a 6ft. by 4ft. area of the sky was covered with dissapating ripples. It continued doing this at a pace that resembles that of constant fireworks exploding (like the bright flash and booming type at typical shows) for many minutes. I rushed back inside and exclaimed for my friends to come look but they would not. So I went back out alone and observed this object continue doing these actions for several more minutes until it suddenly stopped and hovered again for a moment and then resumed it's original flight path at resumed speed. As I was it watching fly toward the NE I noticed another identicle object on the same path and speed going in the opposite direction. They passed each other and both continued on until they were out of sight over the horizons. Neither objects made any noticeable noise during the entire time. The whole event seemed to take only about 7 or 8 minutes but when they were gone I went in and discovered nearly an hour had passed. Then for several weeks a strange effect on my eyesight was very noticeable, occasionally I could see for miles with almost binocular like vision. I didn't report this right away because after explaining it to several people over the next couple of months, everyone who would listen treated me like I was going crazy. Today I learned that other people had reported UFO's in the same town on that same weekend. So I decided to give you my report. I remember it like it was last weekend. One friend came out when I called him when the first object was flying over and he observed it saying "I don't know what that is." and when it stopped and started the zig-zag maneuvers he got a frightened look on his face and quickly rushed back into the house and never again mentioned a single word of the whole incident, not even when I was telling our other friends about it. I think he perhaps believes that we imagined it. He's not the sharpest knife in the drawer though.
