{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-17 22:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287044","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116335","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3048,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/044/mufon-5287044.json","updb_database_id":5287044}
3 orbs of light, appear and disappear

I figure no one is going to believe me but I had to report this because it was just too wild. I have a habit of watching the sky. I see satellites,shooting stars, etc but never anything like this. The sky was very clear, not a single cloud to be seen. A satellite had just left my field of vision when I saw a beam of light cover a short span of the sky. The beam had a yellowish tint, was not extremely bright. Then about 2 seconds after the beam,came the first orb of light,then a second, and a third. When I tell you these orbs came out of no where, I mean it. I was already looking in that section of sky because i was watching the satellite,and this beam and these orbs came out of nothing. These orbs looked at least 15x bigger than a satellite. Bigger than any planet, bigger than a star, bigger than the satellite by far. These orbs stayed in a straight line and stayed inside the beam of light, floated in one direction quickly until all 3 had cleared the beam's lightand disappeared. The beam of light seemed to follow the last one, like closing a drawer. 
The tail of a shooting star tends to fade as it gets further from the star. Not this beam. It stayed the same and stopped in the exact same spot the orbs disappeared. Like I said,there was not a single cloud. Where did they go? It was almost like as soon as they hit the end of that beam, they ceased to exist. Like the beam was a door, and the beam door closed up behind the last one. Wildest thing I've ever seen in the sky and I watch the sky often. I marked it as having lasted 15 seconds but that might have been too generous. I didn't count. I'm almost questioning my sanity for having even seen it. I figure all 3 lights could only be seen simultaneously for 2 or 3 seconds. It went beam,first light, second light, third light and then first light disappear, second light disappear,third light disappear,and beam disappear. All in a straight line. I don't know what else to say. It was too fast to get my camera out in time. I honestly didn't even try because it was so quick. Maybe there's a natural explanation. All I know is I watch the sky a lot and have never seen such a thing and have never reported to mufon before now. I put unknown for shape of object because all I saw were the orbs. They could have all been part of one craft and I just couldn't tell. Could have been 3 separate objects. They appeared to be evenly spaced apart.
