{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-05-01 19:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505044","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53826","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3858,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/044/mufon-5505044.json","updb_database_id":5505044}
{kt}Bright light first over head 4 dimmer orang lights same place looked like disk back to bright light flashed out

I saw a U.F.O. !1
Some time around then I saw a U F O . I must explain that U F O stands for UNIDENTIFIED FLYING OBJECT! 1It is just that! Not little green men! All I can do is tell you what I saw! I now have a private pilots license and I know airplanes! I know flight paths too! I can tell you That too this day I still don't know what it was! This was not just some fast moving light in the sky a long way off ! It was quite close and I have only seen this one ! It happened 1McAlester1Oklahoma back in the late 60's 1maybe 70. It was a nice clear day spring or summer about one hour before sundown! I was at D's mom and dads house standing in the front yard looking east! The house was on south street that runs east and west! It is about three miles north of the city airport! The airport is small but can handle small jets! With the wind out of the south a left down wind will put you east of the run way and turning base will head you west! I first noticed what looked like the landing light to a small Cessna turning base in the pattern! Maybe 900 ft 1 1 A G L . I stood just a little west where it should turn final! Almost under the turn! I was. Use to watching 1the little aircraft make this maneuver ! This light on base was strange because I only saw the light and not the aircraft ! That is what got my attention first! 1I kept looking but saw only the light ! Its speed was consistent with say a Cessna 152 in the pattern!
It kept coming and still nothing! I yelled at D that's a U F O get a camera! She rushed in the house but quickly came back and said she didn't have one ! By this time I should have seen the aircraft clearly 1in the bright sky but only this light! No sound ! Cessna's at that hight 1make a lot of engine noise ! Nothing! When it should have turned final it did not! It did not change course ! It was now directly over my head and the light had changed ! With out a blink or even fading down I could clearly see not one bright light but four it was a seamless transition the one light looked just like four locomotive main head lights bulbs on dim ! That kind of orangish color and the grouping was just the same also in a tight diamond pattern . But now I could see the lights were in the center of something about 60 feet across that was spinning around like the blades of a helicopter. But I could see them but could not see them! It was like looking through the thing !No aircraft body and no sound 1and the four lights! As it passed slowly over the four lights again appeared as one bright light again and the spinning part was unseen also ! Still no sound ! I watched as this light continued west about the same distance as when I had first saw it east of me! I was a bright light against a well lit clear blue sky! Then twice something flashed out pure white not like a gas but a plasma burst ! Then it blinked out and was gone!1
For what it is worth a man who D worked with and lived about one mile north said that he was working out in his yard about the same time and noticed a silver cigar thing ! He said he only saw it but did not pay anymore attention to it! D saw it too! And that's my U F O story !
