{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-12-11 05:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463966","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96945","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2863,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/966/mufon-5463966.json","updb_database_id":5463966}
{cak} String of bright lights thru trees outside window blinking on and off together at two heights.was

Couldn't get to sleep. Turned out lights about 5 a.m. And after about ten minutes something flashing through the backyard trees caught my eye. I looked for it again and a series of 6 or 7 evenly spaced lights in a slight convex curve flashed for slightly less than a second. A few seconds later it happened again, also through the trees but lower down and with perhaps less lights. It continued to flash on and off quickly, every couple of minutes, perhaps for one second duration, but not moving laterally, appearing to hover for the next twelve minutes until about 05:22. It resembled the Phoenix lights, but appeared to be much smaller, and was definitely an intermittent flashing at two different heights. I looked for news stories using the town and date, and what should pop up on the search engine, but the fact that the International Space Station (ISS) would be visible from Pensacola on Dec. 11, 2018 in the north at around 5 am and be viewable in the sunrise for three minutes. Issue solved, right? BUT, I have not been able to find anything like what I saw in photos of ISS passes anywhere on Earth on the net. I should have seen the ISS as a single, illuminated by sunlight entity. I did not, nor was I aware that it would be there. And if it were in orbit, would not the row of lights moved across the sky? These lights remained perfectly in place. It is possible that they were little parachutes carrying strobes on a timer, but then again they would have been steadily descending, not bouncing between one degree on the horizon and another further up. I am running all sorts of possibilities through my head, like reflections of Christmas lights, but nothing fits. Either a series of lights were being bounced off the space station repeatedly in a rhythm, or something else was in the skies over Pensacola, watching it pass. I did not photograph it because I am bedbound and couldn't get to my phone or camera. I will be watching at the same time tomorrow and have already told my housemates that if it reappears, they will be awakened! I am guessing that it started at 05:10 and lasted until about 05:22. The only time I looked at the clock it was 05:13.
