{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1944-04-11 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455966","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105636","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3091,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/966/mufon-5455966.json","updb_database_id":5455966}
{cak} Abduction possibly occurred in 1944 in the Spring. I was approximately 6 years old.

It needs to be understood, my possible abduction, comes in a nightmare form, since about the age of six. The year is 1944, spring or early summer. The nightmares occurred over and over, for about 2 years or so after they began. The nightmare goes like this, I’m playing out in my yard, just after dark and a shaft/beam of bright, white light appears from above and is very near to me. I can see it’s glow, on the leaves of a grapefruit tree my grandfather had planted a few years previous. I get an ominous feeling, that something bad is going to happen to me. I run from the beam towards the grapefruit tree for cover and protection, then I wake. This nightmare began probably around late spring, early summer of 1944. My birthday is in May. I was just beginning my first year in elementary school that fall. This is important to understand, because shortly after the nightmares began, a phenomenon happened to me. My oldest brother (12 years of age) subscribed to Popular Science and Mechanics magazines. I was somehow able to read these publications and fully understand their content such as airplanes, engines etc., and completely recall what I read. Which is interesting, because my future vocation would be a Physiological Instructor in the US Air Force . Which is where I met my present day wife, with whom I shared this story soon after we married. Fast forward 75 years, since the nightmares took place. I am now 81 years of age and disabled after I suffered a stroke and other physical ailments. I watch quite a bit of TV now to occupy my mind and have been viewing the Ancient Alien programs and other UFO related programs. which have been very intriguing. Especially the shows discussing the abduction phenomenon and abductee implant surgeries. The implant stories really caught my attention, because about one year ago, I noticed a small lump on the back of my neck near my spine. I am not certain what it is, but have asked my doctor to remove it. He has not complied at this juncture, saying he didn’t feel it necessary. I however, feel uneasy and have a need to know, but not sure where to turn. I have approached my two daughters and wife to assist me with this issue. My one daughter who is more knowledgeable and open to this subject is assisting me now, through this narrative. Thank you for having this venue to share my story. I hope to find some answers, before I leave this existence.
