{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511966","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46366","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4276,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/966/mufon-5511966.json","updb_database_id":5511966}
{dr}2 bright objects traveling together then accelerated at unbelievable speed

On the night of December 31st 2011 around 11pm-11:45pm me and a security guard were having a conversation at the lobby desk of the apartments I live at in Los Angeles. The security guard wanted to take a quick smoke break so I accompanied him just out front of the lobby on the sidwalk. As we were smoking 2 bright lights in the sky appeared out of nowhere. Apparently me and the security guard were looking in the same part of the sky because as soon as the orb like lights appeared me and the guard turned our heads towards one another in disbelief and immediately turned our gazes back to the two bright objects. When they appeared it seemed as though they may have been traveling at a good amount of speed and came to an abrupt, slight stop, then began to travel as a fighter jet and his wingman do, in the direction of Santa Monica. Whatever the two bright objects were (bright like fire) didn't hang around but maybe 40 seconds tops. The two objects accelerated at an amazingly high rate of speed and appeared to have just vanashed. I was able to snap a picture from my cellphone before they went to wherever they were going.

   About 13 to 15 hours later on January 1st 2012 I was at a bus stop in Hollywood. Was a beautiful sunny day. As I was waiting for the bus I noticed a floating eyesore advertisement (blimp). As I was watching the blimp maneuver, I caught a glimpse of two objects that were reflecting sunlight (I believe) and appeared to be silver. These two bright silvery craft appeared to be at a considerably high altitude and traveling close together and in the same direction as the two objects from the night before. When I noticed them they were traveling extremely fast but was also in for a shock. The lead craft looked as though it was gaining speed and the one on the left was lagging behind. But that was not the case. The craft to the left slowed all the way down to what I can only describe as a complete stop. Once stopped it did not lose altitude. The craft to the left looked as though it slowed down to the point of a stop and hover but when it came to the stop/hover, it accelerated towards the stopped craft faster than Iv seen any object, thing, vehicle move in all my life or imagination. Once the lead craft reached the stopped craft, the lead one appeared to come alarmingly close to the stopped one, circled all around it, than accelerated back in the direction they were traveling. Once the lead craft got to about the distance that it had first switched directions, craft number 2 (laggy) accelerated at a very high rate of speed. All this happened within something like 30 seconds give or take. I was in such a state of disbelief that I had forgot my cellphone was in my hand. When I realized this I immediately pointed it at the event. I blindly hit the camera button nit knowing I had actually hit the camcorder button until I started seeing my phone was catching this event on video! The point at which I did record this was when the lagging craft was catching up with the lead craft. I don't think my cellphone picked up the lead craft as I was a little too slow and they were extremely high above. Thats all I have.
