{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-12-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515966","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42172","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2416,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/966/mufon-5515966.json","updb_database_id":5515966}
7 red eye like lights inverted V travelling east to west

Some years ago, probably late Decemeber 1999, 1am in the morning. Crystal clear night, looking at stars, eye/rugby ball,objects in inverted V ( ie point of chevron shape formation was at the back. points of rugby ball were N/S so travelling with curved edges in front) appeared travelling fairly slowly but steadily east to west above my head and appeared to be follow wave pattern, rising and falling as if on undulating ground. The rear most being on the crest whilst the other had fallen below this to rise again on the next imaginary wave. They were in perfect timing with each other. Although I could see through the gaps between them they were so synchronised i got the impression they could have been one object...but how undulating?. objects looked like a red light behind irregular mesh or gauze or red traffic light through a rain drop with black strands. I got the impression that the lights were shileded or behind somthing. No sound if i hadnt been looking up would not have heard anything or seen objects.Disappeared over house roof. Went to back garden but no sight (House faces east). tried police...and this is not a joke...they said i had probably seen father christmas and the reindeer. Tried blackpool airport as appeared to be heading that way but couldnt get anything from them. gave up bothering to try to discover what these things were and tried to report to MUFON some years later be was awful site at that time. i don't talk about this nowadays as people think you are nuts but i know what i saw. Note: My ex was also there and saw these objects when i pointed them out...unfortunately i was that taken aback all i could repeat was "look, Look, Look".
