{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-03 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284966","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118446","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6853,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/966/mufon-5284966.json","updb_database_id":5284966}
Various Lights on side of Santa Rita Mountains near Green Valley, AZ

I live in Green Valley, AZ, which is approx 35 miles south of the south end of greater Tucson. To the southeast is the Santa Rita Mountains. There is a place called Madera Canyon, there, which is part of the Coronado National Forest. Top elevation is a tad higher than 4,000 ft. On the east side of the Santa Ritas, east of the I-19 freeway which runs to Nogales, Mexico, is a landmark called Elephant Head. This sighting was approx 5-7 miles north of Elephant Head, on the "side" of the Santa Rita Mountains. If I had to guess, from my vantage point in a subdivision northwest of the sighting, I would say the craft were on the side of the mountain--east of the road that runs you up into Madera Canyon. 

That easterly area of the mountain is probably either in Green Valley, AZ, or Sahuarita, AZ. I am not sure. From my home, at the top of a subdivision, it is as if I am looking down a valley, across the valley, and toward the sloping side of the mountain. On a regular basis, I see big white lights that appear at night. They look like coronas. I grew up with a lot of similar UFO sightings in the sky, in Michigan, but the Michigan sightings were clearly up in the air, at airplane height. The sightings in Green Valley look as if the craft is hovering on the lower elevations of the mountain--for perspective. When I see these things, I ask myself, "Is this a string of cars coming down off the mountain in the dark? Is it Border Patrol, setting up huge spotlights?" But, my gut has always been that they are craft. They are too big, and move around randomly. So, for the size of the lights--and being on the side of a craggy mountain, as they are--I doubt they are cars.

This recent sighting was much more detailed and I am convinced they were not cars. It was 7pm. We were sitting on a screened-in patio approximately 1.5 miles from my home. The patio looks in the same direction as my home, but it is down a hill--therefore, it has a better "beeline view." The big, corona-like lights appeared. There were 3. Sometimes one blinked out. Sometimes they were all on, at once. I got binoculars.

What I saw through the binoculars was not a solid white, corona-like bright light (as in LED-style brightness). Instead, it was at least 5 columns of lights, with each column having 4 or 5 in its stack. My sense was that the lights were on a lenticular-shaped craft, but I couldn't see the outline. These 3 "craft" were staggered, similar to if you are standing sideways next to a staircase and see "the highest step, the next step down, then the next step down." Each "step" had one of these groupings of lights. Sometimes one grouping would flash out. Sometimes two would (leaving only the one on the highest step, so to speak). The lights in the "stacks" were white, but it seemed like there was red and some blue around the edges. My brother saw something similar in approx 1979 in rural Michigan. For years, he has described what he saw as a cluster of flying "stadium lights." His cluster moved across a farm field toward his car. My sighting stayed on the side of the mountain.

At one point, one of the clusters reconfigured and became a ring/circle of bright white lights. It was as if the little stack of stadium lights separated and reconstructed as a circle of lights. I felt like they were deliberately giving me a show. At another point, they seemed to become one light and began zig-zagging through the air--the way a kid will take a flashlight in the dark and hold it in the air and wave it all over the place like he's drawing with a pen. (It felt like when you see a picture of human sperm that is "swimming" under a microscope.) That "dance" also intuitively felt like a show for me. 

There were at least 3 of these "craft" (clusters of stadium-light-style configured lights). But, I moved my binoculars to the right, along the base of the mountain toward Elephant Head, and it seemed like there were at least 4 more of these "craft"--but they were dulled out rather than super bright like an LED light. 

Additionally, when I looked up in the sky to the South East, almost straight above me, I saw what looked like a super bright planet. Something told me to look at it in the binoculars. When I did, it wasn't one, planet-style white light. What I saw was 3 lights, from left to right, as if I was looking at a plane with its landing gear on. Instinctively, I knew that that 3-light object was related to what was on the side of mountain.

As a side note, I see these things with frequency. I have looked at them with binoculars, but they have only appeared as a white, distant fuzzy orb. This is the first time that this detail was apparent to me. I posted this on our local FaceBook neighborhood channel. One man said he feels they are giant earth movers for what is going to be a new open-pit copper mine called Rosemont. I disagree, as I worked at the Asarco Mine in Sahuarita, AZ as a tour guide, briefly. That stint taught me to be aware of the midnight shift operations and to observe the large earth mover lights from the freeway at night. NEVER have I seen such a configuration from an Asarco earth mover. My gut is that this man was rationalizing what he saw. 

Lastly, the next night (Monday, Oct 6), I was thinking about these lights. In doing so, I could "feel" them, as in what I call the ET's. This is not my only UFO experience. And, I have learned to discern when they are nearby. They did not feel like bad entities. It was actually a calm, neutral--albeit validating--experience for me. I truly believe that they gave me an extra light show to say hello. My husband saw them with the naked eye, and through the binoculars. His sister did, also--although it was cocktail hour (for them) and they were humoring me, more than anything else. This was very cool, and I was glad for the experience. I have videos, but had trouble saving to my laptop so I could upload as attachment.
