{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-09-06 22:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291966","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111361","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2398,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/966/mufon-5291966.json","updb_database_id":5291966}
Triangle shaped UFO seen in Thornhill ON, Canada on Sep. 6, 2020.

It was Sunday, Sep. 6, 2020, around 10 pm. I was sitting on the balcony of my condo apartment on 12th floor. My apartment is facing north. There are complex of townhomes bellow my building across a small park.
At one moment I saw a chopper hovering above the townhouses. When I turned my attention to the West, I noticed two lights far away approaching my area. Probably another commercial jet, I thought.
The chopper has taken off.
Immediately after that I noticed those two lights hovering above the townhouses.
My first thought was it's impossible for the commercial jet to get here from where it was when I noticed it first so fast. And also, why it's hovering?
Probably it's two different objects and this one was a drone. The object start moving slowly and approached the other building that was east of mine.
It started going up vertically. After a few minutes it changed direction and flew in my direction.
I saw only two lights that were flashing. But it wasn't like electrical lights but rather like flames. Also, the flames were converging and not diverging.
When it started passing in front of my balcony, I still wasn't able to determine its shape or color as the object was flying in the mist. But I heard the roaring noise. 
The object kept slowly moving along my building at the height of about 14th floor.
When the object reached the edge of the building, it suddenly turned around its axis and I saw a triangle with lights in the corners. About the size of the object, to my evaluation, its side length was about 10 feet long.
In a second or two it disappeared behind the building's edge.
I didn't have my cell with me on the balcony and didn't want to go get it. I didn't want to miss anything from what I saw.
