{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-24 05:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288966","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114396","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2716,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/966/mufon-5288966.json","updb_database_id":5288966}
Cigar shaped object slow moving silent bright and constant yellow lights emanating through rectangular windows on its belly

Yesterday morning march 24 2021 between 530 - 545 am I witnessed a very large what I believed to be cigar shaped object slowly moving sw to slightly northeast headed directly over Cameron pass just to the right of casseopeia. It was approximately 3000 ft in altitude determined by its trajectory that took it just barely over the pass and appeared to be heading downward. I first noticed it above me and to the right. From my estimation it was as large as a nuclear sub. I could not see an outline but determined its shape by the light configuration and trajectory/ motion. It was moving very slowly almost hovering and completely silent. On the bottom of the object there were a series of yellow square rectangular lights that appeared to be large windows radiating light from inside the craft. There were approximately 8 in a row along the underbelly then a break in the middle and then 8 more, all yellow and bright. I received the impression this was some sort of large transport. The lights were constant and not flashing. There was no other variation or other light. The only thing that varied was as it nearly went over the nearby trees it flared the rear light brighter as I focused my headlamp on the craft..again as a further estimate of the size and shape imagine a very large nuclear sub minus the conning tower and propellers and add rectangular windows full of yellow light all along the under belly. It was very stealthy and flying lower than I have seen any craft fly in this treacherous mountain area. In the 8 mo, I have lived here, Gould, Co, I have seen zero small aircraft . I have seen other strang occurrences emanating from the Cameron pass area however, that were not airplanes. The only aircraft that frequent this area are jet liners and airforce craft at 30000 plus feet. I have seen two other strange aerial phenomena occur in this area within the past 8 months all moving in the same direction the cigar shape object seemed to be heading. Somewhere in or around Cameron pass.
