{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-23 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283966","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119465","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4222,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/966/mufon-5283966.json","updb_database_id":5283966}
White object slowly moving in sky

My husband and I had taken a break during the afternoon to go jogging. He is a much better runner than I am, so he took a longer path, which means I came home sooner than he did. When I was walking up the street that leads to my house, I always stop at the mailbox to check if it had come yet, and then will go sit on the front steps waiting for my husband. As I was sitting down, I looked to the East over my neighbor's house (directly across) and saw a white object in the sky. I don't recall there being any reflection, but just happened to have noticed it becuase it was a bright white color against the sky. I watched it for a few minutes to see how it would move in case it was a plane (it was in the same area/flightpath that commerial airliners usually pass over head going West from Denver International Airport to the mountains, but I couldn't tell if it was at the same altitude that the airliners fly...could have been higher I guess). When I noticed that it for sure wasn't an airplane, I called over one of my neighbor's who happened to be outside in front of his house moving some of his equipment. I asked him if he knew what it was, but he said he had no idea and left to return to his work. He didn't seem too interested in it. At this point, since I had my phone on me, I pulled it out to see if I could grab a few pictures and videos.

As I was getting photos, my husband had finished his jog and was walking up to the house. I pointed it out to him and got the same response as the neighbor. He said it was probably a weather balloon, which I might have to agree with him, but am reporting just in case. The object moved very, very slowly, almost as if it was hovering at most times, but I couldn't tell if it was just so high up and moving slowly or hovering in place. It moved from East to North-West in a diagonal path. It was somewhat cloudy that late afternoon, so I am not sure if the clouds were what was moving or the object at most times. I do believe that I saw it go above the clouds at some point, but becuase the object looked white, I couldn't really make the distinction as it got further away out of view. I would say that the object was in view anywhere between 15 - 30 minutes. Although the pictures are created with a timestamp from roughly 5:09pm - 5:19pm, I saw the object for a few minutes prior to capturing pictures, and I stopped taking pictures when I couldn't seem them on my phone anymore, but I could still see the object in the sky.

What makes me believe it could be a weather balloon was the glimmering/shining that I happened to see in one of the videos (video_5 around the 5 second mark) just below the white object (had looked up online a couple of balloons and saw that there's sometimes a long string with metal-like objects going down the string). I'm not sure, but hopefully someone might be able to confirm what this object was at this date and time.

I tried submitting this several times but kept getting 'Server Error,' so I am only attaching pictures in case that was the issue. I do have a couple of videos if anyone is interested in viewing.
