{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-15 17:46:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520966","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35428","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2993,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/966/mufon-5520966.json","updb_database_id":5520966}
Unknown object over eastern KY golf course

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?
Location was on Stonecrest in Prestonsburg, KY on 1-15-12 during the timeframe between 1630-1800. I was playing XBOX and looked out the window.

2. What made you first notice the object?
The odd shape, color of the trail, slow movement, and elevation

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?
At first thought it was just another aircraft, but several other high altitude aircraft were visible, all were obviously visible commercial planes. They appeared to moving much faster than this object and at significantly higher altitude. Also, the number of helicopters and light aircraft in the area seemed more abundant than usual. 

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.
After longer observation it appeared to be a missile of some sort, but even that didn't "fit". It was long cigar shaped dark brownish to black, the trail appeared dark reddish turning pale orange near the tail and was much shorter/fatter than the typical aircraft I usually see. It moved much slower than the norm, before a plane is out of sight is 15-20 minutes(I have an almost a 360 degree view of the horizon), this object was witnessed for nearly an hour and a half and was noticed only halfway across the horizon. It was on what appeared a straight line path moving on an approximate N-S trajectory. Object also appeared to stop/hover then proceed on. When this happened the trail became significantly smaller.

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.
Was a little awe struck, made my wife and daughter come outside to look and the reaction of "What the hell is that" was shared across the board. I remained on the back porch until the object was no longer visible. I snapped two images from an iphone. Also, after the sighting I told Jason Reichenbach about it in casual conversation and he directed me to MUFON.

6. How did you lose sight of the object?
It disappered over the horizon.
