{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501966","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57058","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2469,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/966/mufon-5501966.json","updb_database_id":5501966}
{dr}sitting with a friend in courtyard of complex talking and noticed orange flamelike orb enter into view berhind him. he then became aware and both witnessed it slowly pass over. tried to photograph but phone shut off. then it accelerated and vanished.

My friend and I stepped outside into the courtyard at my apartment located in Hickory,NC to have a cigarrette. We sat down at a picnic table and began to converse. I spotted a strange looking light appear about 70 ft above us and behind him. The courtyard is rectangular and completly surrounded by two story apartments with a lawn approx. 100ft across. The object was a burnt orange hue ommiting a lighter fiery orange pulsating dome-like shape. This "dome" seemed fluid and appeared translusent. The object moved slowly and was low enough to clearly come to the quick educated assesment that it was not a plane, helicopter or drone. the object was completly silent and moved in a straight line from east to west towards the full moon. When the object approached a low whispy cloud, which you could clearly see the moon through, it accelerated and vanished. While viewing this phenomona my friend was trying to get a picture or footage with his smart phone but it mysteriously shut off. He claims his phone had never shut down spontaniously before and it had over half a charge left. When we got the phone to turn back on we looked to see if any photos took and one did, but the orb was too far away to get a clear image. Approximatly 5 minutes after this occurance a plane appeared comming from the SE which is the direction of the Hickory Regional Airport. Seeing the plane so soon after the sighting was great to compare how dissimilar the two objects were. Soon after I looked up "orange orb" on google and found many youtube videos with similar if not exactly the same type of object my friend and I witnessed.
