{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-24 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503966","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54945","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2387,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/966/mufon-5503966.json","updb_database_id":5503966}
{kt}saw reflective light and watched object travel east to west with out any sound.it was almost invisable but not .visable side looked like triangles stacked in both directions. it made my eyes feel blured.

I went out to lock my shop and was in my driveway looking east at the skyline it was dark except for normal valley lights and such and as I turned to my right heading to the shop I saw a flash or reflection of light in the sky to my left and turned to look and I was amazed to watch "something" moving my way. I could tell something was there but could not grasp it! It then was closer on my left side and then I could see what is very difficult to explain. It had no lighting at all, total blackness. They were triangles connected and stacked so they would fit in the area, like a window. It was level and not very high. How high is for someone else to say but I can approximate the distance above my neighbors home. It continued on west and at about the same distance to my right that I first saw it on my left, the "window" was not visible, but the same strange motion and "stuff" was there. Then it was gone or no longer visible to me. I can not even guess at it's speed but someone may know more if I showed them how I turned my head and the points it became visible and was not.
My feeling now is I witnessed something in the sky but I am sure no one else has ever seen anything like it. My reactions are varied, it could have been a stealth air craft and I saw it because the lighting was shinning just right but it was soundless, nothing at all and that's what was even more freaky. Because it was so difficult to see it makes it hard to judge it's size and how close it was to me. I will always remember it and hope you don't think I nuts. Thanks for letting me talk about it.
