{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1956-04-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5178587","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"owh8ax","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5178587,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Air Force Requests Plane Loaded With Passengers To Chase UFOBrad
Sparks:
April 8, 1956; N of Schenectady to W of Syracuse, New York
(BBU)
10:15 p.m. (EST) Capt.
Raymond E. Ryan, First Officer William Neff, flight attendant Phyllis
Reynolds, and passengers, took off in an airliner from Albany heading N
then nearly due W (about 280° True) at 260 mph and 6,000 ft N of
Schenectady when a brilliant white light about 2-3 miles away was
spotted about 90° to the left appearing like an airliner heading in
to land at Albany. The white light moved about 90° to dead­
ahead position about 8-10 miles away at high speed estimated at about
800-1,000 mph where it changed color to orange and seemed to block the
airliner’s path or risk collision, disappeared briefly, reappeared as
an orange light again but standing still ahead of the airliner to the
W. Airliner contacted Griffiss AFB, Rome, NY, where controllers asked
pilot to turn lights off and on to help identify aircraft and was told
airliner was seen and the orange UFO to the S. Airliner was ordered to
maintain course to follow the UFO to the W, skipping its scheduled
landing at Syracuse after nearly 30 mins of following the object.
Promised fighter jet interception was not seen. Object disappeared at
high speed to the NW (or N) towards Oswego, NY. (UFOE, V, IX; McDonald
list; NICAP website)

Fran Ridge:
They were ordered to use their passenger
plane (with passengers in it) to pursue a UFO. Below is a
transcript of their interview on "Meet the Millers", a Canadian talk
show, a week later. After that program, the authorities denied that
Ryan and
Neff had been told not to land, and to
continue following the object while they scrambled some jets fighters,
but this transcript contradicts
the impression the authorities wanted to leave.
The recording, now on an audio cassette,
is available from the Fund for UFO Research, Inc.

Joel Carpenter:
...it seems from the news article as though the object
may have been to his _right_ as they passed it, and then crossed in
front of them as it departed to the west. If that's the case, it would
almost prove that it was hovering in the area of the reactor facility.
(see last two links below)

Detailed reports and documents
docs/Ryan_Rome040856.pdf (footnotes.com)
docs/Ryan_Albany040856.pdf
(footnotes.com)
docs/Ryan_Schen040856.pdf (footnotes)
The
Transcript from "Meet the Millers"
Newspaper
Article: Airliner
Chases Bright Light Miles Across the State
Newspaper
Article:
Unidentified
Aerial ‘Bright Object” Mystifies Area Fliers, CAA Man
Newspaper Article: Flyer Followed Object Off of His
Course
Newspaper Article: Theories on Bright Object
Differ As Reports Continue
Newspaper
Article: Cover-Up Suspected in
Reported Air-UFO Chase
Email
Discussion & Update - Brad Sparks
bluebookarchive.org/page.aspx?PageCode=MAXW-PBB2-377

Nuclear Connection ? - The Ryan Case - Joel Carpenter
Map / Flight Path reconstruction - Joel
Carpenter
