{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-16 21:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508243","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50251","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3608,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/243/mufon-5508243.json","updb_database_id":5508243}
{nd} Silent, pulsating red orange, hovering, slowly moving craft, moved left to right in night sky, then climbed straightup into atmosphere and vanished, five adult witnesses.

8/16/13, approx 9:30pm, clear starlit night, myself and four adult relatives retuning from dinner to my home in Rocky Hill Ct. Traveling down a hill top road approaching my home we all commented on a noticeable red orange object in sky to the northwest of our position. I asked the driver to stop the car so we could get a better look. I thought it might be a jet, on approach to Bradley airport, but as it approached our position, it slowed to near motionless state, and pulsed with a hard to describe fuzzy type of red/orange color, difficult to focus on, and completely silent. We are in a rural location, so any craft at that height, several thousand feet, would make a very pronounced noise, but this craft was noiseless, and we all remarked at that fact. As we watched, the craft slowly moved in a slight curve from left to right in the night sky, elevating somewhat as it traveled, and continued to emit the same red orange fuzzy color. There was absolutely no blinking or flashing of lights one would see with a commercial aircraft or helicopter, and again, no sound. As we all watched together, the craft hover motionless for a few seconds, than began moving again in a slight elevating curve and climbed higher, a few degrees east of the north star. Then it sped up slightly and continued to climb into the sky, and basically continued on that path until it grew smaller as it rose, until it was a pinpoint of light, and then vanished from site. We all looked at each other in amazement and said collectively, what the heck was that!? We all confirmed that we saw the exact same object, and all agreed that it could not have been a jet, helicopter, balloon, firework, etc. Unfortunately, this all took place in less that a minute or two, and none of us thought to video or take a picture of it, because none of us had ever before seen any flying craft that had inexplicably rose straight up into the heavens and vanished from sight. We were all thinking at first we were watching some strange airplane, but quickly realized that because it was completely silent, did not blink, glowed a weird pulsating color and vanished from view that this was no airplane or jet or military craft of any kind. And we were all witness to it together, we all agreed that if any one of us had seen it alone, we would not tell anyone, because it is just not something youd report, people would think you are nuts. This craft did not vanish into the horizon, it rose straight up into the sky, the velocity must have been tremendous, and it accelerated from a near hovering position to completely vertical, which is impossible for any commercial craft. I was never a believer, but the five of us are now. Thank God that I had four sober, well educated, highly skeptical adult witnesses with me at the time. If I were alone, I would still be shaking.
