{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-20 03:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487243","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72427","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4949,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/243/mufon-5487243.json","updb_database_id":5487243}
read below

My name is S from Adelaide south australia.just recently moved to the gold coast for a change of life. I've came into contact with 3 greys last march 2015 on the lunar eclipse. The Circumstances leading up to that day are hard for me to write and would realy like to talk to someone with expieriance in this field . since a young child ive had hundreds of sightings .and two years before getting to meet them physicly & conscious I was witnessing a few sightings per night some nights 50 to a hundred .. No exagetation.... They showed me a lot of things gave me information and the week leading after meeting them ..i questioned and was very confused to wat i had witnessed and been shown ..untill i met a person from mt gambier SA .my expieriance was arround 600kms from where his was . the night of my expieriance i was camping at cape jarvis with a friend and my cuzzin . my cuzzin had also arrived from perth a few days before and i tryed for few days to explain wat id been expierancing the past two years but he didnt want a bar of wat i said so i left it and said no more ..untill the night of the eclipse . there was an amarda of pyramid shaped ships from one side of the horizen to the other all facing and traveling the same direction... I tried to point them out but my cuzzin .but still to no avail ... Around 330 400 I awoke to a loud bang .similar to slapping the gaurd rail that surrounded the road we were campt near .. I asked if the other two heard it and got no reply .I had earlier stiched the zipper closed as it broke whilst camping .so i had no desire to restich it without a reason .so i layed back down ..around 15 mins later there was another louder bang.. I heard my cuzzin sit up in his tent and say "did you hear that cuzz " he opened his tent so i ripped mine open .a few seconds later my cuzzin said WHAT THE **** ARE THEY ! excuse the french .i turned and seen three greys two taller than the third .. My initial thoughts in my head (not verbal) were.. Emence fear for 1/10th of a second .then instantly realised it was the three white beings i had seen my whole life and they confirmed that
I also had a very strange sense of relation to the smaller one then the smaller one round 5 foot the other two were 6 ft or taller .stepped out of the group and waved at me .and the wave contained the info ..I was still in shock and hadn't said anything accept its them ..they were standing arround 5-10 mtrs away they night of the eclipse was extremly bright almost like day .they were not shadows maybes or halucinations i seen three humaniod glowing white greys ... The week after was very clouded and a lot of the information was jumbled due to questioning wat I seen .. Wen i arrived in gambier a week later i got in to a car of a friend of a friend .never met him previous .i was sitting in the front passenger seat and i leaned forward watching out the windscreen at two orbs that were flying in the clouds ..the man driving then said do you see them too ...i was speechless .he then said "ya never gunna believe this bout a week ago the night of the eclipse ".I moaned Ahha he continued with " well I seen 4 glowing white entities and I had this strange sense I was related to them ... I then screamed at him STOP THE CAR STOP THE CAR i got out sat on the grass screaming as all the info and details came together alot clearer .. Ive found it hard to talk to people about it as even people im close to try to implie other explainations or say I'm crazy ... I recently had a mental health assessment .and came up clear ..i obviesly didnt mention this .im a fully qualified signwriter screen printer ..1st year apprentice advanced pressure vessel welder and engineer. my IQ is 165 and above .so I don't have problems identifiying planes ,birds satilites drones ..and the differance between them and a ufo ..and i also have aqumulated heaps of sightings of my own video footage which also coralates and are simular or the same as world wide footage ....
Like i said though i realy would like to converse or even possibly meet with people the same level ... I have so much to share 
I would really appriecate some help in shedding some light on these issues and possibly shed some light for others 
Kindest regaurds .and much love and respect for taking the time to read my email 
S
[Email removed/cms/tg]
