{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1987-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286243","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117144","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4088,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/243/mufon-5286243.json","updb_database_id":5286243}
This sighting was in the shape of a cross, formed by a series of 5 eerie lights, seemingly traveling at great heigh.

Sometime during the year 1987, while I was performing military (guard) duties at the Jamaica Defence Force Airwing, based at the airport, I, along with at least 6 other soldiers witness this mind boggling sighting of a series of weird looking lights, shaped like a cross and seemed to be traveling at great height. I have shared my experience of this event on some other internet platform once before but felt compelled to do so again,
I clearly recall that I had just been relieved by the midnight shift of 2 prowler sentries and had just climbed into bed to rest for my 0600 hrs shift when one of the guards whom had just relieved me frantically called out to me to come outside quickly. I asked him what it was and he was even more frantic with his response so I looked through the window to see what was so urgent. What I saw prompted me to jump down from my bunk bed and ran outside immediately, where I saw him in the company of 4-5 other soldiers, all staring up into the shy overhead and asking “ what the hell is that thing?”
What was so weird was that the orange colored lights were spaced so far apart, and seemed to be traveling at such a height that it looked very surreal. The lights didn’t appear to be projecting but rather, left a short, wispy trail in their wake. Perhaps the most eerie detail about this object was that there was absolutely no sound.

Almost immediately, we heard a radio transmission from our hand held transceiver, from a joint police/military patrol that was operating in Kingston, informing the Dut Officer of what they were observing ( they were in a different part of the city observing the same thing that we were seeing). The D/O took the report and asked them to stand by while he place a call to Air Traffic Control at the airport.

We watched in amazement as the lights almost went out of sight. I suddenly remembered that there were scaffoldings located at the nearby Air Jamaica hanger and decided to hastily make my way there to see if I could get a better look at this thing before it disappeared over the horizon. On my way to the hanger I passed another soldier who was duty in that area and he asked my what had caused me to be in such a hurry. I responded that I would tell him when I got back ( I didn’t want to waste any time while the object was moving out of sight). I quickly climbed the scaffolding and watched the item as it seemed to merge with the ocean and the horizon, then made my way back to where the soldier was standing. I told him what we all saw and he immediately told me how “happy “ he was that I told him what I had seen because he saw this thing an thought that he was going crazy.

As I got back to where we had first seen the lights, one member of the group told me that the D/O had reported back to the joint patrol that he had been in contact with ATC, however, this craft had not shown up on radar.

I know that this incident took place over 3 decades ago, and some people reading this might be of the view that I probably forgot what I had seen. I will say that some things you just don’t forget, especially things that evoke as much emotions as this sighting did.

I have kept looking skyward ever since, wondering what other strange sighting might take place but so far the skies have been quiet. At least, for me. Happy to have shared my experience with you and your readers.
