{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-11 16:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475243","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85054","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3593,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/243/mufon-5475243.json","updb_database_id":5475243}
Unidentifiable, 3D rectangular box-shaped object drifting very smoothly over the city.

On July 11, 2017 at approximately 16:15 - 16:20 hrs., I witnessed an unidentifiable flying/floating object sailing over my area (East Hamilton, Ontario), from my apartment balcony. My balcony faces N/E, toward the bay of Lake Ontario. I stepped out to take a look at the construction crew tearing down an old high school across the road from my building, and to check on the current temperature, when this object caught my eye, drifting at first in my direction (fully south), coming from the north area of the city, closer to the lake. It was fairly large, and I estimated it to be almost the size of an Austin Mini Cooper car. It looked solid/3D, and was rectangular and box-like in shape. The colour was a dark grey, but parts of it appeared to be a lighter grey. It changed direction as it approached my area, turning left, and heading toward the town of Stoney Creek (south-east/east). My neighbourhood is on the border of Stoney Creek, and this object floated away over that town and out of sight. I captured a few photos of it with my mobile phone, but by the time I went into my apartment to get my phone and returned to the balcony with it, the object had moved further away, so the photos don't show it very well. I had no idea what this object was when I first noticed it, or when it sailed past my location. It looked like a large, rectangular, metallic box. How it was airborne, and how it remained so, completely puzzled and mystified me. I was talking on my house phone (cordless handset) with a friend while all of this was going on, and I remember just laughing slightly when I first saw it, telling her, "Holy CRAP... there's a UFO heading this way, and by that, I mean an unidentifiable flying object." Then after it started to turn toward the east I said, "Well, now there's a large metallic, rectanglar box just sailing past this neighborhood... gonna grab my phone and take some photos." So I stepped inside, grabbed the phone, and took about a half-dozen photos, before it sailed too far away. I don't know how to describe my feelings at the time, really... nothing extraordinary, because I had no idea what this object could be. I was just really puzzled/curious, more than anything, because I couldn't figure out what it was. I'm still wondering about it, and would love to hear if anyone else happened to witness it too, and may have some idea of what it could be?!
