{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-10-20 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463243","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97711","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2754,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/243/mufon-5463243.json","updb_database_id":5463243}
{cak} The very large glowing object harder than separated the clouds and shot a beam towards the ground

(copied from short description: The very large glowing object harder than separated the clouds and shot a beam towards the ground)

This event occurred at the end of a day of whitetail deer Hunting
The very large glowing object harder than separated the clouds and shot a beam towards the ground

Detailed description added during telephone interview by interviewer SD Eric Hartwig:

William and friend heading through forest at dusk/first dark towards their truck see a tall bonfire through the woods. William uses his binoculars to get a better look at who is at the bonfire. He sees up to 12 figures around the bonfire each holding what he can only refer to as some kind of staff. At about that time a beam of light comes down from the clouds and shines on the bonfire area. He states that the only way out of the woods and to their truck is in that direction, there being swamp on both sides, so they have to go by the bonfire area closer than they would prefer. At this point it's very dark. When they got to their closest point to where the bonfire was they can see that it is now down to a patch of burning embers. For the rest of the hike to their truck the men were hearing a lot of rustling and branches breaking around them as if they were completely surrounded. It was terrifying and having his service revolver William let off a total of 45 warning shots during that hike. Even crawling on the ground and hiding behind trees the men were using maneuvers they knew from military training. They got to the truck and still felt surrounded. They never saw any other vehicles in the woods that could have been used by bonfire party goers. When they reached the gate to the State Forest they stopped and waited for 15 minutes to see if any other cars came out. Nothing. They then called the fire department and reported the bonfire. They waited and saw the fire trucks go by and into the forest. He never heard of any outcome from the Fire Dept. William's friend told him he never wants to talk about this again and he honors that agreement.
