{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501243","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57821","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2523,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/243/mufon-5501243.json","updb_database_id":5501243}
{nd} Observed a spinning asymmetrical object with a strange aura and no wings or propellers silently transversing the sky

We were in the car at about 4pm leaving the Trader Joes parking lot in Santa Rosa when I looked up and saw this object just sitting in the sky right below the cloud line. I started yelling at my partner LOOK LOOK OMG OMG LOOK WHAT IS THAT? He couldn't see it for a minute, once he spotted it the object started moving across the sky with a strange energy globe that was pushing the clouds away from around it as it was spinning and changing shape almost. My partner at first tried to reason it into an airplane or helicopter but as it moved across the sky even he clearly could tell that from no angle did it have wings or a propeller. We both noticed the "aura" surrounding it and how it seemed to separate the clouds as it moved through them. From a greater distance it seemed spherical but as it drew closer it seemed to be an asymmetrical oblong that was spinning. It moved across the sky from south to north slower than a low flying airplane but much faster than a helicopter. This settled a dispute that we had about what appeared to be three objects similar to this one escorting a large black airplane that only briefly appeared from the clouds but never exited the cloud line in the direction they were headed. We wanted to see it better so my partner ran into the sports store and bought a pair of binoculars but while he was inside the object disappeared in the distance. There was no doubt at this point even to my partner whom is a serious skeptic that what we had seen was not a normal human craft. What was truly baffling to us is that it was visible in broad daylight, since we assumed that either alien or military experimental crafts would travel under the cover of night. Shortly afterwards a helicopter appeared and circled the area relentlessly for hours as if searching for something.
