{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-18 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491243","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68328","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6826,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/243/mufon-5491243.json","updb_database_id":5491243}
{rjl} Very clear, sharp black object noticed not moving in the sky. Eventually seen to move from SE to SW so slow it seemed not to move.

July 18, 2015, from about 7:30 PM to 8:40 PM (Mountain time), my wife and I were sitting out in our front yard patio. Neighbors in the town home next to us were having a small dinner party out on their front patio. 

I love Colorado skies and I'm always sitting back and enjoying them. On this evening I looked up and saw a clear, sharp, black dot motionless in the sky. 

I thought it might be a hawk or an eagle soaring as we see that several times each month. But this was much, much higher than any bird I'd ever seen. And it was not moving the way a soaring bird does (where they move slightly in all directions as they hold onto the wind). This thing wasn't moving at all. That got my attention. 

So I asked my wife to look up and see it. She did also and we speculated as to why it appeared to not move. I was too curious so I ran through the house to the garage to get a small pair of binoculars from my car. 

I got back out front and it was still there. So I steadied the little binoculars against the edge of a front porch pillar and scanned until I found the object. Through the binoculars I could see it much closer. 

In my mind I told my self it was two birds fighting or mating--but remarkably not moving through the sky. 

It *MAY* have been slowly rotating, in a clockwise direction from my point of view. It was still so far away I couldn't see details but I was able to see that it was squarish, and had angular sides, with at least one light. 

The light was in the center and it was an orange-red. The squarish object was not perfectly clear but it appeared to be a square doughnut, with no doughnut hole. And instead of a tubular doughnut shape the tube was angular. 

I could see a few angular lines and that was about the only details I could see. 

Due to the distance and lack of clarity it was difficult to focus on the object while steadying the binoculars. 

The object *may* have had three other much smaller, orange-red lights--but that may have also been a trick of the eye due to the bright light in the center. 

The bright light in the center didn't make sense because it was so much brighter than any aircraft running light. This bright light did not appear to be a reflection of the sun. It appeared to be a light coming from the object. 

After I'd looked at it with the binoculars I interrupted our neighbor's dinner party and asked them to look up into the sky at the black object. They did and when they saw it. I believe I remember them commenting on how it didn't appear to be moving in the sky. 

At this time I noticed that it had in fact been moving, slowly from SE to SW--but not so that movement could be seen.
One of the neighbors said that it was probably a drone. Although, as a sometimes curious former soldier (honorable discharge), I do look up drones and such but have never seen one anything like this object''s shape. 

I told them "We're probably being watched," and one of them waved to the object as if to say hello.

One of the people at the neighbor's dinner party got out their cell phone and was either taking pictures or video. 

I realized I wanted photos so I ran into the house, went upstairs and got my cell phone (iPhone 6 Plus). 

When I got back the object was just going behind clouds. It appeared again and I took three photos and a video--all steadied against the porch pillar as I had done with the binoculars. Then the object was no longer visible. 

We stayed outside enjoying the evening about another 30 or 40 minutes and I kept watching to see if I could see it again. However the sun had set and the cloud mass high in the sky was such that it would continue to block visibility of the object if it kept going in the same direction. 

In the morning as I write this, I'd emailed the photos and video to my computer (in their original resolution), and I cannot see the object--even zooming in with Photoshop. But I'm not an expert with photography so it may be there but I just can't see it. And I might not be looking in the exact right place.

I copied one of the photos and marked it up with approximate flight path, the date and some notes. 

The object seemed to become smaller from the beginning to the end of viewing it. So from that I believe that while it was heading something like SE to SW (in our view) it was also heading more South, or gaining altitude. 

Personal Editorial

This didn't seem like anything extraterrestrial or paranormal to me. It wasn't really any kind of experience. 

Other than the object moving so slowly that it seemed not to be moving, everything seemed normal as if it was an aircraft we could normally experience-but never had. 

I'm open to some ideas such as there is probably life on all the other gajillion planets out there but I'm skeptical that they would be able to find earth among the stars, and/or that they would care about earth and us. 

I'm also skeptical about government cover-ups and conspiracies as I believe it's almost impossible for anyone to keep a secret--especially in our information age where anyone and everyone would do anything to expose a government secret to gain fame or wealth.
