{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-19 22:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516243","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41886","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4359,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/243/mufon-5516243.json","updb_database_id":5516243}
{dr}Silent group of 12-15 glowing orange orbs of light appear one at a time over horizon and flying in a spread out cluster NW to SWW

I was sitting at a bus stop across from a Dominos waiting 15 minutes for my Pizza playing Angry Birds on my cell phone. I put the cell away and was just about to cross back over the street to pick up my Pizza when out from behind a cloud to my right I suddenly saw a bright orange burst of light that was so bright it could not be ignored.

One orange burning/glowing ball light in the night sky is one thing, but suddenly I saw another, and yet another trailing behind it. I could not believe what I was seeing and before I knew it on the horizon I was seeing them pop up to the North & just West and follow a similar path NW to SW almost as if in a non-linear string formation. During this time I called my girlfriend who was at our house 6 blocks away and yelled at her to go outside and look up while I frantically tried to snap photographs on my cellphone to no avail due to the overbearing light from street lamps.

When I first saw them I thought it could be a meteor, but after the first two and then seeing how fluidly they were moving, with small adjustments in elevation I knew they couldnt be as it wasnt burning up or crashing or dissapating. Then I thought could be a helicopter, but they were SO bright and 100% SILENT & did not move like helicopters. There were planes in the sky as well during and after the sighting (Milwaukee County Airport traffic) but these lights neither came from the Airport nor headed toward the airport and were way too bright and obvious to be planes or anything else that uses the Airport Terminals.

I stayed on the phone with my girlfriend until I had walked the 6 blocks home and by the time I had gotten there all the remaining UFOs were gone, however she had seen them as well, albeit not as many - she ended up seeing 5-7 & even noted that one seemed to turn its light off and she got sight of the actual shape of the object as seen on the face of a cloud, which was round / spherical - as she put it "almost 2 spheres in one". I only lost sight of the remaining 3 "fireball" orbs that I could still see from my perspective once I got about 2 blocks from home and they seemed to have changed direction and were all now traveling more decidedly west than Southwest, however still had a slightly southern trajectory as well. 

When the sighting was said and done I had seen a "fleet" of these lights - about 12-15 very strong & bright glowing orange orbs moving across the Milwaukee night sky over Milwaukees East Side near the University of Milwaukee Wisconsin. I lost sight of the remaining objects the same way I lost sight of the first 8 or 9... as they flew south past my point of view, they headed hard west & disappeared into cloud cover at this point. You could see them climbing up into the clouds quickly once they reached them and fading out of view in less than a minute.

These objects were completely silent, very bright, seemingly moving as a large group / unit but with their own variances & at least 5-10 orb lengths between each object.

I felt calm, dumbfounded and not really frantic quite frankly but rather at ease. I remember that my only concern was that my girlfriend who was only a few blocks away get outside and confirm what I was seeing from that perspective as well (looking south as I was seeing them come from the north), so I was ecstatic when she answered and when I heard her reaction over the phone when she looked up. I had a feeling in my chest, slightly emotional and my eyes were wired open as well as a feeling of calm. 

UFO Sighting looked very similar to some of the photos taken in this article [link moved below/CMS/dr]
