{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-12-09 22:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464017","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96889","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2749,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/017/mufon-5464017.json","updb_database_id":5464017}
spotted a Glowing orange light that was on a normal flight path (airport nearby) its decent was curved. all 3 were circlular with champhered edges, the light came from the edges, 1 began to spin its light before fading or going out

I went outside to have a smoke, i spotted a odd looking light with a red-orange glow, at this point i ran inside to get my phone to record, as soon as i started recording the lights went out and i could see a definate circular object with cut off edges (champher)and it floated past the point of view (trees and houses), the black silhoutte was like looking at a bat against a night sky, thats the colour when the lights were off, there was silence! nothing, no trail nothing.i really thought i was seeing things. in my disbelief i stopped recording and went to wake my girlfreind up to confirm im not going crazy, she saw it too! but with a 2nd UFO, this one was glowing like the one before but at a point its light that covered its entire surface dropped to a low single light and the silhoute showed its light coming from the champhered edge and begun to spin clockwise with the light moving around its edge like a offset circle.my girlfreind,she wanted me to come inside as she was getting nervous. im not crazy and if i had not seen this with my own eyes i would most certainly would have remained a skeptic, but now im not sure anymore... i know what i saw and that was no airplane or jet or balloon or anything that resembled this. it was unique! i have 2 short vids that i am over eager to share. please contact me asap.best regards

P.S i would like to add that it takes a long time for aircraft to get from when being spotted to when it moves overhead, always noisy and always slow. these were rather quick although looked slow and graceful when observed. i have family that works with Aircraft and an uncle who helped engineer the Rooi-Valk attack helicopter, these were not aircraft in any shape or form 100% sure of that
