{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-09-21 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458017","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103534","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3808,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/017/mufon-5458017.json","updb_database_id":5458017}
{rjl} Many Orb seen...along with aircraft that circled for over 2 hrs

Approx. 7 PM My son and I witnessed a Small tubo prop plane (sound of engines..exterior strobe lamps...etc) that was circling the southern sky. My wife and I witnessed the same style plane, lighting, and engine sound the night prior (Fri Night)... circling in the same area. The plane is circling the southern sky in an approximate 15 mile area. The plane passes under the planet jupiter and makes a long circle about the sky. Takes approx 10 mins to complete a circle. While showing my adult son and wife thet noted an orb that appeared in the south west andmoved slowly (much slower than a satellite) to the north west. The object was approx the same size and color as Jupiter on that night. The object was wittnessed from inception until passing over the horizon for approx 8 mins. Directly after this we all went back to looking at the same plane circling the sky. Approx 4 mins later while watching the plane we noted a small orb about the size and color of a small star begin to move from approx the saggitarius constellation area to the left of jupiter. We watched this orb move from the south east sky towards the north west. Directly after that.... same plane circling still.... same area of the sky as the past object... another orb was wittnessed by all 3 people...including now a minor grand child over 10 yrs old.. Object was the same shape and color as prior... went from south east sky ...almost straight north. Immediatley folloing this sighting a 3rd orbe originated from the same constellation area and moved due west.  All during this time the same plane is aloft.  About 10 mins folling the 3rd orb sighting... a 4th orb was sighted directly overhead 90 degrees up.  same size and color as the past 3.  withnessed this orb move from directly overhead due south. transit time of approx 5 mins. No firther orb sighting this night. Plane continued to circle for approx 2.5 hrs. Called airport authority to report plane...\butwas transfered to a voicemail.  Called airport police.... explained the plane andrequested to speak toanaircraft controller... was denied. attemped to call MillingtonTN tower...No answers.. As of current report on 9/22...plane is back out circling.   ORB COLORS...first one a warm white... same size and shape of Jupiter.... Final 4 a cool white approx size and shape of a faint star...but moving too slow for a satellite... No iridium flares seen.
