{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-26 22:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501017","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58059","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3109,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/017/mufon-5501017.json","updb_database_id":5501017}
{cak} Star-like object that can do unbelievable flying stunts at high altitudes during the night.

I was on vacation in Hawaii with my family when we decided to see an astrology show, as we did the last time we visited. While waiting for the astrologer to set up, I looked up at the stars, but because of the hotel's light, I blocked it out with my hands to see them better. Everything was still in the sky, as far as I can tell, although a few seconds later, I saw one of the stars moving father down the sky. Reminding myself that they were only stars, I ignored it and thought that it was my eyes playing tricks on me because of how dark it was. The star stopped moving as soon as my eyes readjusted, but a few seconds later it, again, moved further down the sky. This time I payed closer attention to what was happening. It had stopped moving, but, like before, it started moving after a few seconds, but this time it did not stop. It made a left, but wide, turn really fast, but because I was ready for it I noticed that it wasn't turning, but was making straight lines at different angles, probably only three or four, impossibly fast. After it made a half circle in the sky, it paused for a second and took off extremely fast and kinda made a short light streak in the sky. I must've blinked because suddenly it was gone. Because it was so high in the sky I could not tell if it had done any other flying manoeuvres. After seeing this event, I was not sure what to believe, I just thought that it was my imagination, but after watching 'Hangar 1: The UFO Files' and listening to what other people have encountered, it made me believe that what I saw did, in fact, happen. Keep in mind though, that there is a military base somewhere close by because there are military airplanes that come and go on a regular basis, probably practicing their piloting techniques. It's hard to remember how many days past, but I'm pretty sure that it was only one or two, two      blackish-camouflage military helicopters flew over my hotel heading in the general direction of where the airplanes usually take-off and land. This event stands out because in my time there, I never saw any helicopters. These ones' though were definitely special-ops or something because they looked like they belonged in a war or a war scene in a movie. Also, this was in the middle of the day and everyone saw them since we heard them coming. I did not see who was inside, although they obviously did not care about who saw them since they flew so low.
