{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-25 23:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285017","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118394","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3477,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/017/mufon-5285017.json","updb_database_id":5285017}
Looked like a shooting star. at incredible speed Suddenly zigg zagged at the SAME speed .straigtened and shot off across the horizon at the same speed

Pretty chill night. 11 PM in lahore. I was sitting outside with my father discussing university and what courses im going to take. Nothing out of the ordinary.
We live in lahore so only a few stars are visible. Night was clear. My head was up as i was trying to relax and focus on the night sky.
A white object shoots across the sky. My first instinct : a shooting star since the speed that it came in my peripheral vision was no airplane / jet or anything. The phrase shooting star applied as far as speed goes.

But suddenly, maybe 0.3 -0.5 seconds later. The star zig zagged at the same incredible speed laterally across a considerable distance. Then went back to the same trajectory after completing the zig zag at an insane speed, WITHOUT BENDING WITHOUT SLOWING DOWN. 

It then literally shot across the far away horizon at incredible speed. 
It traversed my entire view of the sky in less that 2 seconds ( the entire duration i saw it)

Now , i had been sitting under the skies for several hours, and i was fairly long visioned and focused at this point. So it wasnt a light in my eye im sure of that . It coudnt have been a laser as we live in Lahore with alot of commercial lasers and spotlights etc for marketing purposes etc.

The light was white, and what struck me as odd and thats why im writing to you is that
1- I believe that it was not a laser or a spotlight, as it seemed very far away, and i saw no pertabations / cloudy background for eg light hitting any cloud.

2- It cant be a asteriod/ meteriod / satellite. The light zig zagged at insane speeds, without any effort. And then re adjusted to its original path and shooted off .

3- Unfortunately, my dad was sitting right in front of me , but it was only 2 seconds and he was facing me. So technically he could have seen it from the opposite side from me . But he was talking to me. As i called out my dad to see it, the object had already done the zig zag part and was at the end of the horizon.

We saw the ufo sightings and everything and ive been thinking about what i saw, which i never saw again / nor did i see anything paranormal / have seen anything weird in my entire life. 

It was in lahore, so im pretty sure some other people saw it in the few seconds that it did shoot , manuveuvered etc. What i actually kind of now regret is that i forgot the exact date that it occured, and the exact time. 
Somewhere around end of august/ start of september at 11 PM (approx to about ~2 hours + or -)

PS : The compass App doesnt work on my phone so i wrote UNKNOWN in both direction first observed and last observed fields.
Regards,
Usman
