{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-16 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482208","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77759","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2597,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/208/mufon-5482208.json","updb_database_id":5482208}
{rjl} Observed at least 50 UFOs and orbs close and far away all over the skies, one chased me

As reported to ASD by phone today:"My wife and I and our neighbors have been observing multiple unidentified objects in the skies for the past six weeks. The first object was in the trees then it moved towards me and stopped just 20' from me, it was a white ball of light or orb. I didn't know what it was and took a picture with my cell phone, but when the flash went off, the object shot straight up in the air and stopped, then it started flashing blue and red, then it moved quickly further away, then stopped, seeming to be watching me. My wife and I have been watching the skies ever since this incident and along with the neighbors, have seen many different types and shapes of objects in the skies. Most are a dark grey color, some are white, and others are a round disk shape with square block shapes on the bottom. Some have a jet like sound, others produce no sound at all and seem to have no propulsion system. I called Whiteman Air Force Base to report this because it seemed that the objects were starting to get hostile. One chased me down the road and I became very afraid that something would happen. Whiteman told me to call Missouri MUFON and report this. On Saturday night, July 16, things culminated when we saw many objects, and while I was taking photos of them and the lightning (with no thunder) from my front yard, a police officer saw me and asked what I was doing. I told him what I was doing and he called more police in, they thought I was crazy and arrested me and my wife, and called family services to take my 13-year old daughter to my mother and she is still there. They came in and took my computer, laptop, camera, and all of my weapons in the house. I really think someone needs to come check this out as something is going on and the police don't seem to care. I don't know if it is our military or something else but it is a serious situation that needs to be investigated."
