{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-11-02 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477208","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82953","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2751,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/208/mufon-5477208.json","updb_database_id":5477208}
{nd} I was unable to sleep and was almost abducted by a grey alien

I was in a basement bedroom with a concrete floor. I was lying on a queen-size mattress with box springs , which was on a metal frame with legs. There was a toaster sitting on the concrete about two feet away from my head. I had an interview the next morning but couldn't sleep , as I was nervous and my heart was pounding. As I lay there , I suddenly became aware that there was someone else in the room , but it felt like they had stepped into my mind and were observing. At this point , I tried to move so I could see it. I could not move.As I struggled to move , the coils in the toaster began vibrating , and the harder I struggled , the coils in the toaster would vibrate at a higher pitch. Finally , I was able to break free , and in one motion , I grabbed my loaded 1911 Colt with my left hand as I sat up in bed. I observed a light brighter than the sun in the basement outside my door as it moved away from the bedroom , took a left turn , went up the stairs and through the glass in the stairwell. I looked behind me to see another light with the same intensity move up and away from the window well. I didn't observe the source of the light directly , but you could tell what they were doing. I got up and turned on the light and sat there for about a half hour before I laid back down , this time putting my 1911 under my pillow.
 About half an hour later , around 2 am , I felt the same presence in my mind. This time , I laughed out loud because I knew who it was and thought it would be easy enough to break free as I did earlier. I struggled to move , but this time , they were immobilizing me with a higher frequency , and the coils in the toaster were vibrating at a very high pitch. But I was determined to at least see what or who was doing this , and finally was able to move my head enough to see a Grey alien partially phased though the ceiling tile staring at me. The room was dimly lit , but enough for a good look. I have to believe it LET me move to look at it , as they were prepared for me the second time. After a quick look , the room went dark and it disappeared.
