{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-28 20:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512208","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46118","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3521,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/208/mufon-5512208.json","updb_database_id":5512208}
(GS) Huge triangular craft materialized made a turn, then a smaller triangular craft appeared, both flew silently till out of sight.

I was travelling West along Route 61. I was 8:00pm on the date of Sept-28th-2010 near the Town of Crown Hill, WV. I was looking North in the sky when a whit orb of light materialized in the sky above the mountain that was directly ahead of me approx 3/4 of a mile away. The light was very large, and within seconds another orb appeared, then another, this continued until a dozen white orbs were above the mountain in a straight line. I noticed that I felt uneasy, as if these orbs or something was aware of me, and what I was thinking, I say this because the first orb appeared dead center of my vision, as if it did it on purpose, like it knew precisely were I was looking. I then realized that this was not 12 individual objects but were actually part of one object....

The lights began to bank and turn, and I could see that this was actually orbs of lights surrounding a Gigantic triangular objects that was turning left and banking as it did so. I was filled with fear, and panic, as I was in a relatively rural area, and the sheer size of this object was intimidating to say the least, not to mention the fact that it just materialized like a star trek ship de-cloaking right in front of my eyes. I feared I was going to be abducted. I was looking this object over from front to back taking in all the details I could. I could see that there was a solid black triangular shaped craft that was surrounded by white luminous orbs that were not connected to the triangular object but were flying along perfectly approx 10 feet away from the main black triangle object. I could see stars and the night sky between the orbs and the triangle craft.

This object was approx the size of at least a dozen C-131 transport planes flying wing to wing in formation, so huge I could not believe the size of it! I was still driving toward it in a Jeep Grand Cherokee, and this object took up the entire windshield from my perspective inside the vehicle. As I approached this object, and got very close, it was not very far in front of me, suddenly, instantaneously a smaller triangular object appeared in front of the much, much larger one. This smaller triangular object had blue lights on the bottom of it in all three corners. Both of these were travelling at approx 5 - 10 mph, and soon had flew out of sight. I had to stop at the next opportunity I had and calm down, my heart was racing and I was very shook up by it all. Also I would like to note that I did try to take pictures, but my phone that was hooked up on charge, and had a full charge, turned itself off, when I grabbed it off the passenger seat and refused to turn on, it did however turn on by itself after the objects were gone.
