{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-02 05:48:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506208","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52599","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3103,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/208/mufon-5506208.json","updb_database_id":5506208}
{cak}Observed dark square object about 15 feet tall with white and red lights that hovered silently above a two story apartment.

Columbus Ohio, Monday, December 2, 2013 at 5:48 a.m. driving to work on 5th Avenue, just as I came off of Woodland Ave and was driving East on 5th Avenue I observed a light formation that was very bright and unusual in the sky on my left that was low in the horizon, just above the trees. Unsure what object was I had no speculations.  I was able to see object clearly as I approached Harvey Court on the 2000 Block, it was hovering above an apartment complex on the North side of 5th Ave. Cube or box like object approximately 120 feet above the apartment building and covered approximately a 4000 square feet area. The best way for me to describe this object is to picture a square box and then divide it into 4 lateral parts, take the top 1/4 of the box and that would be the shape of the object. This object was stationary as I approached it, I was moving East. It started moving West just after I passed it. It had 3 huge round white lights on one side and smaller round red lights on the underside corners. The 3 white lights were facing West and I could only see 3 red lights due to the angle of the object. The red lights were steady and did not flash or change color. It was dark and it was cloudy and overcast that morning so the sky was a solid whitish color which acted as a backdrop for the object which allowed me to see the shape and size of said object. The object had no color, it was like looking at a black void. I have never seen anything like it, so I find it hard to describe. It made no sound as I passed it, the object was stationary. I looked forward for traffic, looked back over left shoulder and it had begun moving slowly west bound parallel with 5th Ave. Still no sound being made by this object. Traffic is very light at that time in the morning I debated trying to get to my cell phone for a picture but decided I would probably miss something digging for the phone.  Looked forward for traffic and looked back again, at this point 5th avenue is downhill. I was unable to see anything else due to trees around building and slope of street.  I got to the red light at Sunbury which is the bottom of the hill, look around in my mirrors but didn't see anything else. I was unusually calm during the whole event and I am still trying to process what I have seen.
