{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-06-08 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495208","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64236","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2397,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/208/mufon-5495208.json","updb_database_id":5495208}
{rjl} oval shaped object with central strip of alternating flashing lights observed in sky hovering and zooming in and out

After dropping a friend home after Sunday evening youth service, my sister and I were heading home. I glanced at the sky from my car window and saw a shape with flashing lights. It didn't look like a plane or a blimp (blimps were fairly common sights at that time for advertising). I stopped the car and watched, trying to figure out what it was. My sister wanted to know why I had stopped. As I watched, I noticed the general shape- a round to oval shaped object with a central band of lights around the middle, almost like windows. Each "window" lit up in sequence with a pause as the the sequence must have continued around the back side of the object. The sequence went from my left to right. The window flashes were not uniform in color. They ranged from blue to yellow to orange. Suddenly it darted to the right, changed direction and traveled up, and then came back to almost the original location. I was stunned and told my sister that I thought we were seeing at a UFO. I pulled into a driveway and watched through the front windshield as the object continued to dart and hover. It then traveled straight out and away from us, getting smaller. It stopped, darted right, came back toward us becoming larger. It hovered, moved right, came toward us more, becoming larger. I backed the car out and headed to my friend's house. I wanted her and her dad to see it, too. I told my sister to watch it and it started to travel away from us. By the time we got to my friend's house, it was very small, like a star, and getting fainter all the time. It just disappeared. My sister, who is 3 years younger, never really looked at it, and has no recollection of this event today.
