{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-23 10:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292208","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111116","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2303,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/208/mufon-5292208.json","updb_database_id":5292208}
Object flying

We were in the living room and my wife saw something in the sky. thinking it was just a plane said nothing but did notice it was a weird shape. she then told me to look after it shined in the light. when i looked up out the window i could tell what it was. we have seen commercial planes,helicopters, hot air balloons in the past but this was nothing like that. we watched it for a while as it moved East over the sky. The shape of it looked like it was a triangle or a V shape. My wife had also said that it had moved in different directions when she first started looking at it and what brought her attention to it was a bright light in the sky. 
the object was also looked like it was moving in weird angles/rotating and couldnt think of anything that moved like that because as it moved in the same direction it looked like it was reflecting light while moving and rotating. we followed it movements across until we lost sight of it over the trees. 
I am a bit of a skeptic but also want to believe it was something normal but while searching couldn't find any information of planes taking that same path nor have i seen planes move in the same path before. this couldn't be a plane because it was darker than what we have seen before. being close to an Army base we have also seen military helicopters before and it looked nothing like it. ruled out it being a bird. looking in the sky the rest of the day trying to debunk it, i did see planes but they were very different. following its flight path on a map it did look like it was moving in the direction past the army base but also interestingly enough was moving towards Lucas Heights which i thought was interesting considering its history.
