{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-06-14 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482360","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77602","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2780,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/360/mufon-5482360.json","updb_database_id":5482360}
{cak} abduction for extended periods of time?

I do believe that it was mid summer 06 or 07. I was riding my bike down lakeshore dr. Heading north out of ludington, mi. To my parents house witch is about 5-6 miles out of town. It was around midnight and ive made this trip excessively around that time in my life. There are few lights down that stretch of road. I left a friends house between 11:30 and midnight to go home, which is usually between a 20 min-40 min bike ride depending on how I was feeling. I made it a little over half way that night and was coming up to the last street light in that area before turning on to another road. As I was riding in the darkness toward the light I felt a sudden skip in my sight and did not feel right, disoriented. I stopped and stepped off my bike to collect myself. It seemed like I glitched up the road 10 or 15 feet. I got on my bike after that and continued to ride home not really thinking much about the situation until I got home and looked at a clock. I started to panic a Little because it was just after 5 am. Like I said the trip only takes 40 min max. Around 5 hours were gone and the only logical answer was this skip. I believe in e.t. and this event just blew my mind because of the fact that if I was abducted, they seemed to pick me up and put me back all in motion on my pedal bike. Ive never came across any kind of this information doing research. Over the next year id say there were 2 other skips either walking or riding in that same area. They were not as noticeable as the first one or what I assume was the first. The second one I barely noticed and I'm not sure the time I left town, but I think there was an half hour to an hour missing. The third time I felt it wasnt even noticable. I just felt the same feeling and assuming. Ive had a few significant paranormal events around that time in my life and the greatest one was on the same stretch of road. This is making me question the case of abduction. Thats a different story. Id like some feed back on this and see what the experts think. Id like to say that I'm a very logical person and these event make me uneasy even today. Thank u for your time reading this.
