{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-08 14:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487360","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72307","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2501,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/360/mufon-5487360.json","updb_database_id":5487360}
Chrome sphere crossed our path

We were outside with family, myself, my wife, mother-in-law, brother-in-law, and his girlfriend. It was a surprisingly nice day in Manitoba for being November 8th, so we were all outside enjoying the sun. My brother-in-law said, "look at that plane, it looks so clear", and indeed, the air was very clear, and the plane seemed exceptionally well defined. Seconds after, my brother-in-laws girlfriend said, "oh my god, I think that's a UFO". At first I only saw the plane so I wasn't sure what she was talking about. I asked her to point it out, and sure enough, there was a silver/chrome reflective object that was heading in a roughly eastern direction. It appeared to be perfectly spherical. Our latitude and longitude is 
1 Latitude: 50.787 
1 Longitude: -97.066

we looked up in a northern direction, and I believe we were able to see the bottom and side of the UFO. I am not sure of its size, because I am unable to estimate its height, but it was not higher than the plane I do not believe due to the fact that even though the plane was so well defined, it was not as well defined as the UFO was. It's possible it was a few thousand feet up, and in our field of vision it was smaller than the plane. The plane was heading in a south-southeast direction.

There was no sound, and no seeming method of propulsion. It had no trails, and did not move in a way we seem to think normal aircraft that operate on lift seem to operate. Maybe that's projection on my part, and I'm not sure how things that operate on lift seem to move through the air, but this did not seem to move that way, it felt like it was being pulled on a string (as in it was in a perfect line), not that it was being propelled by thrust against wind resistance. Again, take that last interpretation as you will, but it was definitely odd. It was a sphere that just felt like it parted the air.
