{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-26 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502360","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56646","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4507,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/360/mufon-5502360.json","updb_database_id":5502360}
{nd} Many separate sights over an hour of orange glowing orb type objects.

Beautiful sunset May 26 2014 Molokai Hawaii south shore. Thick thunder clouds had passed over the last couple days and now were accumulated many miles to the south with the storm moving west. The cloud line rose to about 20 degrees above the horizon. The rest of the sky seemed to be totally clear for 180degrees. So when the lightning went you could see the top of the cloud it came from. Thats what had me watching the horizon out my parlor window. It was well past dark and about 8pm when I decided to take a run to the store to pick up a few munchies for later. As I was driving the 1/8th mile to the store I still had the corner of my eye trying to catch the lightning on the horizon but instead i caught a sight of a light that seemed out of place. I could only catch a glimpse here and there through the houses,power lines and trees so it had to be no higher then 30degrees or so off the horizon. The further I drove the more the trees blocked the view. So I kept going to the store. When I got to the store I jumped out and kinda walked backward looking southeast toward where I thought it should be. No dice. Until I got to the entrance of the store and looked directly south down a side street that if it kept going would end in the ocean about 500 yards from my position, and saw the object moving from east to west in a descending ascending pattern. Like a ball bouncing but more smooth and controlled with a steeper decent and lesser curve on the ascent. Would have to say it was at least over the ocean which was 500 yards probably way further. It got about two "bounces" and out pops another one following directly behind it. So at this point im standing in the entrance of the store backward looking out toward the ocean. Its a small store and the counter is right there so I turn to the lady and say theres UFO's flying around out here. Two ladies come out and watch as they take their last bounce and head out to the south west upward and disappear. So I go inside buy my chips and candy and one girl is still outside looking out and around. The other girl follows me out. We look around and sure enough to the south east at about 50 deg from the horizon a stationary orange star. So I point to it and ask the girl thats not the right color right? She says no. So I start walking to my truck to get home and get my camera. As soon as i start my truck as I am watching bam it vanishes. So thats the first and second and even third sighting i guess. So I drive home asap and almost bang a few parked cars because im staring at the sky. Run inside grab my camera and go out on the porch. I filmed three different objects in three separate videos between I would say 830pm and 930pm. These objects have a orange hew they all seem further away and higher in the sky then the ones the ladies and I had seen in town. My video is crappy and shaky and goes in and out of focus because it is a digital camera making video with lots of light pollution. The stars are not visible in the video but are totally visible for a hundred and eighty degrees from the camera point besides the 20gress above the horizon where the storm clouds are. I also have a video of military helicopters flying in the same area a week or so before. The difference between the heli's and whatever these are is unmistakable. Also jets and planes fly by all night everynight and look much different. This is high traffic airspace jets and such dont just turn off their lights around here. Oddly the choppers did and thats why I filmed them. Again though the choppers were a week or so earlier. I will post One of the UFO vids and the one of the choppers from a week prior.
