{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-03-15 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549360","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"4558","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4131,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/360/mufon-5549360.json","updb_database_id":5549360}
Felt presence in my apartment (somewhat expected), something was "bumped" in the bathroom a few feet away, then I spoke (knew someone/thing was there), then, approx. 45 sec. later, my g.f. & I heard sound never heard before, with no doubt of it's source.

I have always looked into "forbidden" or "taboo" subject matters, studied religions, mythologies, legends, etc.

During this time period (I can't be certain of the dates, but I believe it was in Feb. or Mar. of 2004), I had been reading "The Dulce Papers" online, & seemed to find alot of answers to questions & just generally helped me piece together alot of events/encounters I've witnessed/experienced.

Late one night (actually, it was around 3-4am), I was sharing a few of these details with my girlfriend on her computer (which was about 5 feet away from the bathroom). While I was speaking with her about some of the specific details I found some sense & reason with, there was a sudden silence, then, I paused (feeling something unsettleing), then, something fell into the sink (in the bathroom a few feet away).
 I had a feeling (at that time) that I had been under closer observation than before (I don't want to sound paranoid, but I've actually got some collaborating witnesses, who don't realize what exactally they've been near...sorry to be so vague...don't want to write too much without knowing who's on the recieving end).
 After hearing something "fall" into the sink, I said something (to anything that might be in there), waited (was actually pretty scared, my adrenaline was definately flowing), after about 30 - 45 seconds, we heard a whirling kind of sound (difficult to describe) that neither of us had ever heard before, but thjere was no doubt WHAT that sound was (this apartment building was about 1/2 block long, the sound cam from the side where the BBQ's are...there's nowhere close by that could've justified this sound...too far from street).
I then phoned the local police (which, by the way, was right across the street...maybe 150-200 yards away).
I requested a unit to do a quick drive through the alley & surrounding area of the building. When asked to state what I thought the sound came from, I replied that I'd rather not state an opinion, but that I knew what it was...the officer did not sound surprised or even curious for some reason (it struck me as rather odd, seen as how this city would not be the kind of place where anyone would expect for something like this to take place...you'd have to know Glendale, I guess).

There is, of curse, some significance (I believe) with other times I've witnessed/experienced/noticed.

**somewhat related...I'm attaching a digital sketch (or Painting) I did freehand, from scratch in the Program "Corel Painter IX" about 6 months ago. Although, I never saw a being during the event described above, this is aomeone/aomething I had encountered for 5 or 6 consecutive nights in 2001 (approx. 20 sec. ea.), then once more early morning, a few months later.

I have reason to believe that there are some important details I may have, to somehow help, inform (or something...).

**side note - I am a two time Emmy Award Winning Animator, not some bored paranoid freak (I may be a freak, but that's just me...lol).

If someone can contact me, I'd apreciate it.
Thank you,
-JM
