{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-12-21 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456360","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105236","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2804,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/360/mufon-5456360.json","updb_database_id":5456360}
{rjl} Beginning at 6:30pm Sat Dec21 I witnessed a total of 48 brilliant objects individually appear in succession.

Saturday Dec. 21 at 6:30pm Tucson Arizona, as I was taking trash out I saw a faint light in the south western sky that seemed to emerge from nothing and as it flew it immediately became very luminous and as large as a penny held at arms length. The objects light appeared silver glowing and had formed a black center that suddenly expanded outward like an iris. As the object formed this iris the entire object became extremely brilliant and flashed in one great burst of light that had a feeling message for me to stop and I did. This object then flew to the NW followed by another smaller silver glowing object that also flew NW in a single file. The big object flashing had grabbed my attention and after the smaller object had flow some distance there seemed to be another object in shadow just outside of this space that then emerged flickering into a brilliant silver sphere as large as a penny held at arms length, making no sound this sphere flew to the NW in a straight line after the first two, separated by miles. After some moments another object appeared in shadow to burst into brilliant light when it had emerged into this space or so it seemed to me. This third object/ sphere was exactly as the one preceding it and again this object followed in a straight line . After a few moments another appeared brightening and following to the NE. This pattern of objects from the shadows appearing and then becoming brilliant as each succeeding sphere then flew after the previous object until nearly 15 minutes had passed and there was an unbroken string of glowing spheres stretching out over the Catalina Mountains to the NW so that the distinct impression I experienced was of a string of pearls circling the entire earth. This impression was complete at some point. In total 50 individual objects had somehow emerged into the space over Tucson. I didn’t know what to do with this since I have no video. Then there are too many questions circling in my mind. 50 ships. I’ve never seen 50 anything’s flying at one time except birds. Surely I’ve never seen 50 jets in the air at once.
