{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-15 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505360","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53501","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2640,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/360/mufon-5505360.json","updb_database_id":5505360}
{cak} lights observed over Birmingham

At about 7:30 pm local time I was parking my car after returning home from grocery shopping with my Boyfriend. We live in Hoover. As we parked I noticed several red lights in the sky infront of us (to the north over Birmingham). I did not count but estimate that there were 4-6 red lights in a perfect line, followed by a white light, then 3-4 more red lights. There may or may not have been a red light below the main line of other lights. (I seem to remember, but was more focused on the main string of lights. 

The lights were moving west at a speed consistent with what I have seen with airplanes in the area. Looking north I can often see airplanes in a holding pattern to land at BHM. At first, I thought this was several airplanes, but as I watched, I observed that these lights appeared to be connected, as they were remaining at a uniform distance from each other and were moving at the same speed, etc. I could not see any vehicle or lines or anything of that nature. only the lights. They appeared to be the size of stars and were not blinking or pulsing. I did not hear any sounds.  The lights must have been bright because we were parked in a carport with a light overhead and I could observe the lights very well, unlike dimmer stars, for instance. 

The Full moon was out and low on the horizon at that time and in my estimation the entire string of lights was 4-5 full moons accross, so if it was one object with the lights, it appeared to be large. It would be bigger than any airplane or blimp. My assumption is that it was far away from me because I heard no noise and the lights were star sized. But again, it was dark and if the object was closer to my location, it would be smaller than what I am guessing.

The lights were observed for about a minute before they disappeared behind a tree line. 

My boyfriend and myself saw the lights. one other neighbor was parking at the time and likely heard our conversation, but did not comment on seeing or not, so I assume they did not see it.
