{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1958-05-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492265","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67283","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5309,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/265/mufon-5492265.json","updb_database_id":5492265}
{dr}Various crafts at different sizes and shapes for different purposes

I was born in May, 1951. My brother is 18 months younger; my sister 5 years younger. We lived on a dead end street. No one some of these things until in was in my 20's. My sister thought it was a dream that terrified her. My brother just mentioned it last week while watching Hanger 1. 
I have no memory of leaving my bedroom, which was upstairs. I think I was 7 or 8. I would wake up in the empty field beside our house. Sometimes I was alone, sometimes my sister was with me. On one occasion, and there were many, I was alone in the field, looking up at all these objects in the sky. They were of various shapes and sizes. They made humming or low frequency buzzing noises. It seemed the only one that terrified me was the upside down cone: it was a dull whiteish color but it had a black dot at the tip that swirled upwards as it floated in the air. It scared me badly...I thought it was bad.
I wanted to run away from it, but couldn't move as if literally frozen with fear. I would wake up the next mornings, still feeling the fear, but didn't talk about it. 
Another time, the Pixies would come and get me. They would be with me in my room, but then we'd be someplace else. It seemed I would be in my elementary school, and they were floating outside the building. I could see them wanting me to float with them, but I was running down the school steps to get away from them. I thought it was a game.
One time the policies came and took me someplace different. I was never afraid of the policies. They were short, like me, and they were always smiling. The didn't have any hair, but that was okay because they were Dixies. 
Anyway, this time they took me to a big, silvery white room with other people standing around...but not people. I don't remember what they did, but two of the policies holding my hands were saying..."Don't be afraid little girl. Don't be afraid."
The next Tim I woke up, I was in a circular type room where these cold silver slabs came out from the walls for beds. 
I woke up, naked with a sheet blanket covering me from my neck to my knees. I couldn't move really well. I turned to look to my left and there was an adult man, who was asleep with the same type of blanket on him.
Toward the bend of the room, which had subdued lighting around the rim at the top of the room, I heard a swish sound. As I was coming more awake, I started to sit up. At the door was this insect-reptilian type thing with its arms crossed, smearing at me. Suddenly the two policies came in, laid me down took my hands and were telling me not to be afraid. They always called me little girl.
One of the scariest was when they had taken both my sister and myself. There were the usual ships in the air, including that cone, which terrified my sister more than it did me. 
Suddenly there was a very tall man dressed in a long white robe. The others seemed afraid of him. Although he stood back a few feet, he told me to get my sister to the little walnut tree which was in our yard. He said if we would stand with our arms around it, one on each side, and hug each other tight, staying under the branches of the tree, we'd be safe and they couldn't take us. My sister will not talk about this to this day. 
Just last week out of the blue, my brother asked me if I remembered those things that came in the field while we were outside playing and we would run inside crying, because we were afraid. Strangely, he remembers the daytime encounters while I do not.
The ones I remember all took place at night. 
For the past several years, I've always known when they were coming. I don't know how often they've managed to get me. I can tell you that I wake up fighting and kicking them. The last I remember was two years ago. 
Since I fell, two and a half years ago, I can sometimes feel them around but I don't think they're taking me.
For years I tried to sketch that thing in the doorway of that room. Finally a year ago, I was able to draw it, and the room. I have felt better since then.
I have had prerogative dreams since my early teens. Sometimes as I'm going to sleep I can see my room as if my eyes are open even though I know they're closed. I know things about people that I have no business knowing. 
I've explained things as best as I'm able. 
It's not easy, and sometimes I still feel the anxiety. 
Oh, and...lights in the sky still make me afraid until I can figure out what it is. 
Thanks for reading this. I don't know what you may make of it, but, there it is. 
One more thing, I other abductees seem drawn to me without knowing whyet I always know. 
If I can answer any questions, just ask. 
Thanks
