{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-06-01 19:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486265","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73450","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2578,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/265/mufon-5486265.json","updb_database_id":5486265}
{dr}Saw it from car. At home heard it went outside and witnessed it just above the house

My grandfather was bringing me home and I saw an object floating in the sky. I kept my eye on it until we got close to my house, when we pulled into my driveway my older sister was running home from her walk saying she was watching something in the sky, I said I had been watching it also. We looked in the sky at that time and could not see it. Approx, 45 minutes later my mother, me a friend of mine and her mother were in our living room when we heard a low vibrating sound, woo woo woo woo, we stepped outside into the front yard looking to the sky, we kept walking toward the sidewalk looking up, it was daylight but close to dusk when we saw it hovering over our house the house next door and the driveway between them. It was round and it had large round pulsating lights around the whole bottom of it. We were froze but not frightened, I don't know how long we stood there, I don't believe we were talking at all while we were staring at it. Then it made no sound and lifted straight up into the air. We stood there and stared at each other for what seemed like several minutes after ward trying to wrap our heads around what we had just seen. Later that evening when it had gotten dark we heard it again , my mother, myself father and sister ran outside to see anything, but we saw nothing.
We never reported it, I was only in 7th grade but my mother and I talked about it on and off for the rest of her life because I just wanted to reconfirmed that I had seen what I'd seen and heard what I'd heard. She confirmed the same story every time. I know what I saw and I know what I heard. It was just above my house there was no way to mistake it for anything then what it was. We saw a lot of unusual lights and activity in the sky that summer but nothing as clear or as close as that.5
