{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-14 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482265","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77700","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2485,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/265/mufon-5482265.json","updb_database_id":5482265}
{cak} Brilliant blue, green, white and red objects moving independently and randomly in sky.

I am writing you about my own sighting (last night) because your organization seems like a logical place to start.

In any case, I was feeding my horses last night - about half way between the towns of Monte Rio and Duncan's Mills (West Sonoma County, Ca). This is away from bright city lights and offers a very good view of the stars at night. At around 9:30 PM, I happened to look up at the hills to the north west (near where the sun had set some minutes earlier), and from this point in the sky, I witnessed 7 individual lights move in from the north west (where the sky was still somewhat lit up from the setting sun), and they moved in right in the sky directly above me.

3 of them were a brilliant green color, 2 of them were an intense cobalt blue, one of them was white, and there was one faint red one... They did not move in a pattern - they were moving randomly...some circled back and then back again, others just zoomed in and looked as though they coasted to slow stops... They all moved with a fluid motion - the best analogy I can come up with is that they moved like fish in water. They would accelerate effortlessly and then coast for a while before either accelerating again and/or changing directions.

I watched them for at least 10 minutes before some of them simply disappeared and others started moving south east. A few minutes after they were gone, 2 more showed up (coming again from the North West) - A green light and a white light this time. They moved again randomly, but more or less stayed in the same area for several more minutes before they both also started moving to the south east - although the green light moved in directly behind the white one as they departed in what looked like an upwards (away from the earth) and towards the south east direction.
