{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-31 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502265","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56746","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3405,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/265/mufon-5502265.json","updb_database_id":5502265}
{dr}Cloaked UFO looked like photoshopped image moving in my field of view through binoculars

I had just gotten home from a long trip back from NJ and wanted to use the new binoculars I had obtained from my father. I find that using binoculars is the best way to view the night sky because you get dynamic movement and get a better field of view than with a telescope. I walked out my back door unto my deck and adjusted the binoculars with the brightest object visible at the time which was Saturn about 20 degrees over the tree line. As i looked at Saturn I noticed just below it what appeared to be a constellation of stars with about 6-8 stars in it. They were dim, like the stars that are much further away but the entire field of view seemed to match perfectly as far as color, shading, contrast, brightness. In other words nothing looked odd except that these stars caught my attention. I focused mentally primarily on the four left most stars in this particular "constellation" then what seemed like a second or two later this "constellation" moved. All 6-8 points moved in unison against the night sky which I noted was stationary. I could see the other objects in the sky not moving except for this "constellation". The best way I could describe it was like I was using a photoshop picture of the night sky then used a lasso tool and selected this constellation then copied and pasted it over the picture of the night sky and I could drag that small layer anywhere on the picture of the stars behind it. It moved upward, what seemed to be about 10-20 degrees in elevation then stopped and moved down about 5 degrees then I lost sight of it. There were clouds in the sky and bluish heat lightning which I observed. while tis was happening I called out to my wife twice to bring me parer and a pen so I could draw what I was seeing. I was looking through the binoculars and didn't want to lose sight of it or had them to her to see so I could still track it. I felt physically shaken and slightly nauseous probably from witnessing what had just happened. The "cutout" had a similar shape an airplane in that it was larger and thicker horizontally than vertically but had a protrusion below it sort of like a wing or a minute hand on a clock pointing at about 4 or 5 o'clock. I've included a picture of what I saw. I use an app on my phone called "Sky Chart" to show what I was looking at and where the object was. The red dashes in the picture where not visible but are an aid to show the approximate shape of what I was. It could have been any size but my impression was it was the size of a small city. The white dots in the red dashed represent the "stars" I saw that moved in unison.
