{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-11 03:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487265","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72404","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4096,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/265/mufon-5487265.json","updb_database_id":5487265}
{nd} I saw what I thought was a star shining light down n a dark neighborhood

I dont care if this sounds crazy. When I was very young I believe I was visited by small aliens with large black eyes. I thought they were ghosts and it was a dream/nightmare. They wer so short, and my room so dark I could only see they were light colored, dark eyes, their mouths were opened in an "o" shape and they had skinny arms that moved so fat they were blurred. I was hovering next to my twin bed above the ground at bed level and they were performing what I thought to be an operation of some sort over my torso. I could move nothing but my eyes and could not scream. My room was so dark then I passed out.

At approx 3:15am this morning I started dreaming about them. I never dream about them unless they are close by. At first they were all over the audience in a concert by some 80's rock type band. Then when I saw them all in hoods this time I ran but could not escape. Then I found myself in a darkened neighborhood. No street lights on, no lights from houses, everything darkened except for what appeared to be a bright star directly over me illuminating my area where I was standing and some exteriors of darkened houses. Then I felt like it came closer and closer and suddenly I was in my current room. Lying in the exact position I was lying in and unable to open my eyes or move and they were in my room between the bed and the window. My bed is about 2 feet from the window wall. There were multiple and in the dark a green flash came from the corner wall where my feet were. And I could feel an energy source what I would describe as pulling my body but not moving me . It did not hurt. More like an intense internal tickling but not so tickly. Dont know how to describe it. It jus was. I dont know what the hell they wee doing but they were in my room again almost 40 years later. I believe the dream preceded what was really happening. I could not wake up but was able to eventually wake myself up and did not stay passed out this time until morning. I could not sleep and checked the clock it was just about 3:30am. I woke up my son and made him get in bed with me. Hes just 13. I didnt want them effing with him. His room is way darker and secluded. I fell back to sleep about 4:15am with a light strip on and my son beside me. They came back with him in the room at some point after and I could see it all but could not move or get myself up this time I was paralyzed and could see them in the glow of the strip light coming from my floor. They were on that side of the bed again near my son. I fought it and eventually forced my way up in bed. Then they were gone. I had a sense that I felt they wee harrassing me at that point. What ever that could mean ! They were singing a weird song in my head. "We missed you, we really really really really missed you". F weird. Maybe I dreamt the song part but if anyone knows what its like to be visited , when they are near your dreams will suddenly shift to incorporate them , then somewhere along the line you wake to understand the experience you are having with them is real and you crossed over the blur of your dreams into what is happening current. Weird s---. I know it all sounds weird and fake but this is true. And though they have not visited me that Im aware for about 40 years , over the years when they are near (flying over) I feel like I can sense that and then I dream of them. But they were in my f room I saw and felt it all.
