{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500265","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58846","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2831,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/265/mufon-5500265.json","updb_database_id":5500265}
2 bright white lights moving around in sky leaving white streaks in sky

I walked out onto my patio to have a cigarette, just as I stepped out onto the patio I saw a bright white flash of light in the sky to the east if me and thought I had seen a shooting star, however as I caught the tail end of the flash a bright white star like object seemed to be at the end and still in the sky. It was clearly very far away but it was sitting just above the line of my neighbours tree. I thought this was odd so I kept watching it. Visibility was clear, no clouds that could be making it pulsating or flashing the way it was. It appeared to be moving slightly as I was measuring its movement in regards to the tree. Every so often it would dart quickly and move position so it would either be to the left or the right of the tree. When it darted into a new position there was a very quick streak of light that would be left behind that quickly disappeared. Whilst I was noticing this particular object another to the right of it was moving in a similar way, sometimes closer to the other object and sometimes further away, or sometimes higher than the other object and sometimes lower, this one too had the same light streak whenever it moved very quickly into a new position. The light on the right then began to ascend and move further east whereas the other light was staying put although every son often still moving position, but getting higher in the sky. I then to the south of me caught glimpse of an airplane heading Eastwards because the night is so clear dye to the enlarged full moon and no clouds I could easily make out it was an airplane. It was flying much lower than the two bright white lights, it was moving at a steady but slow pace and there was an orange emergency light flashing. I watched these two white lights for 30 mins but they hadn't gone away by the time I came in here to report it. It is worth mentioning that the light on the right appeared to be heading further east as the light was getting dimmer, but then came back come down lower again and becoming brighter in line with the other bright white light. I am sorry if this seems a bit garbled. Never done or seen anything like thus before but felt it was worth reporting.
