{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-11-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484265","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75573","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4049,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/265/mufon-5484265.json","updb_database_id":5484265}
{dr}heard strange language during meditation . was paralyzed, then something was inserted under my left eyelid and rested behind my left eye. extremely painful. when regained movement, saw the object hovering over my house then it moved to the tree line

I was meditating in my room, a remodeled attic in a house on the side of a mountain in western Massachusetts. during my meditation I heard strongly, a language that seemed organic but almost computer like. I shook it off, ans continued meditating. I heard it again, but it didn't go away this time.I was then paralyzed, in a cross legged meditating position, and what felt like 2 metal b.b's (like pellet gun bullets), entered under the top half of my left eye lid, and rested behind my left eye. it was excruciatingly painful. it was accompanied by an extreme pressure in that area, that then seemed to spread to my whole body. My whole body felt like it was swollen, and as the pressure spread, the localized pressure behind my eye dispersed throughout my body. after this sensation, I was able to move my body again, so I went to the bathroom. honestly thinking that I was just going crazy. 
in the bathroom,I noticed that all my veins were popping out of my skin and I could see my skins circulatory system more clearly than ever before. my roommate was a nurse, so I went to her room and asked her to examine me, and sit with me til I felt better. 
in her room, I laid down, and my brain went completely blank. I couldn't even think, it was a feeling of totally blankness, nor could I talk or move my body. I laid on her bed for what seemed half an hour, unable to move, then little by little I regained my thought process and could move my body. when I sat up, she came over and stood in front of me. I was sitting in front of a window, and she screamed and,pointed outside. there was a massive object, looked like half a football field, with a square bottom, hovering less than 100 feet over my house. as we saw it, it began to move very slowly southwest, to the tree line about 100 feet from the house. it had one light on each of its,bottom corners, but it was so large I couldn't really see the shape of the rest of the object. just the bottom. we watched the object hover over the tree line for a long time, until we couldn't bear to watch any longer. 
the following months, my thought process was completely different than ever before. my mind was analyzing the material makeup of everything around me, and my emotional connections to the world seemed to be wiped clean, and it felt like I was collecting all brand new data. I was specifically aware of the space in and around buildings, as though the space itself was a measurable material.
it took me about 3-6 months to feel like myself again. but I still suffer from chronic dull pain behind my left eye. I have nightmares, and struggle with fear around deep meditation. I love meditating so this sucks.
I just feel like I was just used as a data collecting device. I have a long history of psychic and telepathic experiences, and feel that this may have attracted them to me somehow. 
I also remember that their voices sounded surprised and started to whisper, almost as though I wasn't supposed to hear them and they were like "oh s**t" but,proceeded with an anesthetized implant anyway.

thanks for reading my story, and I'm doing ok. I feel humbled and enlightened, and look forward to continuing my meditative practices.
