{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-02-20 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460265","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101030","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2596,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/265/mufon-5460265.json","updb_database_id":5460265}
{cak} I first heard some weird sound, then I looked on the window and it flew away very very very fast

I was playing on phone and then I wanted to drink some water. My granny is living next to me so I don't have windows in my room but hers had. I stood in four legs and getting closer to the bottle, not to wake her up. Then I heard a weird portal sound. It had a fade like from the A1 zone was going to A2 zone. Anyway I thought it was a car so I stopped, waiting for it to cross the street. The sound stopped at A1.5 zone, right in the front of my house. Then the sound got louder and louder and then I heard it back in A1 then A2, then A1 and A2 again very very quick. I got confused so I took a look on the window and then, I saw a strog light that made a sound of a portal or high tension cables and it just flew away with an incredible speed. I couldn't move. I was sweating a lot and started to cry. In that moments I was thinking "What am I going to do? Go to granny? Go to daddy? mommy? call anyone? what do I do? Go in my bed? What if they saw me? What if they come after me? What if? What if? WHAT IF?" but then I decided to go in my bed. Then I remembered that I have my phone so I decided to write dad a text. I couldn't open my phone with fingerprint. My fingers were wet. After I unlocked it I send my parents a text but they haven't reply. I had an one last hope. My best friend. I wrote her a text wishing she have Wi-fi. She recived it! I was so happy! I explained to her everything but I haven't solved much. Now I know where my proof is! Our neighbours have cameras! I tried to tell my dad that I need that recording but he doesn't listen to me! The truth is that I'm a bit nervous cause probably they didn't had the camera on or maybe it didn't recorded it but if it has sound, I KNOW that I have a proof. And if it doesn't have sound or didn't recorded it, at least I will proof that it wasn't a car! Anyway the light was so strong that it's impossible not to record anything. What can I do?
