{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-11 22:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488265","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71384","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3574,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/265/mufon-5488265.json","updb_database_id":5488265}
{cak} Large Diamond shaped pulsating craft - hovered, disappeared, reappeared, extremely bright

Took out the Sunday night trash at 11pm and smoked my cigarette at the entrance to my garage when all if the sudden I noticed a diamond shaped craft seemingly jump out of the sky/stars and pulsate in the night sky. I immediately felt extremely uncomfortable and thought maybe I caught the tail end of a very bright shooting star as the craft dissapeared, but within 10-15 seconda it reappeared even closer for about 8-10 seconds and grew much larger before skimming up towards the sky even higher. The craft seemed to look like the North Star every time it would pulsate/vibrate to a stop before totally disappearing. Then every 10-20 seconds it would reappear in a vibrating/pulsating bright glow and literally seemed to be mimicking the North Star every time it stopped. It is an absolutely crystal clear night tonight and this experience just occurred a little over an hour ago. It seemed to be super high in the sky, like it was outside the atmosphere and as far away as the stars but it would appear very close at the same time. The craft appeared to be gigantic, diamond in shape that would glow with a vibrating white circular center and white edges that would become almost transparent. The entire event took about 3-5 mins to completely dodge above my roof/house and be out of sight. I felt extremely uncomfortable and still feel uncomfortable and shocked with goosebumps as I type this. During the experience, I saw a second object that mimicked the main object briefly before darting across the sky faster than anything I have ever seen. Both objects moved quickly and slowly but faster than anything I have ever seen when they moved around the sky at high rates of speed. I did not see any of the typical man made objects in the sky (planes, satellites, helicopters,) during the experience, but did see them on their normal paths a few mins after the experience ended. I held my hand at during the experience to block the only light in my neighborhood that was on to make sure I had the best view possible and when the second object appeared my hand felt warm like I was holding it up to a distant fire or welders torch. I have never seen anything remotely like these objects in my entire 30 years and never felt the way I felt during this experience in my entire life. I still feel very uncomfortable and awkwyrd. I thought that there had to be an explanation and looked up online what did I just see in the night sky!? The space station website showed up and I filled out the information on my location and time and it was nowhere near me. I could not find one video online that even resembled what I saw and experienced and I felt overwhelmingly compelled to somehow report this experience. I work in a Church and want to remain anonymous but had to share my experience. Please offer any help, explanation, or insight that you can if possible. Thank you for your time.
