{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-04 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501265","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57798","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7938,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/265/mufon-5501265.json","updb_database_id":5501265}
{nd} An orange-colored orb/air craft emerged from the southern skies, slowly flew in a generally northerly direction for three or four minutes, reversed course, and then disappeared.

While watching a "warm-up" fireworks display in Giles Co., VA, on Friday evening, July 4, 2014, at around 09:15 PM, we noticed an orange-colored "orb" slowly approaching our location from a nearly due south direction, from a distance of several miles away. This twilight skies were generally clear, and visibility was quite extensive at this time, so one didn1t have to strain 1at all1 to see this approaching 1craft1 of unknown origin. The object, which we witnessed (and undoubtedly scores of people at this fireworks event did as well), was "clearly not" any distinguishable form of 1traditional1 military or commercial aircraft, large "Chinese lantern", weather balloon, commercial hot-air balloon, star, comet, meteor, etc., nor did it have FAA beacon lights, etc., as neither its physical description, motions, movement, etc. during this event were not consistent with such. In other words, I1ve personally witnessed the aforementioned examples of cosmic and aerial phenomena, and this, clearly, could not be remotely described as any one of them 1 that is, it was clearly 1none of the above1. 
In any event, the object in question, again, approached our general location/direction from a nearly due-south direction, and seemed to travel at a slow, apparently-steady speed, although there was a very slight, but visually-noticeable, 1wobble1 or oscillatory type motion/movement associated with its flight mechanics/path) that seemed to be present for most of its (exposed) flight duration. Although I did personally witness this object 1suddenly1 appear, or make an entrance into the southern skies, when I did notice it, it was already in motion, and heading in our general direction. The object, which was a bright, "orange-colored orb" (clearly noticeable and larger than a typical star in the night sky), appeared to move along a somewhat steady flight path and altitude the entire time. Although its flight altitude was indeterminate from the scene, one might guess that it was at least a couple of miles high, although clearly within the cruising altitude range of today's commercial aircraft. Futhermore, I didn1t sense any 1pulsing1 or 1pulsation1 associated with this craft during its flight, but then again, given the fact that I witnessed it from a distance of miles, and without the use of a telescope, binoculars, etc. on this note, I just couldn1t be sure enough to comfortably opine.
After the object slowly made its way towards our location (again, along a near due-north trajectory), for a span of about three or four minutes, it seemed to 1stop1, for a few seconds, while in mid-air, and then slowly reversed course direction (making a near 180-degree turn) and subsequently 1disappeared" about a minute (or less) later (i.e., after course reversal) - despite the fact the sky cover at that time was 1very marginal1, and certainly not thick enough to suddenly 1veil1 or 1cloak1 this craft, after almost immediately. 
With regard to any noises1 (i.e., exhaust, sonic booms, etc.) emanating from this aircraft, no discernible noise was noticed, although given its altitude and distance from our location during the entire event, this is understandable. There did not appear to be any discernible exhaust or 1contrail1 in its wake either, so as to what form of propulsion system it was using is open for debate at this time.
As for the distance the object appeared to cover during this three or four-minute flight event, one would be relegated to speculation, but given its relatively slow speed (seemingly at or below Mach 1, or standard commercial aircraft speed), and the fact that it was only visible for a total of approximately a three or four-minute period, one might assume that it only travelled a few dozen miles or so during the time it was visible in the sky. Whatever the case, at the time the object reversed course, it still appeared to be several miles from our location. As indicated, its flight path was generally along a somewhat-northerly trajectory 1 one that appeared to be slowly approaching our direction (and the "warm-up" fireworks display, which had just started about fifteen minutes earlier?). 
Although one person I our party tried to get a few photos of the craft, all he managed to get (after hastily-attempting to zoom in on the craft) was an orange, blurry streak. This person was caught off guard and tried to get the best photos he could, but none actually 1turned out1 that well, or provided any definition of the craft 1 clearly not enough to warrant submission for analysis. This was quite unfortunate as this person is not really a camera 1novice1. I would presume he was just so wrapped up in attempting to get a good photo that he made some 1rookie1 camera mistakes. What a shame as if he had used his video camera, then 1that1 should have yielded some salient video for review. 
To reiterate, in terms of the object1s size and appearance, it appeared to be quite a bit larger than the adjacent stars in the backdrop of the night sky, and was clearly visible to anyone that would have looked in its general direction. In fact, I1m quite surprised that dozens of people didn1t start running around and pointing up at the sky, etc., even if they did, from my vantage point (along a tree-lined street, in a residential setting), I didn1t see much of that. But hey, given that this 1unexplained aerial phenomena1 was unexpected, and the fact that the crowd was eagerly anticipating the impending (1main1) fireworks event (which was due to begin at any moment), and simultaneously enjoying some live music, etc. the minds of this generally-rural crowd may have been generally 1distracted1, and thus left unaware of the southern skies during this (apparent) three or four minute 1flight event1, which we witnessed. Although we did continue to discuss the object amongst ourselves, we didn't actually get out amongst the crowd to alert them of our discovery as again, and/or discuss it with them as again, the crowd was then enjoying the live music (in a direction away from the aerial phenomena) and eagerly anticipating the impending, and 1main1 fireworks display. But I digress.
So, whether or not this intelligently-controlled aircraft was 1terrestrially-based1 or not, or else some 1military-based1 or 1black ops-related1 aircraft of some sort (which seems somewhat doubtful given the craft1s seemingly innocent and 1investigatory1 movements/nature towards the fireworks location), who can say? As for it being some sort of black-ops/1secret drone1 of sorts 1 well, not this thing. There was nothing clandestine about this object (other than its quick disappearance). In fact, it would seem safe to say that any drone used by whatever 1spook agency1 would clearly not construct it as large, or have it so brightly-illuminated as this 1craft1 - that would be ludicrous on the face of it. To be sure, this object was so brightly-illuminated that everyone could clearly see it. Consequently, in regard to assigning a 1traditional1 cosmic or aircraft 1explanation1 for this object 1 such would not seem applicable here, at all. So was it even terrestrially-based? Who can really say, at this point.
