{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-15 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516324","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41800","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3978,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/324/mufon-5516324.json","updb_database_id":5516324}
Collection of Orange/Yellow lights - Ascended from the horizon formed a triangle then a square then dissolved

Came home from grocery shopping and sat down on my balcony(Faces North with full view of the horizon). Pearson Airport is N/NW with down town Toronto directly to my east(My condo is down town, on the west end)

The sky is always active, I always watch air planes line up to land at Pearson and regularly watch helicopters observe traffic or medical helicopters going to and from the hospitals. 

I instantly noticed the objects in the sky as out of the ordinary. I've lived in my condo for 4 years and have spent countless hours on my balcony watching the sky and city(I have a great view!!). The objects had a Orange/Yellow glow - constant light - and was immediately contrasting to the other objects in the sky at the time. I counted 3 air planes lined up to land and another coming in from the NW. There was a Helicopter also leaving one of the hospitals. The objects, although lights in the sky were obviously and clearly different. 

At no time did I think they were anything other than UFO's. It was that clear to myself that these objects floating in the sky were not an air plane or a helicopter and were something I had never seen before. I brought my wife to witness with me and she could not say what they were either. At first she said they were planes, until I pointed out other planes in the sky, then she said they were a helicopter and I pointed out the helicopter now heading S/SW towards our condo from the hospitals. Ultimately she could not identify what the objects were after comparing with the other craft in the sky. 

At first 4 objects were very noticeable(brighter than anything in the sky) approx 15KM(could have been further but I estimate they were in the vicinity of Downsview Airport). The 4 objects were settling into a box formation with another coming/appearing above them. Now 5 in total two slowly faded/dissolved away and another was coming up from the horizon. The one rising accelerated up and stopped abruptly with two of the three remaining joining it to form a large triangle. They remained in formation for a couple minutes with the odd one out simply staying in position above and to the right of the triangle. The formation changed to a right angle triangle and at that point the odd one out started to dissolve. That set into sequence the others and they too started to dissolve with the last one remaining bright then instantly disappearing. 

I felt excited to see them and was confident that I was seeing something that neither myself or my wife could identify. 

I managed to grab two pictures of the objects with my SLR. I took them with very high ISO3200(the pictures are noisy, what looks like stars are actual noise on the pictures) as I didn't have my tripod in the condo and was shooting by hand. In hindsight I should have dropped the ISO on the camera and used a stool or something with a slow shutter to grab a clearer image. I was simply trying to take note of what I was witnessing and ensure I wasn't crazy. By the time I came around to thinking the better camera techniques the objects were gone.
