{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-13 16:19:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497324","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62041","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3372,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/324/mufon-5497324.json","updb_database_id":5497324}
{cak} Apparent daytime stationary star above ATL airport approached steadily by chevron/delta shaped object over 7 minute period

Sunday October 20, 2013 I was driving north on I75/85 and had just passed ATL Hartsfield airport when I glanced up through the open sunroof and noticed what looked like a bright daytime star and a second delta/chevron-shaped darker object directly overhead at apparent great altitude. The airplane flight paths are farther south of the sighting location and run east-west so there were no planes immediately visible, but significant highway noise. I pulled the car over to end of next on-ramp immediately north of airport and noted time at 4:19 PM. The daytime "star" was easily visible (not extremely faint as might be expected, if at all detectable during the day) and seemed stationary the entire time. The delta-shaped object was pointed toward the "star" and initially about 9" away from the "star" at arms length. The left "wing" of the delta object was a dull metallic grayish color while the right side appeared dark red color. Size of the delta object was approx 1/4" at arms length. For the entire 7 minute sighting, the delta object held perfectly steady in terms of speed, northwesterly direction, and apparent altitude. No bobbing, swaying, dipping, change in yaw, or other motion except to move very slowly and steadily toward the "star", always keeping its nose pointed directly toward the "star". After approx 7 minutes the delta object was approx 2" at arms length from the "star". At that point a large cloudbank (est 8,000 feet?) which had been approaching from the east in a west/southwesterly direction blocked my view of the objects. I estimated it would be 20 minutes before the cloudbank moved over and I was not stopped in a safe spot, so I continued driving north, stopping approx 10 miles north to look skyward again, but saw nothing. I checked the news that night and the following day to see if anyone else had reported these but found nothing. What is particularly odd is these were directly above the busiest airport in the world, at apparent high altitude, and the delta object moved in a direction other than the cloud-level winds, steadily at only 1" per minute at arms length. I have excellent vision and had a very clear view for approx 7 minutes. My thought is Hartsfield must have had it/them on radar unless they were well above the 60,000 foot controlled airspace ceiling. It did occur to be at great altitude. No guess as to what the delta/chevron object was but clearly not a plane or other conventional aircraft. The "star" could have been a star, but so bright during the daylight? And coincidental that the delta object was moving directly toward it? Wish I had my video camera at the time...
