{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-02-23 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289324","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114033","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6159,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/324/mufon-5289324.json","updb_database_id":5289324}
Bright yellow egg shape unidentified flying object

I caught this footage on Tuesday, February 23, 2021 between 9:30-10:00PM. I thought it was the moon at first coming out of the clouds but it looked strange because of the shape and transparency. It looked like a blowing bubble that’s when I got a really weird feeling and realized it was Egg shaped and bright yellow as it moves out of the clouds. I was shocked at the movement of this object because it was gliding and floating. The way it was moving, the speed, direction, and the brightness of this object was unreal because it almost looks transparent at times. I was like the moon does not move like this and stars don’t. Plus, during the pandemic I’ve gotten into watching the sky using Sky apps and binoculars so I knew this was something extraordinary. This video I feel does NOT do it justice because with the naked eye I was able to see more detail. I am very happy that I recorded as much footage as I did because the longer you watch this object and observe it’s movements through the sky that’s how I feel I was able to reply and debunk the negative comments on Instagram because reasons people gave me were it’s the moon and it’s just an overlap of the clouds making the moon appear to be moving. I didn’t go through all the footage before posting the beginning of the video but I realized the longer I watched I saw that I did capture some very compelling footage that shows this wasn’t an overlap in clouds making the moon appear to be moving like a mirage. You can clearly see the light bright egg shaped object go in, between, and through clouds over and over again. 

I attached the videos I took from the UFO sighting on Tuesday, February 23, 2021. I posted it on Instagram and got some positive and negative feedback with some saying it was the moon. Even, though I stated in my caption when posting that I use SkyView apps. So the following night the moon was barely visible which gave me the opportunity to get pictures,record the moon as well as use my Sky apps to locate the barely visible moon to prove to people that the Sky Apps I was using worked just fine. I attached the moon video and images so you can also do a comparison for yourself. 

What made this even more incredible was that 2 other strange paranormal activities have occurred during this month of February. On Thursday, February 4, 2021 between 2:45-3:00AM I started to hear odd noises similar to “THE HUM” so I turned my video recorder on to see if I could capture the sound but when I played the video back at first I’m like wow you can hear it then all of a sudden this loud static just takes over. The baffling part is that the static is only heard on this recording. I decided to open the video clip using Adobe and what was even more interesting was that the spikes indicate my voice and there is no other activity indicating other sounds. Also, I was talking throughout the video but you don’t hear me because of the static but I thought it was interesting how the spikes were still popping up. So, I have also, attached that video for your opinion. 

The last thing to happen before the sighting was the week before on Wednesday, February 17, 2021. I was watching a documentary on the Montauk Project actually and out of nowhere there was a loud, vibration boom sound that literally blew out the power in the entire house but immediately came back on. This was really strange because I was upstairs and my mom was downstairs and when the Boom Sound happened we both started calling out for each other. Plus, the fact that our power went out but came right back on was no coincidence. That’s when I googled “Loud Boom Sound” Long Island, NY and this article from 2016 popped up. See Below:

[link moved to Investigators report section/ CMS/fgc]

Unfortunately, I did not get the Boom Sound on recording but what’s very compelling was the power outage and the fact that this phenomena has occurred in Suffolk County in Babylon, Bay Shore, West Islip, which are all in 5-10 miles oof one another. I also, came across that 
Suffolk County is ranked #1 for UFO Sightings and that speculation goes to “The Great River Triangle” that is made up of 3 towns which are Great River, East Islip, and Oakdale. My sighting was in East Islip on the border of Great River. 

See Link Below- [link moved to Investigators report section/ CMS/fgc] 

Hopefully you can add more insight, thoughts, and opinions on to what I have experienced and if I really am experiencing paranormal activity or phenomena that can’t be explained.

I attached the video of the ufo along with a picture of the moon the following night with a video of the moon for comparison. Along, I attached the screenshots I took while using my SkyView Apps to show that it could clearly identify the moon behind clouds and my app does work. Lastly, the hum/static recording.
