{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-04 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491799","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67757","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2796,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/799/mufon-5491799.json","updb_database_id":5491799}
{dr}If It Wasn't Most expensive Drone hoover craft, Then It Was Legit UFO !

At Home on west side of Campbell CA. Me and sisters friend planned to light off illegal firework soon after others in area started theirs,)we had only 1). we went to the school literately next block over to go light it off at 9.40 P.M. We rode our bikes as not to get noticed, ( remind U we both r over 40 yrs of age). It was dark and their were a group of local kids with an adult at other end of field. As I was looking out to make sure their were no authorities around, I noticed An "object". Low and Close! U could not notice it! Fire works going off in neighborhood and this object slowly moved straight up! straight Right, straight left, straight down, straight up, for Ten Minutes! Over neighborhood! This is also what was undeniably noticeable!, Flashing ,two color lights only! Sharp Red( 5 seconds), sharp green (5 seconds), sharp Red (5 seconds), sharp green( 5 seconds), continuously for 10 minutes! I pointed out to My sisters friend and he saw! I think he couldn't accept what he was seeing because he just wanted to light the fuse and leave, but i kept pushing 4 him to acknowledge what I was seeing! He lit the fuse and we rode off. He went back home and I went to go get closer,( as it was no more than a mile away). I rode square mile and hears 2 men talking about it. I stopped and asked "what did they see". Kind of same reaction like my sisters friend. Not Sure! They called it a drone. As I rode square mile I had sight of it but stopped seeing it. It took me total 15 min till I got back home. And their was my sisters friend in the front when I got back talking to the neighbors in the front. And the object was back! Viewing from the house now it continued to do same! UP.DOWN,Left,Right. Only in STRAIGHT LINES! They pretended not to notice. I have a feeling their R A lot of others who feel same! Doesn't make sense that someone very local with supper expensive drone would only bring it out this 1 time on the 4th of July 2015, in a very close nit community ? I saw it slowly move away towards Saratoga, Cupertono area. I Really would like It to be proven it was something not E.T.! Kind of Freaky!
