{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-07-17 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459799","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101665","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4662,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/799/mufon-5459799.json","updb_database_id":5459799}
{rjl} Incline Village, Lake Tahoe 2 UFOs

Approximately 1988 or 1989, witness in early 20s, on a date with witness of similar age. Dark summer night, no clouds, stars visible. Witnesses walked along boulders on NE quadrant of Lake Tahoe, between Incline Village and Sand Harbor. Suddenly a bright light flashed above the lake. Witnesses looked north from approximate location near Sand Harbor toward Incline Village; observed what appeared to be a ball of light falling toward the lake elevation. At first witness believed it was a flare shot by someone on a boat in the lake, and it would fall into the lake. The ball, however, fell behind the mountains north of Incline Village, leading witnesses to conclude it was not a flare but that object was much larger than previously believed. At this time several people gathered among the boulders by the lakeside as they had all been startled by the falling light. All parties began to discuss their observations and what the object might have been.

During this discussion, witnesses observed what they believed to be a satellite at an altitude high above their location. The object was a small, white dot in the sky to the west of Lake Tahoe, moving slowly. Many of the witnesses, including this reporting witness, had seen satellites in the past. The object now observed by the group was satellite size, at high altitude, and the witnesses all speculated that perhaps it was a great distance away, perhaps over San Francisco at the time. Within approximately one to two minutes, the object stopped, and began a steady "fall" from the sky. There was no sound. The object "fell" in what appeared to be a controlled fashion until it reached the western horizon, directly west of Lake Tahoe's western shore.

It then began a very controlled, methodical "beeline" right for the Lake. This startled the witnesses, all of who stood and carefully observed. The path of the object was approximately west to east. All witnesses had abundant time to observe this path, since it too approximately one to two minutes for the new object to come over the lake, hovering at horizon level, until it came to a position over the area where the original object "fell." At this time, object flashed a brief white light over the area where the original object fell. It then slowly, in a controlled fashion and at a slight "left to right" or west to east angle, descended to the area where the original object fell, until it too disappeared behind the mountains. Since it was dark, the mountains were essentially silhouettes. 

This second object was not illuminated in any way. There appeared to be three to four white lights along its frontal edge. The sky was not pitch black, but instead was a dark blue. The object itself appeared black and was darker than the night sky. It was observed as a somewhat triangular shape, however it did not appear to have sharp angles and was instead made of gentle, curved angles but in a triangular fashion.

After this second object descended below the mountains, all the witnesses spoke for some time about their observations. This witness and his date determined to drive as close as possible to where both objects descended. All witnesses eventually departed from their locations where they observed both objects; this witness never had contact with any of them again. Witness and his date proceeded to drive toward where the objects descended, but were never successful in getting close to that perceived location, and abandoned their efforts, eventually driving home.

This witness recalls something being written in the local paper, the Reno Gazette-Journal, about people in and around Washoe County, including the Reno area, reporting lights in the sky that evening. This witness never saw anything further, and subsequent efforts to find internet-based reports, the news article from the RGJ, or any archived information has proven fruitless. Witness lost contact with his date in the year after the event, but does know her name and knows that she still lives in the area.
