{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-12-07 12:44:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5461799","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"99251","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2854,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/799/mufon-5461799.json","updb_database_id":5461799}
White Elongated Rectangular UFO spotted in Taupo, New Zealand

I was driving on State Highway 1 from Taupo towards Taupo Airfield in a South Westerly direction on Friday, 7th December 2018. At 12:44pm, on a clear sunny day (with minor clouds) to the far left I spotted a stationery bright white coloured elongated rectangular shaped object hovering on top of the embankment. 

I was completely amazed and was unable to pull off the road since I had traffic behind me. At first I thought it must be some new radar device since it is near the Taupo Airport but I quickly eliminated that thought since the object’s base was non-existent. It just quietly stayed in the air, hovering without turning at all. My GPS displayed 1.8 kilometres from the traffic circle (which was up ahead - passed the Airport).

After I continued to drive onwards almost 200 metres, I pulled the car over but since the embankment on my left continued to obscure my view, I was unable to see and continued to drive for another 200 metres (still looking to my left - to see whether I could spot this object again if it were to move)... 

As the embankment cleared, a gap appeared where I was able to see a line of trees in a field and to my utter amazement, the same object (or it could have been another), hovered just a little lower than the tree line (in front of a tree) in the far distance. I was totally shocked and have reported this sighting to Taupo Airport but have had no corroboration of my sighting at all.

As I thought more of what I have just witnessed (whilst continuing to drive), I realised that the UFO had two diagonal stripes on right bottom corner (pointing inwards). This I haven’t realised at all upon witnessing the object - it may have well been some kind of subliminal image that was imprinted in my mind. 

I am to this day very perplexed to what I have witnessed and it is plaguing my mind. I am just very disappointed that I had no other passenger present in the car whom I could have shared this experience with.
