{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-09-14 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465799","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94950","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5601,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/799/mufon-5465799.json","updb_database_id":5465799}
{rjl} 7 red-orange orbs in Peoria, IL sky on 9/14/18

First of all, I am not a night sky watcher, astronomer, UFO
hunter, weather tracker or any form of such things. I might watch a UFO
documentary once in a while, but I want nothing to do with aliens, both
fictional or non-fictional. I happen to know a few of the constellations
from school and my father. I saw Neptune through a telescope once, out of
state. I know a little bit about weather but this is the extent of my
experience with such things.

I was crossing a parking lot to go home tonight and I saw a strange man
cross my path. I looked up and he turned to look at me. When I realized he
wasn't interested in me I just watched him for a couple seconds and then
something caught my eye overhead of him. When I realized what I was seeing,
I turned to see if the man was still around because I wanted to draw his
attention to the lights but he was already gone.

I looked up to see two reddish-orange orbs flying upward in the north sky. I
just stopped to watch them. Usually, there are planes that cross this path
going south to the nearby Peoria Airport. The lights were big like the
lights of a big plane nearby. They were spaced far enough I thought they
were the lights you see on either wing of a plane. Only one problem, there
was no plane in-between or attached to these lights.

I watched them ascend, in a slight curve and then turn right (my left) and
as they went over this one spot in the sky, they dimmed, almost turning
white and completely fizzled out. There was a single light coming up from
the tree line, same kind of light but single. I watched it ascend, also take
a right turn and disappear in the exact location as the first two. But
again, before it completely disappeared there was another light ascending.
Also, these were doing this as in formation and pace and such.

All together, there were the first pair of lights and then 5 single lights
after - 7 lights total. Every one of them disappeared in the exact same
spot and in the same manner. I was searching my brain for an explanation of
what these were: planes, weather balloons, hot air balloons, falling stars,
fireworks, comets, Chinese lanterns, helicopters, flares, you name it, I was
thinking about it and ruling each one out. 

I am colorblind with reds/greens/browns and can see these colors if the
brightness and hue and lighting is just right. When Mars was visible people
would say, "Look how red it is!" And I could not see this for the longest
time. At one point, when it was at a different location, I was finally able
to see a faint redness to it. These orbs were very distinct, bright, true
color-there was no question what color they were.

Because I was coming home from a bunch of errands, I did not have my digital
camera with me and I was not wearing a watch. But it was somewhere between
9:00 PM and 9:30 PM and lasted close to 5-10 minutes.

I was also questioning how the orbs just disappeared when I saw the first
two and thought it was just a plane turning and making it skinnier from the
angle. I also thought about the fact that maybe this set of lights went
into/behind a cloud. But it didn't take me long to realize, there's no
clouds! I could see the big dipper to my front left, another constellation
(forget the name) to my front right and I could see a cluster of stars and
individual stars where these lights kept disappearing.

I scanned the sky to see when I would see the lights again and it was
evident that when they looked like they fizzled out, that was the last I was
going to see of them. It almost gave the impression they went into a door,
portal or whatever it was, to make them disappear. I waited after the 7th
one for almost 5 minutes to realize that the show was over.
The thing too, is that had they turned to make it harder to see them, they
would have eventually straightened out and I would have seen them again.
This did not happen. I rushed home, set all the stuff down, grabbed my
digital camera and went back out there. I waited around another 10-15
minutes; I was hoping to see something again but nothing else happened. 

I called NBC WEEK 25 to inquire about this sighting and was transferred but
no one answered and it did not go to voicemail to leave a message. I then
decided to E-mail them but no one has responded as of yet. I have also been
scouring the internet for the past two days, to see if anyone posted this
sighting, to no avail. I really want to know if anyone else saw these and
possibly know if these orbs are indeed UFO's or drones or something else. I
only know they are nothing I have ever seen before.

One last thing I would like to point out is that when I was back out there
with my camera, a plane went overhead that was very high-the height of a
cross-country flight. And I could see it fairly well, the blinking lights,
the movement and such and the orbs I had seen earlier made this plane pale
in comparison.
