{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496799","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62580","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":11265,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/799/mufon-5496799.json","updb_database_id":5496799}
{cak} egg spaped, saucer, bright balls

If I may, I must digress, because My experiences go way back to childhood and I believe would peek your interest.
 In, or about, 1962 in NYC, Manhattan, Mid-town, close to the Hudson River, I had My first experience. I was 4 years old at the time, but very sharp and understanding of such things, as UFOs and Alien Abductions. Why? Because it seemed to be happening for generations of My family, which made it easier to communicate to My elders and other relatives. Most of My relatives that lived at one time or other in the Caribbean, primarily Puerto Rico. Puerto Rico, which even today is a hot spot for UFO activities.
 Well, as I was saying. My story, for a lack of a better word, because story doesn't give the right tone, or feel.
 I was 4 years old at home with My Mother and baby brother in the living room, when a strange shape seemed to glance past our window. It was a window that displayed the hudson River area, where ships once docked, or were mored by the Navy.
 It was silver in color, rounded like a saucer shape, silent, but gave off a weird vibe to the body. i turned then to catch My mother's eye and attention, but by then She was leaving toward the bedroom with My baby brother. So, I decided to investigate via the front living room window were I first sighted the object. It had a fire-escape, which most NYC apartments did at the time, and followed it across and then up it went.
 Once I assured My Mom that I was going to sit out on the fire-escape, I proceeded to go out. There is were it got scary for sure. Instinctively I felt something weird happening to Me, like a mental communication entering My mind, pulling out the window. It was then that I resisted, but curiosity got the best of Me. So, I saw these two creatures climbing down towards Me asking for My hand, and all I thought was "NO Way". Believe it or not, it was mentally painful to resist. It terrified Me, and still does since then. Yes, I did tell My Mother and that's when She told Me about her experiences, and that of Her sisters and Mother. It didn't seem to surprise Her. It was as if She had been awaiting for one of us to one day tell Her about Our encounter.
 Since then, I've had numerous encounters, some more extraordinary than others.
 One of the encounters that stand out more than any other was the experience I had on Fort Dix, on January of 1978. There I was in the Military, The U.S. Army, as a [Designation removed(1)/cms/tg] covering range exercises in the field for Basic Training Units. 
 I was heading out to Freedom Ridge, an area used to simulate combat for the Basic Training Companies. They, the soldiers, learned to perform in a field environment and live for a couple of days with their Drill Sergeants. We, the [Designation removed(2)/cms/tg], covered the ranges in shift of two every 12 hours. I, along with another [Designation removed(2)/cms/tg], were scheduled to cover the night shift, which was from 8 p.m. to 8 a.m. and We stayed in a modified single wide trailer, which also served as [Designation removed(2)/cms/tg] Station, in case there were any injuries We could treat them and get them back to Garrison and the hospital ( Ireland Army Hospital).
 So, to get to this site We drove routinely through Texas Ave, passing McGuire AFB, then a left towards Freedom Ridge, which is where the incident occurred. And before I go further, I must say that I saw a case finally on t.v. that showed this incident, and boy was I elated, because I had told just a limited number of people this, and I always felt as if I were looked at as being crazy. This episode had totally vindicated Me and My story. My Wife must have told Me to shut up a million times there after, because I kept repeating it, because I was so happy it came out. 
 Well, the article called it the Fort Dix/McGuire AFB Incident. So, here it goes. It was in January of 1978 about 7 p.m. and We, there other [Designation removed(2)/cms/tg] and I, were preparing the supplies and food for the stay in the [Designation removed(2)/cms/tg]al Trailer, and We hit the road at about 7:15 to 7:30 p.m., and yes We were running late. We usually left about a quarter after 6 p.m., but yes, We used to drive very fast,especially since, once off of Texas Ave. it was a straight shot to Freedom Ridge. On this day, We, I being the driver, turned left off of Texas Ave and to the road to Freedom Ridge, when an usually colored craft caught My eye on the left side of the road. I mentioned it to My friend, but He stated that He wasn't paying attention to the road. So, I continued the journey on. There is a check point that is approximately half way between Texas Ave and Freedom Ridge, and I hadn't got there yet, when I saw it.
 It was colorful, bright,pulsating in a circular motion, very close to the ground, but not quite on it yet. I turned to "S", as I called My friend the [Designation removed(2)/cms/tg], and asked if He seen that. He looked and I saw the terror on His face, which was accompanied with " GET THE F#*+ OUT OF HERE". He out ranked Me, but I had to check it out , I told Him. He said "NO". I was going to do what He said, but just then I saw multiple aliens running like crazies around the field, so I got out of the Field Ambulance, which is what We drove to the field, and decided to investigate, bull@#$% I thought it was the coolest @#$% I ever seen to that point. "S" was terrified for sure. I mean to scare "S", it has to be extremely terrifying, because He was one tough dude. He was about 30 years old, muscular( muscles on His muscles), very macho, not to mention He was the pride of Panama, but today, that night He was chicken little. By the way I was 20 years old and a Private First Class, He was a Sergeant. So He had Muscle and Rank, yet He was cowering in the corner of the passenger side of the field ambulance. He was reduced to a scared child like image, right before My eyes, which only convinced Me that what I was seeing, was truly amazing.
 So, I looked back at Him one more time and asked if He'd come with Me, which He said "NO" and "Get Your Ass Back In Here Now". I didn't want to put our Friendship and professional relationship in pearl, so I did the one thing that wouldn't jeopardize it, I pretended not to hear Him :-)
 Then I entered the woods, following the creatures, and now a serious commotion developing in the woods, with what sounded like police lights, bull horns, and various flashlight devices. Then a single creature/alien came across Me and stared, and I stared. I heard a couple of shots in the field of woods and then I looked at the being again and felt a sorrow like feeling come over Me , like a sadness or despair. I then had a weird feeling over come Me, then I was on the side of the Field Ambulance, where "S" was still seated, but differently, because now He wasn't slouch in the seat cowering in the corner. He was upright, in a very proud demeanor, as He usually carried himself. I reached in and shook His shoulder and said "What's Up Man", but he replied "Get in, We got to go". I asked Him, "what happened?" He replied "Let's Go", so I got in and started driving toward Freedom Ridge, though for a while We both looked like Robots, just sitting there stiff and quiet. Then, as I was driving I saw the ship at a distance and civilian and military vehicles driving like mad men through the gates and up and down the same road I was on, accompanied by helicopters and trucks, but I kept driving, because Smethie looked as though He was either going crap or cry or even both.
 The next thing that happened during this crazy episode was the time We had arrived at the [Designation removed(2)/cms/tg]al Trailer. Remember We had left Sevenish (p.m.), yet We arrived at approximately 11 to 11:30 p.m., and boy was the first shift pissed. They were yelling how F#*+ We were for arriving late and that they weren't going to relieve Us early or at 8 a.m. the next morning, because of the tardiness. "S" and I looked at Our watches, because there was no way We could've been late, which is why We were arguing back, until We realized that they were right. How, I don't know, but it was true, We were late by about 4 hours, yet it seemed like, at most, maybe a hour. Freaky !!!!
  Once "S" and I settled in to the [Designation removed(2)/cms/tg] Trailer, I approached Him to ask about what had happened and what's up with Him, and He said " shut up and go lay down I have the first watch, which I reply, respectfully, "NO", You lay down, because quit frankly, He looked Like @#$%. No sooner did His head hit the rack, when He fell to sleep.
  I wanted to report it the next morning to the Air Force, or who ever gets the report, but when I asked "S" to back Me and support Me with My statement, He said "NO, leave that @#$% alone, that might be @#$% of the devil, and I'm not @#$%ing with it and You shouldn't either. You don't have much time in the Army yet, so don't @#$% with that, leave it alone. I don't want to remember." In His defence, I must say, "S" was VERY superstitious, like most Panamanians are. He always talked about voodoo, the devil, the black or evil eye, things like that. I know of that stuff, but I don't give it much thought, and I'm Puerto Rican. Not all of Us get freaked out about that stuff.
  Then strangely enough, I had seen a program about some guy off of Cape Fear in North Carolina, Fayetteville, talk about His experience, and I must say, He was right on the money with the descriptions of both the alien and the ship, vehicle, craft, etc... I saw it too. I don't know where and when He saw it , but I did too, numerous times. Guess where? My back yard, and I'm not far from the Cape Fare River. I even had some landing marks on My back yard. I first seen it when We moved from Cumberland County to Bladen County, which is as country as it gets. That was in 2005 when We arrived and it lasted till 2008, and then it picked up again. Once again, I was validated by someone's account. Kool !!! So I can personally tell You, that Man is not a Flake, He's on it. 
  The hits keep coming around here. It used to be that it was a common occurrence. Sighting are, or, seem to be periodic in nature, but they happen. I'm not sure, but it may be associated with the near by Air Force base, which We have several around here, plus an airport, and a large military Base , Fort Bragg.
  Oh, if You're wondering, I have continuously been experiencing UFOs throughout My life. It didn't stop in 1962, or between that and 1978, or even now. And My brothers have had similar experiences too. It's in the family.
