Case No. 1341 25112020

Date: November 16, 2020.

Approximate Time: 20:20 hours.

Meteorology: N/A.

Season: Spring.

Witnesses: G. T. V., 40 years old.

Description: The informant reported having filmed what he qualified as
anomalous aerial phenomena on November 16, 2020, around 20:20 (HL),
from the commune of La Cisterna, Metropolitan Region of Santiago.

He characterized the reported sighting as three spheres, with a "fading
gray" coloration, that flew in a straight line with gentle inclinations.
speed changes, from "east to south" to disappear "from the mountain range to the sky". He did not see them directly.

He ended his report explaining that (sic) "... after it seems that
it returns, enters the frame at great speed and gives the impression
that it joins with another object. When reviewing the video in slow motion,
I noticed those curious objects. Birds have erratic movements,
that's why the uniform and high-speed movement of those elements
in relation to the recording speed caught my attention."
The user's location was georeferenced at coordinates 33° 31’ 22’’ S, 70° 39’ 31’’ W and 582 meters above sea level (Figure 1), with a clear view to the east.

Figure 1.

It was verified that the supporting footage for the report was not digitally altered. By studying the metadata contained in the information, it was defined that it was taken at 20:20:47 (HL) on November 16, 2020, with the main camera of an Apple smartphone, model iPhone SE.
Figure 2 was created from an extract of that video, showing a detail of one of the reported phenomena.

Figure 2

Based on both the flight pattern and the timing of the video, the hypothesis of a biological origin, associated with a bat, was raised. Therefore, independent analysis was requested from the specialists at the Laboratory of Wildlife Ecology (LEVS) at the Faculty of Forest Sciences and Conservation.
Nature of the University of Chile. (November 30, 2020)

The LEVS reported that the footage shows the flight of bats.
Due to the distance of the specimens, they were able to determine that
This document describes incidents involving individuals of the genera *Tadarida* or *Myotis* (01 December 2020).

Figure 3. *Tadarida brasiliensis*.

The "bat" or common bat (*Tadarida*) is referred to as "cola de ratón" (rat-tailed bat).
The Brazilian species (Ceasine brasiliensis) measures 9 to 11 cm in length and weighs 9 to 15 grams. The ears are broad, not exceeding the tip of the beak when erect.
extended forward. It has a 3 to 5 cm long tail,
which protrudes and allows it to be distinguished from any other species
that inhabit the Metropolitan Region. It has a silky, short coat,
brown in color, a narrow face. Extremely long and narrow wings,
which allow it to fly quickly. It is a gregarious creature,
insectivorous, feeding primarily on lepidopters (moths), beetles,
dipterans and mites. In the Metropolitan Region, it has been reported
between the communes of Tiltil and Alhué, and since María.
I paint up to San José de Maipo. (Figure 3)

Figure 4. Myotis chiloensis, "rat-eared bat". Photograph by F. López Berrizbeitía PCMA.

The "rat-eared bat" (Myotis chiloensis) measures 8 to 10 cm in length and weighs 6 to 10 grams. It has small ears, a slender, long, and thin skull. Its fur is silky and bicolored, with shades of brown and ochre that vary according to geographical location. It is insectivorous, being able to feed on mosquitoes. In the Metropolitan Region, it has been reported from the communes of Colina to...
Alhué, and from Melipilla to San José de Maipo. (Figure 4)

Images: A 5:15 minute video recording.

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the report; the geographic, forensic, and photographic video studies that underpinned the case, and the result of the consultants consulted, it was concluded that the flight of bats of the species Tadarida brasiliensis or Myotis chiloensis was filmed. Case classified as biological origin.
