{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-22 23:36:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481373","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78649","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2506,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/373/mufon-5481373.json","updb_database_id":5481373}
{rjl} 4 lights headed NW then Two different multi collored lights sparkled in the same area.

Battle Lake, MN. I was getting ready for bed at about 11:30. The wind had picked up off the lake and I decided I should go check to see if the windows were closed on the Mini van my parents own. I walked outside while also brushing my teeth. It was clear night to the north and the moon low over the eastern horizon. As I walked down the driveway towards the mini van I noticed four lights in the sky travelling together in a perfect diamond shape. Basically a square rotated 45 degrees. Three of the lights were white yellow with one flashing red on the front or rear. At first I assumed it was a jet but something about the speed it was moving was different. It seemed slower than a jet or airplane and lower to the surface. I watched it for 10 seconds cross to my left to the NW when I spit out my tooth paste and ran inside to get my mother who was watching TV. I hollered at her "UFO!" and I ran back outside to find it again, she walked out and saw the four lights as it passed further to the NW. The lights went behind some arborvitae bushes we have so we went to the street where we have a clear view all the way to the horizon. The four lights sort of faded into the distance and we thought we had seen the last of it, but the reapeard and was at a distance where the four lights had basically converged. The lights then flashed and sparkled between red, blue and white and faded in and out. Then another same lighted object appeared and the two of them moved kind of up and down from each other like the old video game pong.  We watched for about ten minutes just kind of excited and not sure what we were seeing. We watched for five minutes then headed back inside pretty excited. About ten minutes later i went back outside to look again and one of the flashing lights was right there where we had left it.
