{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513373","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44901","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4029,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/373/mufon-5513373.json","updb_database_id":5513373}
{dr}Bright slow moving orange flame with a dark red outline and a light wing on left side but not the right

Fairfax, CA: Last night at 11:59 PM (12/31/12) the firecrackers and cheering started. I was sitting in my office (a separate unit from my house) drinking a glass of wine. The family was out of town and I was home alone with the dogs on NY Eve. I had just finished work for the day/year. The dogs all started barking inside when the firecrackers and cheering started.

The office faces SW. As I looked up to the sky to toast the New Year and the end of the old, I noticed a bright orange, vertical shaped oval with a red ring around it about 30 deg above the horizon that appeared suddenly. It was ~10X larger than Sirius. On the left side was a light outline of a V shaped wing with a hollow center but there was not one observable on the right. It moving slowly with no sound, toward the NE and passed to the right of Sirius and the Belt of Orion. My first impression was it was some kind of fireworks or bottle rocket, but then I realized it was moving toward me and wasnt flickering or exploding like fireworks and was further up. 

It was difficult to judge the height but my guess is that it was greater than 1000 ft. The oval was in a vertical orientation and did not appear like it could be aerodynamic which was puzzling.

It was cold and I was standing outside w/o a shirt. I watched for several minutes but when I started shivering, I ran into my office to grab a sweat shirt.

I thought to myself, it probably wont be there when I come back out. I was gone for < 3 sec and when I looked back up it was gone. I just stood there laughing and saying WTF (? )to myself. I didn1t want to take my eyes off the sky to notify or question any neighbors but was "sure" I couldnt be the only one that had viewed this as it sounded like a lot of people in the neighborhood were outside partying. I imagined that whatever this was, it was taking interest in all the festivities below, which is why it suddenly appeared right at midnight.

Then suddenly a 2nd, identical object appeared back again at ~30 deg above the horizon and a little further to the left (South) than where the first object appeared. It followed the same course and when it approached 90 deg from the horizon it also suddenly disappeared. Now I was really puzzled as to what it could be and wondered how the 1st object could have gotten back to the same spot where I first saw it so quickly?

Then a few seconds later a 3rd identical object appeared back ~30 deg from the horizon and followed the same trajectory as the first two. This time a vertical light beam shone above the tree in my neighbor1s yard. The beam lasted for < 1 min and was subtle but real. I could not see the beam being emitted from the object but couldnt imagine where else a vertical beam could have come from. I started getting a little nervous and it seemed as if these narrow strips of earth were being scanned from above.

The a 4th identical object appeared and followed the same course but this time vanished just to the right of Sirius which was ~70 deg above the horizon at this time. 

The entire incident lasted from 11:59 PM-12:20 AM. I went in to check on the dogs, who were all very happy to see me and wish me a happy NY. We stayed outside for about another 1/2 hr but saw nothing else. I have no idea what I observed but I have never seen anything like it.
