{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-24 13:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475373","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84932","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2640,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/373/mufon-5475373.json","updb_database_id":5475373}
{nd} white cigar object came from N into cloud, dark cigar from E into cloud, white left back to N, dark one gone, cloud disappated

I was outside doing yard work. I'm always looking up, day or night. I looked up at the clouds, early afternoon (1:30pm CST). I saw a cigar shaped, light colored (white?) object heading South from the North toward a cloud. I then see a dark object heading from below, assuming from the East, but definitely from below, toward the same cloud. I was thinking the dark object was a large bird, just gliding. The objects were similar in size from my viewpoint. I just assumed the white one was further away, since I thought it to be a plane. I saw the white object enter the cloud. I then see the dark object enter the cloud. I then see the white object leave the cloud back in the direction it came from, back toward the North. I continue to watch for the dark object, and do not see one. I glance back to the white object, it is continuing on. I look back to the cloud, and watched it dissapate as it blew it's way South over the next few minutes, never seeing the dark object again. I did look to the direction the white one was headed in, but I didn't see anything. What I viewed for rate of speed for the white one was seemingly no different from first site to end of site. I can only say I thought it was a plane for the rate that it was going. I informed the person doing yardwork with me of what I had just seen. Since they were not looking up, they had not seen anything. They stated, "They're always watching." I was amazed I had seen something during daylight hours. I am sure that was not an airplane or a bird I had seen. I then immediately typed a note so as to not leave out details. In hindsight, it was odd to not hear sound-for as many planes that I see at what appears to be that high of an altitude, for the size that it was, there was no 'plane' noise. Considering it went into a cloud, the altitude was much lower than I had assumed. I'm realizing how many wingless planes I've seen over the years.
