{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-16 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514373","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43851","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3640,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/373/mufon-5514373.json","updb_database_id":5514373}
(GS) take pics in yard and felt presence looked up and observed tube extend from object

I was in my front side yard taking pictures of flowers and felt a presence. I stood up and turned facing west and was going to take pictures of fall trees when I observed a long circular white tube which had thin black segments at regular intervals extending from object in the sky that curved toward me. At end of tube appeared to be a dull metal shield which opened like your top eyelid revealing a man who appeared to be in early 30s with black curly hair w/beard and mustache dressed in white robe seated and appeared to be working controls. The surface at end of tube appeared to be oval shaped and had black edges with amber color in middle but I could see man inside. Man never looked at me but I felt like I was not supposed to observe. I remember remarking "so thats how they do it" as the tube retracted back up to ufo and disappeared into bottom of object. This took about 25 to 30 seconds. There was no sound. There were no clouds in the sky to obstruct view of object. There was no wind. At first I thought it might be a satellite in the sky. I was kind of nervous and felt really strange about what I saw but nothing happened. I questioned if I really saw what I did see. I was not afraid of it or that it would harm me. I just had a sense of curiosity. I went back into my house for about 5 mins. I came back out again to take more pics and to see if the object was still there. It was. I decided I would go to my back yard to take pics of more flowers and a crepe myrtle tree. I then observed the object more nw as if it had moved to observe me. I tried to take more pictures of the object as I could still see it with my naked eye but could not find it thru the lens of my camera. I did observe a jet leaving a trail at the time the object was in the sky. I tried to take several pics at different areas of where ufo was located to see if I could capture it again with my camera but to no avail. When I blew up the picture on my pc, there was a distinct glow of color around object. There were no wings or obvious fuel tank, etc. My daughter, who works in Johnson City for the local telephone company, along with fellow employees who were taking a break about 11:30 AM the same day, also saw the same object and many of them thought it was a satellite as well. They did not observe the tube. I was able to take 2 pics of ufo but quality was not the best as I had to zoom out my lens to get a picture and only limited zoom on my camera.
