{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-21 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498373","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60818","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2897,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/373/mufon-5498373.json","updb_database_id":5498373}
dream almost 3 times . its real like experience. they talk to me once

The first time i saw ufo when i was in highschool. I was in our rooftop looking at sky. Then i saw flying horizontally in the sky,i did not see the object but the smoke like it produces like in cars ( but imagine a solid,silver,christmas tree-like) . When i saw it , i try to deny what i saw because it was cloudy .. But no thunder storms at night . Ans if thunder storms... There is no christmas tree like smoke its verg hard to explain. That time i got more interest in ufo's. 

Years later.. I had some dreams about ufo and then link to catastrophe and the one that make more awaken is that in my dreams..but i feel that it is not a dream . He said to me to enter in a crashed car and when i enter ig sunddenly .. Im on a spaceship( because it is cicular and many switches or mechanical parts that consist in that kind of transportation). Then he talked to me .. As far as i remembered..he said to me like thua " this is how we travel, a light years" then he activate something to drive that craft whatever.. Then he let me experienced how to feel like to travel in that kind of speed.. And i felt it ... I cant take the speed it makes me .. I dont know how it feels but i knew it.. Then i wake up. I try to recall it and thats all i remember.. For its not ordinary dream .. Because i thought i was awake at that time... This is one of my story ... I would really appreciate if ur going to respond my story. Also i had dream this October 21,2014 was i caught by an spaceship and when i entered i was in inside a tube ( because im on vertical position a narrow area) then some device where hold my hands ( handcliffs i think ..it was black) then in my head side to side( imagine a tong-like device just to hols my head) and put me finally a nose and mouth mask( to breath.. Just to be clear, i never saw some creature, all i see is machines) then it started tk produce a gas meaning i'm breathing on that gas then i feel like im dropping down in high altitude .. And then i wake up. This is my story . I hope that u respond and i know im not only person who experiences this. Im not making false story .. Im just sharing what i've dream(experience) and i wanna know the truth and whats going on.. But i think ita some sort of warnings to all of us..
