{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-04 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507373","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51332","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2718,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/373/mufon-5507373.json","updb_database_id":5507373}
{cak} watching stars out window, 2nd night it moved circular,horizontal,flashed

This is the 2nd time I have observed this planet moving in extremely unnatural, and strange motions. I know this will sound crazy and I wish I had woken up my husband, but I didn't. I want to state that I have witnessed multiple meteror showers over the previous 20 years. I have spent many nights gazing up at the stars. We live near several major airports and one in Livermore, which is more suited to small aircraft. We are also very close to the Lawrence Livemore Lab and Sandia Labs. This planet or star was not only twinkling, but was getting brighter,then dimmer, moving horizontally a little way then stopping, moving circular two times, moving lateral to right, stopping, then descending a little, all the movements seemed to be preceeded by a change in the brightness of the light. Two separate times small airplanes came into my field of vision, and it seemed that it would get noticeably smaller, less light being given off. I also noticed a smaller star, sitting lower to the horizon moving somewhat. It is the nearest star I can see with out the aide of a telescope.  It too would change in the amount of light it emitted, appearing larger at times, then as the small aircraft moved horizontally across my field of vision, it too would seem to react, almost shrinking so much that it almost disappeared. It too was moving unnaturally, but not nearly so much as the larger and higher on the horizon planet/star. 
Both times I observed this weird, unnatural movement it was after 11:15 pm,. I was looking out a bedroom window that faces north east. We live in a suburban bedroom community. We have lived here for almost 30 years. But I have only been borrowing my sons bedroom while he is away at college and we are remodeling master bedroom. I am a happily married woman, just 53yearsold. I know this sounds crazy and frankly I would love to learn that in reality I have been observing a satellite. But if a genuine ufo thats O K too.
I really saw this happen. Can a satellite move in circular motion, get brighter, then dim within seconds?
