{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-25 19:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498285","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60959","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3879,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/285/mufon-5498285.json","updb_database_id":5498285}
{dr}Multiple, nearly nightly sighting of objects in sky intelligently controlled

I was told about these things in the sky my son and one of his friends kept saying they see all the time. I gave my sons friend my number and asked him to call me. Several nights later I got a call. I drove from Arvada Co to Golden Co. about 20 min.I was told to wait. My son's friend Dalton told me "there!" and points up. In the southwestern shy I see an object. It appears to be moving about 35 mph in relation to the ground. It appears to be a cluster or "stack" of objects in a group. I will describe as best I can. In the light available, the objects appear translucent or transparent. This object appears to be 500-1000 feet above me. It is absolutely silent and moving in a distinct, predictable path to my left as I face south. First heading east, then a slow turn to the north, flying right over my head. The object seems see-thru. It looks like a stack of plastic cups in a way. If you got say 10-15 clear plastic cups, laid them on their sides and took the bottom out of them and staked them on top of each other and pushed the stack through the air. The stack does not stay in perfect formation either. Some of the stack move forward and back as separate parts. This all happens silently right overhead. I have seen several of them between the time of 7:30 and 9:30 on this date. Some formations are large consisting of as many of 30 or more of these small objects inside and travel through the air in a slight partial curve making a kind of 3D leading edge made up of the parts as the single parts move forward and back from the formation. There is most certainly light emitting from these objects. It's impossible to tell if the light being seen from these objects is reflected or created by them. That is because of their translucent nature. I suspect the light is reflected by these objects because they can't be seen at all unless you are in a particular part of the mountainside we were on with lighting from a large building complex nearby. I saw at least two of these objects in the sky at once. At one time two of these passed right over my head with one above the other in opposite directions. I also witnessed one of these clearly under intelligent control make a very well-steered tour of the night sky covering my entire view as I blocked the light from a street light with my hand. I realize people are going to think I'm some nut. I wouldn't do this if I had any idea what these things are. I might add that I'm still not sure about the cup shape. When I got one of my better looks at these things, it almost appeared the stack was made up of rectangular shapes made of square shapes all exactly the same size and shape with tiny spots of light being either reflected of emitted from these objects seemingly in the same spot on each. I know this sounds crazy and I bet I blew the description, but I'll draw them also. I have 3 other people beside me that will absolutely swear to this including me. I am willing to show these objects to anyone who will listen. I am not joking about these. This is very much real and frankly, I'm very upset because I can't understand this.
