{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-11 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517285","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40737","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5670,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/285/mufon-5517285.json","updb_database_id":5517285}
My gut feeling tells me it was more military than ET.

I live in downtown Toronto and usually there's too much pollution to see the stars but it was a clear, cloudless night last night (Wed. July 11, 2012). At approximately 10:45 p.m. I went outside to take out the garbage and water the lawn. I was standing on my ground-level patio looking up at the distant stars (I've done so for years) just to take in the night sky but I also try and see if I can spot anything way up high, whether I'm in the city or out in the countryside where the night sky is amazing. I belive that I've seen satellites in the past and have also seen some interesting lights that appear to be way too high up for planes but nothing extraordinary enough that was worth reporting.

Anyway, last night, because of the great night sky in the city, I was looking up for about ten minutes, when I saw something nearby overhead - I caught it in my periphery to my right (I was facing East) and quickly looked at it (I wrote down this observation last night along with a crude sketch but I didn't bring it with me to work today, if you want to see it, email me and I'll scan it and send it to you). At first it appeared to be two dull, white lights moving and blinking / pulsating in unison (i.e. If you were to say a plane's lights were equivalent to a 100 watt bulb, then these lights were 25 watts by comparison). It came from a S-E direction a few hundred feet above a nearby apartment building, moving in a N-W direction. When I focused my attention to the lights, I could see the sky between them but they appeared to be joined by some type of invisible wing because the space in between them was hazy, like what the road looks like when it's really hot outside with the waves of heat. So it struck me as a single object - a straight wing - that was cloaked, yet there were two dull white lights pulsating, or blinking, in unison! Bizarre, and that's why I'm reporting this to you, and am not doing so in a casual manner. As I mentioned in the short description, my gut feeling tells me that this was more of a military object rather than a UFO (I didn't sense anything otherworldly - not sure if you do under these circumstances.) Regardless, it was of a technology that I didn't think we were capable of yet - especially in Canada. And its direction and elevation made me think that it was headed towards a nearby military base. 

This object was completely silent and it was all over in 2-3 seconds (I noted 1.5 seconds in the observation report I wrote last night). I lost sight of it when it went over my neighbour's triplex roof.

There's a fairly busy flight path over our house from planes arriving and departing from Pearson Int'l. In a closer vicinity to my house is the Downsview military base which has an Airport. The base has been drastically reduced in size over the years and I believe that DeHavilland currently has an operation running out of that base, although the military still has a small presence (parts of the base has even been transformed into Canada's first urban national park and there are even concerts held there). And when I drive by there, all signs point to a military base that is now being run by a skeleton staff. However, I do see a number of new planes circling above my house at night and I get the sense that DeHavilland are testing new models - they are usually much more quiet and sleek than the planes coming from / going to Pearson. 

There were a number of planes taking off from Pearson last night but this object was low to the ground in comparison. And a few minutes after I saw this object, a small plane circled overhead quite low in the same general vicinity - this struck me as odd because you don't usually see small Cesna-type planes flying around the city at that time of night. I think it was red and white. Even though it was night and the sky was clear, there's still a great level of light pollution, so I had good visibility.

The object that I saw last night was definitely something physical but it happened so fast and it was dead silent. Yet I felt compelled to write it down last night and again this morning on this site. I felt strongly enough about its anomolous nature that I just had to report it to you (in case anyone else in my vicinity spotted it by chance). 

What's really odd is that I think if I hadn't of written the account down last night and woken up my wife to tell her about it (she thought that she was dreaming last night when I told her), then I would have doubted myself about this sighting when I woke up this morning. I'm still somewhat doubtful of what I saw but I have to fight that urge because there really was something physical, silent and nearly invisible that passed just above me last night. My first thought after I'd lost sight was that it was an unmanned drone but I don't think they're cloaked (I've seen photos of UAVs). And I also thought the lights were a couple of RC toys moving together but with the haziness of the invisible wing connecting the two lights, I knew they weren't RC toys.
