{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-09 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500285","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58826","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2521,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/285/mufon-5500285.json","updb_database_id":5500285}
{cak} Object traveling NE, erratic, stopped, dropped ascended in a u shape then descended from view

I was driving South bound on FM 1378 approximately 9:00 pm. Upon leaving my house I had noticed a thunderstorm far to the North with cloud to cloud lightening. While driving I saw a white flash. Assuming it was lightening I looked over my shoulder to look at the storm cloud. To my immediate left I saw what I first believed to be an airplane or possibly a helicopter. There is a lot of air traffic in this area (DFW). When I first saw the "airplane" I noticed the green light, but it seemed unusually bright. The object was traveling in a North by Northeast direction and appeared to be going in the direction of the storm. The object appeared to be flying erratically. At first I thought it was because I was in a moving vehicle so I pulled over and stopped. Immediately after stopping the object appeared to stop. It hovered momentarily then the green light flashed white then turned red. I was then thinking that perhaps it was a helicopter and had made an abrupt turn, but the object dropped in altitude very abruptly then ascended just as rapidly in sort of a u shape. The object then moved in what I would call a cork screw or loop motion. The object then appeared to be moving NE once again but slowly dropped in altitude and out of my view. There was a large number of homes and trees between me and the object. It's hard to say how far away the object was because it's difficult to gage distance at night, but I'm guesstimating 1 to 1 1/2 miles. I drove to thegg area where I believed the object descended to but I did not see it again. 

I've been around aircraft and have observed different types of aircraft my entire life, but this is the first time I've been unable to reasonably explain what I saw. This object moved like no aircraft I've ever seen. I'm sure someone could explain this away but as of now I'm at a loss.
