{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-24 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508285","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50207","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3760,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/285/mufon-5508285.json","updb_database_id":5508285}
{nd} Bright light underwater of a lake that shot out of the water than hovered over me than had contact

This past weekend I was spending some time out by Lake Arcadia. The fraternity that I am a member of(which is part of a near by University) just finished having our back to school get together with some of our members. The location of the site was right by the shore of the lake.
	It was about one oclock in the morning and I was the last one there and had been by myself for around thirty minutes. It was my responsibility that night to let no one drive back home while intoxicated and make sure the camp site was in good shape when we were done. As a result of my duties that night I was completely sober and had not been drinking or using any drugs.
	Right after I loaded the last bag of trash in the back of my truck I had this strange urge to look at the lake. The best way to describe that feeling was as if I had been day dreaming. There was nothing unusual going on out on then all of the sudden there was a bright glowing light under the water. At this particular distance I could tell exactly how large the circle was but it was big. 
	The shape was circular and had a light green/yellowish glow with occasional pulsating reed and blue lights. I starred at it dumbfounded as it was moving slowly under the water from one side of the lake to the opposite side. The object moved from one side and back to the other two or three times for about five minutes then it stopped almost near the center of the lake. The object glowed brighter and brighter than shot straight out of the water and into the sky.
	After that I turned around and ran as fast as I could to my truck. Once I got to my truck I stopped and fumbled around in my pockets for a couple of seconds looking for my keys and seemingly out of no where a bright light appeared above and slightly behind me. I
	I turned around to see what was behind me and there was was this giant ship. It wasnt a saucer shaped one that everyone talks about but it had more of a cake shape. It handt landed but just hovered around twenty to thirty feet off the ground for a couple of seconds. Then shot back up into the sky.
	I turned back to my truck door and tried to unlock it when I caught something at the corner of my. I jumped back against the side of my truck and about 15 feet away stood three people staring at me that had not been there prior to this incident. There were two very attractive woman and one very tall man that was at least ten feet high. All of them had blonde hair that was almost white and blue eyes. 
	They did not say anything to me directly but I heard one of the the womans voice in my head. I know your probably thinking that I am crazy but it did happen. She said, "(my name) please do not be afraid. You have an important role to play if you would like to help us." I said out loud in a shaky voice "okay but I don't know how?" Then the woman said, "don't worry you will know in time." Right after she said that everything went black.
	Eventually I woke up around two thirty. Laying about thirty feet away from my last remembered position at the side of my truck.
