{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-31 22:52:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513285","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44992","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3867,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/285/mufon-5513285.json","updb_database_id":5513285}
[flg] San Diego CA UFO on New Years Eve December 31, 2012 from South Park .

These lights were filmed from within our car (camera held out the sunroof) sitting at the NE corner of Grape Street & 31st Street in South Park, San Diego, California looking slightly north & west at 10:52 pm. Four amber colored lights moved from north to south, about 30 degrees off the horizon, along the eastern end of Balboa Park, near the golf driving range. We observed these lights for approximately a minute and a half. They appeared to increase in altitude, have a slight flicker and then either they went out or went behind a cloud. We surmised they might be Chinese Lanterns, similar to the El Cajon lights seen almost like clockwork on every New Years Eve. 

The camera did not really pick up the full brightness of the lights, so keep that in mind.

There were three adults (over 40) and one child (over 5) in the car and all witnessed this event. I should note that I had not been drinking. We were coming home from a childrens New Years Eve party. The other adults in the car were also not out to drink, but may have had a little. My boys comment regarding "fireflies" (in the Youtube clip) was cute, but not at all a proper description of the scene before us.

Several blocks back we had just crested a hill and were coming down a slight incline to the point where we stopped at the stop sign at the intersection of 31st and Grape. The road continues into a slight downward pitch from there, but from where we were stopped, we were at a decent elevation to get a good view of the sky to the west. The lights were probably as high as a high flying kite, but not up where airplanes fly. There are houses, power lines and trees in our field of view, but the lights were high enough in the sky to be easily seen. Im very surprised there hasnt been more talk of these in the news.
 
They were moving in unison from north to south, but they did seem to move independently of one another. The lead light (to the left as they headed south) was at the highest elevation. Each respective trailing light was at a lower elevation. They all seemed to increase in elevation slightly in the minute and a half that we observed them. There may have been more than four when we first spotted them, but it took me several seconds to get my camera out. This was NOT one large lighted craft, but several lights spread out over a fairly large distance, hundreds of feet apart.

About 19 secs in on our Youtube video should give you the best idea of what was seen, except in person they were much, much brighter.  They were as bright as or brighter than airplane lights. They really stood out in the night sky. There were no strobes or red or green lights that you would see on planes. These were not airplane lights. I live near the San Diego Airport and these were not in the flight path. The flight path runs to the south of where we were. They were moving very slowly from our perspective. There were no sudden jumps of speed.
 
The lights appeared to flicker an amber to reddish color.  It seems to me that they flickered out, rather than having gone behind a cloud, but that is just my impression. 

Here is the URL to the Youtube video: [Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]
