{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-07-01 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491285","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68286","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2640,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/285/mufon-5491285.json","updb_database_id":5491285}
It appeared to be what is now called a TR 3

It was evening and I was at a friends house when we stepped outside for a smoke. 

I didn't write down the exact date but it was in 1998 or 1999. I remember it was a little chilly outside but not yet fall. Evenings can be chilly up here even in july or August so it had to be around that time of the year. 

We were just standing there talking and looking up at the sky when we witnessed something very odd high up in the sky. 

None of us said a word to each other we were too awestruck at what we were looking at. I might add that none of us believed in ufos or aliens and had we not seen what we saw with our own eyes none of us would have believed it. 

What we saw was a gigantic craft of triangular shape and it appeared as black as night without any reflection or shine on the surface. It had three bright red lights on each corner on the triangular shape. I remember them as pulsating but not very rapidly.

It was just sitting up there in the sky perfectly still and without making any sound. Then suddenly it flew in a straight line to one direction, then the opposite and up and down with such incredible speed that no known aircraft would possibly be able to do. In just one blink of an eye it traveled from a far distance just underneath the clouds to a position through the clouds a distance that would take a commercial airplane at least 30 seconds of reaching. It was like they were showing off or something having fun up there and wanting to be seen. 

It went on like that for few minutes snd then it just took off straight into the sky and was gone in the blink of an eye. 

Considering the altitude of the craft it had to be gigantic because of how much of it was detectable from the ground maybe hundreds of kilometers away. That moment changed my life and how I look at the world we live in. I've been absolutely fascinated by ufos and alien encounters ever since. This is the first time I'm speaking out about what we saw because I didn't think anyone would be interested in it.
