{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-13 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491000","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68572","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3136,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/000/mufon-5491000.json","updb_database_id":5491000}
{rjl} Bright WHITE light arching over horizone from East to West in flight-path of DFW Airport

It was a Thursday evening at about 8:15 pm (CST). I was traveling from my home in Lewisville, and headed southbound on Edmonds Ln between SH3040 and SH121. I was ultimately headed toward Grapevine, Texas to sing karaoke at a local venue. I really wish that I could have taken a pic of the event, but it happened rather quickly, and I was riding my Harley at the time.

Please understand that I reside in the flight-path for DFW Airport, and am quite familiar with landing aircraft at DFW. The light I saw was Bright White, and too large to be a commercial airliner. Additionally, wind current at DFW is typically from the south as it was on that evening, and the typical aircraft approach to DFW is from the north. The bright light I saw reminded me of a "Shooting Star" in SPEED, but it certainly was not that either. It was going entirely too fast to be a commercial airliner.

What truly surprised me the most, was that during that "Moment", I noticed that an arriving aircraft was in the "Pattern" for DFW Airport. That arriving flight was forced to take an "Evasive Action" on approach for DFW Airport to avoid collision with the flying object (moving East to West). I noticed the approaching flight make a swift adjustment to it's right while lifting it's right wing abruptly to avoid collision.

Then I noticed the "Unknown TO ME Object" continue traveling to the west over the horizon. The one thing I noticed about the assumed UFO is that it was mostly a very fast White Light that seemed to arc over the western horizon. The light was so intense, and the speed of the object was so fast that it appeared to have a "Light Trail". I know for fact that it was not "Space Junk" re-entering our atmosphere, and it was not the right color to be a meteor.

As I continued my travels onto SH121 heading west toward Grapevine, I kept looking to my west looking for SOME KIND of "Crash Event". Possibly like an explosion or Police Activity. But, I didn't see anything further to indicate that something had gone wrong.

It was just WEIRD! I cannot say that it was an "Orb", or that it had any particular shape to it. However, IF it had been a "Falling Object" from our skies, I still believe that there would have been some type of Fire or Explosion event that would have been noticeable in my travels to the west. That is what leaves me with the impression that it was some "TYPE" of controlled flying object.
