{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-29 19:21:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523000","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32994","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4257,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/000/mufon-5523000.json","updb_database_id":5523000}
UFO flew from east to west across sky like a falling star. Hovered, blocked plane path, made 45% turn, hovered, took off northeast.

I was alone in our truck heading to Tempe from our home in Scottsdale to see a movie with a niece. I stopped at a stop sign when I saw what appeared like a shooting star fly very fast in front of me going from the east to the southwest. I just thought it was a shooting star but it was unusually large and very bright. As I headed southwest on a small street I checked my watch as I was running late for an 8pm movie. It was 7:21pm. I again looked up and in front of me just in the middle of the crescent moon I saw what I thought was a shooting star seemingly turn into an object with varying, pulsating colors. It came to a sudden stop as if it was targeting that very spot. Then it hovered in front of what appeared to be a small airplane headed southbound. I thought the plane was going to crash into the object, but instead it looked like it dropped altitude quickly to avoid a collision. All this time the bright pulsating, blue, yellow, orange and red with white lights object hovered in front of the plane or what looked like in the planes path. I didn't see the plane again until it reappeared and seemed to be zig zagging away from the object in a southbound direction. It was a clear, cloudless evening and you could see the object with its continuous strobe, pulsating lights just hover for at least a minute or so. Then the object suddenly did a 45% degree turn and took off toward the east. It then stopped near or just below a "star"; possibly Venus. It hovered there several seconds; still with the strobe and pulsating lights then took off toward the east; in the same direction it had come. I was so startled! I didn't have my camera and couldnt find my blackberry long enough to try for a picture. It happened so fast. During this entire viewing of this object I was weaving in and out of traffic and traversing from lane to lane trying to keep an eye on it. I briefly lost a few seconds of contact view when I had to go under a freeway underpass. But as soon as I made contact view again I kept an eye on it. The funny thing is my husband said I left the house at exactly 7:20pm. He said he told me to be careful with traffic as I was rushing around and I was trying to make the 8pm movie in Tempe with my niece. But when I called my niece and told her about this sighting, she asked me to be careful with traffic and asked me where I was...I said I was at the Freeway 101 and Chaparral approximately 15 miles from where I live. But when I looked at my watch (a new S/W); it was only 7:22!! I didn't realize that according to my watch this whole even took only 1 minute until when I returned home later that evening after the movie and my husband asked me what time this all took place and I said about 7:22pm. He told me what time I called him and told me to look at my blackberry to see what time I called my niece and it was at 7:22pm. That was even more startling! I have not ever seen anything like this. My immediate family understood. Then yesterday evening my husband said he saw an article about a UFO in a local Phoenix Newspaper so I read it and listened to the video clip and it sounds and is described by others as I had witnessed it. The rest of the evening I was feeling very confused; couldnt recall most of the movie and kept losing things. Something normally I don't do. I hope this helps. Thank you for your time. Attached is my sketch; drawn to the best of my recollection.
