{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-12 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290000","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113350","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3752,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/000/mufon-5290000.json","updb_database_id":5290000}
It was silent with two stories of windows one in distance as well

I already spoke to someone about this sometime in 2020. 
Pulled in drive coming home from Bethel Ohio. A light caught my eye up to my right. I pulled down to the garage and walked up the drive where I stood. The front of the house was just maybe 10 ft to SW of me. Up maybe above 2 houses down, it was just sitting there. A car went by and I waited until there was no sound amd it was still there. I could see that there were two levels of windows. I could actually see what appeared to be panes of glass with a yellowish light inside of both. Im sure if there were being in the front I would gave been able to see them but I didn't see any. I took out my phone and took two pictures and then a video which I should have somewhere but cant locate it. In the video, there was an orb that shot down to the right but seemed far off. You can hear my feet scooting on the driveway to my car saying help me help me help me. 
I know I went to my car to lean on it and then made my way into the back sliding glass doors of the house. It was late...approx. 10:30p when I pulled in and the incident lasted maybe a minute but after I went into the house...it was after 12am...
I did not go back out but a few days later, I saw a video on my phone that I NEVER RECORDED and there was a bright white light in background and a small, long armed, large headed being (but it was just a sillouette bc of the light) that was half on and half off the frame walking slowly towards me and I just kept saying "I dont know who this is" about 5 or 6 times...then video ended.
I was so freaked out by the video, I deleted that one. I wish I hadn't but I do know It was due to fear. 
After this incident, I started really questioning my faith.
I also remember being very scared when I was videoing the craft and I thought if I stayed there, it may do something to me. I thought if I could see the windows clearly, they would be able to see me and that scared me.

I told my mother about it after I went into the house and she said I want to go see it and I said No...lets just see it tomorrow...I dont know why but I know I was a bit disoriented and scared. 
My mother passed away July 27 2017. 

When I reviewed the pictures, it had lights that were split up and it really did not capture what I actually saw but I am sending a picture I did find of it. Maybe some forensic enhancing can establish shape a little more but what I saw were three panes of glass in each level. The front shape of the windows was like if you were looking at 3 angles of an octagon.
I did not see the shape of the craft though it was completely dark and SILENT. Just saw the levels of windows and looked down the houseline and way down the street...I could tell there was another one bc I saw it had two levels of light as well.

Ok Im done. 
I do wonder about missing time though...afraid to find out.

The question about prominent color i just had to choose one bc there were no prominent colors it was dark...couldnt make out color.
