{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-02 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492000","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67552","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2907,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/000/mufon-5492000.json","updb_database_id":5492000}
{jpg} Saw orange orb flying and nothing was blinking, it just disappeared after a while

I was coming home from work traveling west on Mt Zion rd when I saw an orange light flying what seemed along side the road. I noticed it around the 400 block of Mt. Zion rd. It was pretty high in the sky but not as high as a plane would be. That struck me as odd. I live near an airport and I see a lot of planes and helicopters. I noticed this light or orb because it had no blinking lights. I don't know how to explain it but it just kind of flew more smooth. It was just weird. I pulled out my cell phone and got a video of it but I was driving 20-25 mph and watching the road not the object so I could be safe. I stopped at a red light and found the object and recorded it. I have a 0:40 video of it but I had to trim 0:09 of the video to make it 0:31 and use a video compressing app on my phone to be able to attach the video to an email so that I can upload and save it to my desktop so I can upload it to this tool. I also uploaded it on my Facebook page and tagged MUFON The object didn't make a sound but I will say that there were obviously cars driving around me so its possible that any sound was drowned out and I couldn't hear it. I was heading home so I was trying to keep an eye on it and get to where I could stop my car. I finally turned left into Florence Baptist church and got out of my car and watched it. By now I had stopped recording as my phone isn't the best quality and I was having trouble seeing it. As I watched it seemed like it was flying and one second I see the light as plain as could and then its gone. It didn't fly behind anything it just seemed like it wasn't there. Maybe turned its lights off or something. It just disappeared. The whole time I watched the object there were never any lights blinking. It was moving pretty fast because from the time I first saw it to when it disappeared was maybe 3 mins and it covered a LOT of ground in that time. It was 70 degrees and humid outside with no breeze. I am using the temp gauge on my car for that info and I drove back to where I first saw it to get the exact location (400 block of Mt Zion road) and I looked at the clock.
