{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-20 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518000","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39680","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2921,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/000/mufon-5518000.json","updb_database_id":5518000}
{dr}What appeared to be a star moved several times with multiple direction changes/stops

10pm, Wednesday, June 20, 2012 - Summer Solstice

Slightly hazy atmosphere, with no clouds or precipitation. Approximately 70 degrees F. 

In a grassy field behind Edison Community College in Piqua, Ohio.

Facing East was what appeared to be the brightest star in the sky (The Object) about 35-40 degrees above the horizon. White/blue steady light with an occasional flash/pulse.

The Object was fully visible upon our arrival at 10pm and appeared to be a star.

At 10:13pm The Object moved SW for about one minute then moved NW (in an S pattern) at an accelerated pace for another thirty seconds before becoming motionless. Note that two planes (visible by their flashing wing lights) crisscrossed The Objects original area just before it moved. This could be coincidental but it gave the impression of The Object avoiding the two planes. 

At 10:20 after seven minutes of stillness, the object moved, again towards the SW, then to the NW, then to the SW at an accelerated pace, then back NW, then as it slowed to a crawl it inched due W for half a minute and stopped. Object then dimmed in brightness almost to the point of vanishing, then over the course of around two minutes it slowly regained its previous level of brightness. 

During this time a bright orange Second Object appeared from the South and moved straight North. The speed of the Second Object began fast but slowed as its light faded until it disappeared completely. Total viewing time of Second Object about one minute. 

The first Object remained motionless at least until we left at 11:05. 

Note: The car wouldnt start for several minutes. Cause unknown. Once at home, car started fine. 

In answer to the 6 sidebar questions:
1 I was lying in a field star gazing with my nine year old son.
2 I noticed the object when my son asked me why a star was moving.
3 I thought it was a star. The brightest in the sky.
4 Detailed above.
5 Disbelief, confusion.
6 Did not lose sight of the object. After watching it for nearly an hour we simply decided to go home (my son was hungry and we were being eaten by mosquitoes). Tried to film it but to no avail.
