{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-03-01 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495000","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64454","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4023,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/000/mufon-5495000.json","updb_database_id":5495000}
nd} Boomerang craft above rolling moutain tops along highway.

My mom was driving east on highway 126 leaving Fillmore heading toward Piru. This is located in sunny southern California just thirty minutes north of Los Angeles. We were heading home from a family get together at 3:00am. I had never been up so late and I was still full of energy from being over stimulated. I admit that maybe I was asleep during this event but I know without a doubt I was awake during this experience. My step-father was asleep in the passenger side. I sat behind my mom in the back seat looking at the night sky. There were no clouds and the stars were crisp in their brilliance. I watched the hillside rise and fall in elevation as we drove down the highway. Something came into view that distracted my stargazing. It was boomerang shaped where the center looked like a red box with a yellow flashing light. It's body was a series of cross beams that held the craft together in a boomerang shape. This craft moved parallel with the station wagon and I stared at it unblinking. I tapped the seat in front of me.

1Momma,1 I said. 1There's a UFO.1

1mmmmm,1 is all she said ignoring my comment.

I looked behind us seeing a few cars heading in the same direction. I wondered if they were seeing what I was seeing. Maybe I was seeing a reflection from the headlights of the vehicles behind us so I rolled down the window. The craft was still there flying parallel with the station wagon but now I could hear the sound it was making. There was a low hum like a strong breeze blowing over the mouth of a bottle that whistled. I rolled the window back up. I tapped the seat in front of me.

1Momma,1 I repeated. 1There's a UFO.1

Again, 1mmmmm,1 is all she said.

I pinched myself to make sure I wasn't dreaming. The reality of what I was looking at started to sink in.

I tapped the seat in from of me.

1Momma?1 I spoke with a quivering voice. 1There's a UFO,1 I struggled to speak through failing lungs.

Again, 1mmmmm1 is all she said.

This was the last time I tried to get her attention. She wasn't paying attention to her son whose fear was increasing. We turned north on Main street leaving Highway 126 and by this time the craft had disappeared behind the hills. I couldn't take my eyes away from watching the sky. I had moved from sitting in my seat to being on my knees as I looked out the rear window as Highway 126 fell into the distance. What came into view didn't frighten me as much as the craft. Five silver comets followed the station wagon in beautiful synchronicity like ballet dancers moving gracefully. Their tails were like streaming ribbons of silver flecked stars. We turned right on Market street. When we got home I ran into the house. I was quiet when my mom helped me to bed. The house we lived in was a small one bedroom shack. I slept on the sofa in the small living room tucked in as I lay in the dark trying to rationalize what I just experienced. The front door was visible from where I was positioned. The door had a window that looked out onto a backdrop of darkness because there had been no street lights. That's when I saw a face press up against the window. The face was pale grey and the large black eyes peered in at me. My mouth gaped as I screamed and I have no further memory of that night.
