{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-01 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477000","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83176","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4178,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/000/mufon-5477000.json","updb_database_id":5477000}
Two objects that looked like normal stars in the first glance, but under further observation, weren't

I was only, like, 12-13 years old when it happened. I'm not sure of my age or the date (or the year, to be honest, but I'm sure it was somewhere between 2011-2013. I picked 2012 because that's the best average I could give), it may vary as I have a weak long-term memory, but I remember the event because I had asked mom and dad about it a lot, and did some research on my own too, which was pretty much kinda useless because I was in a bus (with complete strangers) when it happened.

Me and my family were coming from Ghaziabad's 'Monday Market' (A small, local market that's only open on Monday. These markets sell really cheap stuff). That day's shopping took longer than most days, and we were going back to NTPC Township, Dadri (To give you an estimate of where I coud've possibly encountered this). It had gone dark so I didn't know where I was, though I do remember seeing crops and a village in the distance, and maybe a few buildings passed by once in a while. So, I was (and still am) a big fan of stargazing, and like usual, had the window seat to myself. I remember being on the left side of the bus (again, to provide a good estimate of location) while I was looking outside at the sky. There were only a few stars in the sky, and I was trying to figure which was an actual star and which was a planet. Suddenly, I noticed one of them moving upwards diagonally (towards the left), in a slow speed. Thinking it was a satelite, I continued observing it, but what struck me was that I had seen satelites before and they have a blinking light (a red one, or was it white blinking light and a red constant one? It's been so long since I've seen one). And this one? It had none.

And for some reason, it had turned and started moving right.

I suddenly began asking mom about the moving star, but she dismissed me and didn't spare more than a glance at the sky. Feleing a litte put-out, I went back to observing it. During the short duration, it had called upon another star, which was again moving upwards, to the left. Both stars were of the same color, and there was absolutely no difference in them. They were even moving in the same speed.

Still moving slowly, these stars moved, circling each other, forming a ring-like invisible shape in the dark sky. It was pretty weird, they had diverted from the motion and were taking different paths, different dirrection, and moving while changing their speed at times. That part I don't remember, I mean the exact way they moved, but they might be forming a pattern, though I couldn't make any out. The only exception to it was at the end, when they moved, diagonally, as if they were going to hit each other, and then moved downward, without changing their direction, vanishing into the horizon. And I had stared at the whole thing, like a maniac staring at the sky.

Anyways, that was how the whole thing happened. I'm sure it sounds pretty unbelivable and vague, I'm quite aware of that fact. And I have no additional proof as we didn't even have a camera or a Smartphone with us, so I couldn't provide a recording.

Me and my mom are in a difficult stuation right now, so we''d appreciate discretion of me and my mom's name being dropped anywhere. However, I'd like it if anyone could provide more details or any similar occurence, possibly with an explaination (I don't mind this event being concluded as a satelite or something). I hope this report is sufficient, I won't hesitate to provide additional details if necessary.
