{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-10-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473000","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87402","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3287,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/000/mufon-5473000.json","updb_database_id":5473000}
Mississauga UFO Sighting October 14, 2017.

I was at home with my wife when we saw it after we looked out the balcony around 10pm on October 14, 2017. We were watching TV. I had just come back after hanging out with a few friends.
I noticed it because the light was very bright like a a train's lights on high beam. We initially thought it was an aircraft or a bright star. Airplane because the airport is closeby and we see lots of airplanes flying by. But commercial airplanes usually dont emit such bright white light and they also have the blinking red lights and it keeps moving. This object was stationary for 3 hours and more.Stars or moon or planets will change location in the sky as the earth rotates.
The object just stayed there in the sky with bright white lights for 3 hours.And strangely only the area below and to the sides of the object were illuminated by the white light initially. Later on there was light all around the object. For a brief period it dimmed a bit like turning off the high beam to normal headlights and it seemed very distant. But the high beam was back again with full power. The light from the object looked very star like but 100 times more intense.
We even considered drones but this object didnt move. I know it was in the same spot because there was a tree in its path. And we used that as the location marker. It wasnt above the tree. It seemed like it was at a great distance. We then thought it was floodlights from a baseball stadium or something so checked the same spot next morning from the balcony. There was no structure anywhere near that location to suggest a light source. It was just empty sky during the day. The city we live in is a residential area so no big buildings or stadiums etc. I even used google earth to check the path of that object to see if there is any man-made structure but couldn't find anything. We didnt stick around to see how long it was there. It was there until about 1am. Unlikely it was an concert or an event because this city has time restrictions for outdoor activities. I woke up early next day and looked out the window but didnt see it there. 2 nights have gone by since the incident but we havent seen the object again or any sort of lights at that same location. We have ruled out pretty much all man-made objects. If we spot it again, we will be ready with a high power telescope. I also tried tracking the location using google earth. the path where the light was emitting from led me to a huge agricultural farm land just outside the city.

I uploaded the link to youtube.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=T9n8X77WxdE

Please let me know if you need any additional information.

Thanks.
Raj
