{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-15 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484000","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75846","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2608,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/000/mufon-5484000.json","updb_database_id":5484000}
{cak} Extremely bright, almost pinpoints of pulsating red, blue, violet, yellow, and geen lights

While sitting on our back deck about 10:40 PM, my wife, son and I were commenting on the visible planets and stars in the night sky. One "star"; which was extremely bright with a predominance of red was noticed low in the SW sky about 15 degrees above the horizon. We thought it might be Mars; however, we noticed it appeared to be flashing mainly red lights. We then surmised it was an airplane; however, it did not track across the sky as we commonly see aircraft do in this area. We thought it might be a helicopter, however it remained what appeared to be motionless in the sky for over 20 minutes and there were no noises to be heard. We watched it for over a half-hour with binoculars. During the first 20 minutes, the object did not appear to move. With a naked eye, we could see mainly red, green, and white lights. Through the binoculars we could see what looked like mostly bright white lights that looked to have other colored lights randomly flashing on and off. The object flashed multiple and different lights including green, red, blue, violet, and yellow, the dominant lights were red and bright white. The brightness and clarity of the lights was uncanny - not blurry, but very vivid; much like LED Christmas tree lights. We did see an airplane pass over us moving from SE to NW during this time (we routinely see jet aircraft leaving and approaching PIT which is about 30 miles away). The object looked to be a long way off (miles?) and was moving slowly to the west. The movement did not appear to be in a straight line, it eventually disappeared over the ridge line to our west after having traversed an arc of about 30 degrees moving from the SW towards the West before we lost sight. The distance of the object was so great that taking, or attempting to take a photo or video would have simply created a photo of what what have looked like another star in the sky - we simply didn't bother.
