{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-19 19:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497780","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61557","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3751,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/780/mufon-5497780.json","updb_database_id":5497780}
{rjl} We saw object in the nite sky that was very bright with each smaller blinking light on either side. we noticed a glowing orb drop down towards the ground from the vacinity of the larger object. We lost sight of the descending object halfway down.

We were driving north on Bardstown Rd in Louisville, Ky a little passed 7pm (cloudy night) November 18, 2014 about to get on I-265 E when I saw an odd bright white glowing triangular shaped light in the night sky ahead of us but a little towards the left. It was a very well defined triangle shape pointed towards earth. It was one fourth the size of the moon. I wondered if it could be a fireball but it didn't seem to be moving much and the shape was a little odd being clearly triangular. I couldn't watch it but for a few seconds when I had to look back at traffic to get on the freeway. But this is not the primary object I am reporting on.

After we got on the freeway I couldn't turn my head enough to see the triangular light anymore. But it got me looking skyward. After a few minutes of driving on I-265 the highway turns northward - as it did we saw another object in the cloudy night sky directly in front of us. This one was a bright white roundish to oval light with two much smaller lights on either side. The big middle light did not blink. The smaller ones did. I'm not sure what color they were - mostly white-ish but there was some color to them. The object appeared to be hovering. What really shocked us about it was when a white oval-ish light dropped from below it. I was driving and watching the road - so I can't say for 100% that it emanated from the brighter larger 3 light object but it was near enough that it probably did. If descended straight down in front of us slower than any fireball or shooting star would have done. It was not a shooting star even though I know there is a meteor shower going on. It was a slower and larger moving object. Halfway down the light went off. We couldn't observe it any longer as it was dark outside and cloudy as well. The descending object was about 10 times the size of a shooting star. And it didn't look like a meteor as it appeared to drop from the sky - not flying across and was slower than a meteor and there were clouds - not a clear sky behind it. There was no sound associated with it and there were no little flashes of light as it descended. The descending object was not "bright" like the 3 light object. The descending object was a pale white light. It did not resemble a fireball. As it descended it's shape and brightness did not vary until the light just went out. The 3 light object was about 15 times larger than the descending one. The descending object really looked like it dropped down.

So yes it shocked me a little. I didn't think to look at the time or where we were on the freeway. We were probably near where Taylorsville Rd crosses the freeway. As we drove down the freeway we passed under the larger 3 light object. The time we were able to watch the 3 light object was about 1 minute. The object that descended we watched for about 3 seconds and then the light went out when it was about halfway down.
