{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-06-15 11:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487780","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71875","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3569,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/780/mufon-5487780.json","updb_database_id":5487780}
{jpg} Objects fell from the sky, one of which struck me on the head.

I was approximately four years old when this incident occurred. I was at my grandparents house in Boothwyn, Pennsylvania. The area where my grandparents lived was called Gardendale because the neighborhood's streets are all named after fruits (e.g., Plum St., Apple St., Cherry St.). As a young child in the late 1970's 1 early 1980's I played outside in my grandparent's yard nearly every day. My grandparents fenced off a portion of their yard where they maintained a garden. The garden was supposed to be off limits to me; however, I had a habit of climbing over the small fence and playing in the garden anyway. One of the days that I was playing in the garden, an object fell out of the sky and bumped me on the head. It hit me hard enough to cause me to cry but not to cause any major damage. The object didn't hit the ground, it was a dark object attached to some kind of tether. After it struck me and I began to cry, the object ascended back up in the sky from where it had came. There was no visible source from where this object may have originated. I ran to my grandmother and told her something hit me on the head. While she comforted me, she told me it was God punishing me for playing in her garden. I took her literally. For years, I thought God was trying to bonk me on the head for misbehaving that day.
I remember climbing back over the garden fence knowing that these things were going to fall out of the sky. It became a game where I would run through the garden and these things would fall just behind me as they were trying to bonk me on the head again. I ran as three objects, one after the other, fell just behind me. I looked back as I was running and could see the objects retreating back to the sky as they missed me. After the third one missed me, I turned back and grabbed the tether. I pulled myself up and put my feet on top of the object. I held on to the tether and swung on it, waiting for it to pull me up to from where it came. I specifically remember swinging on it and looking up in the sky where there was seemingly no visible source for this object. The tether seemed to be dangling out of the clear blue sky. The object didn't ascend or descend while I was on it. After a little while, I jumped off the object and it immediately retreated to the sky.
From what I can recall, the object reminded me of a lawnmower pull-start handle or like a small set of pegs one might see on the base of a pogo stick. I cannot clearly remember the tether. I believe it was made of some kind of clear material (resembling fishing line). These things never touched the ground, they fell to within inches of the ground and then ascended (maybe pulled or retrieved) back up to the sky.

Another bizarre incident happened at my grandparents house but I cannot definitely connect the two incidents. If an investigator has any interest, I'd be more than happy to discuss it with them.
