{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-09-11 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494780","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64683","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3732,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/780/mufon-5494780.json","updb_database_id":5494780}
{cak} Explosions in the sky. Definitely not F-16's

BACKGROUND: My recollection of this story is terrible and I wish I would have known more about what to pay attention to at the time. 9/11 sparked my interest in the military and I later joined the Army as an Ammunition Specialist (89B) with the 395th Ordnance Company whose home location is here in Appleton, Wisconsin. To date, I have served 7 years as a drilling reservist and my effective date entering the IRR (Inactive Ready Reserve) will be April 24th. During my time in the Army, I served two tours in Afghanistan - once for the entire year of 2009, and another in summer 2011-summer 2012.

EVENT DESCRIPTION: I was at home on the night of September 11th, 2001 in the city of  I was a 7th grader at St. Joseph Middle School (has since been renamed by the ACES/XAVIER Educational System) when 9/11 happened. That night, I remember going home and watching the news with my parents and only brother and at some point that night (I wish I could pinpoint the time), we began to hear what sounded like explosions coming from outside. Naturally, we stepped out to have a look. **It is very important to note that all air-traffic was halted and/or cancelled on 9/11**. When we looked straight up into the sky, we saw bright white flashes of light (sort of like an exploding star) followed by a bang coming from each one. Their altitude was indiscernible so I would have to estimate 35,000ft which is roughly the cruising altitude of a Boeing 747. In reality, it could possibly have been MUCH further above us.

My current interpretation of my mother's best explanation at the time is the one which stands out to me the most. She suspected that it was coming from F-16 fighter jets or possibly another indiscernible military aircraft breaking the sound barrier right above us. Being that I was young and really didn't know any better, I had dismissed it as that for the rest of my life up until now. To me, after serving in the military and after having been around such military aircraft AND experienced their effects up-close and personal, there is no possible way that the flashes could have been the result of afterburners or sonic boom. A better description of these "flash-booms" would be more consistent with exploding shells fired from a flak cannon.

CURRENT SPECULATION: There is only one possibility that I can mention based on what I know which would accurately describe the events of that night. The fact is, my knowledge is quite limited and my recollection is even worse. Perhaps they were objects with a single-burst propulsion system designed to make the "final leap" out of the atmosphere and into space.

QUESTIONS:
1.Why ? I really don't know of any significant reason why the US military or even any extra-terrestrial presence would have any interest in this area - even remotely. Fort McCoy is around 3 hours away from here and they really KO don't have much in the way of fighter jets. (That I know of.)
2. Is my speculation even realistic?
3. Fighter jets. ...Really?!
4. Are there similar encounters or observations within the UFO-experienced community?
