{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-31 21:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503780","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55139","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3549,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/780/mufon-5503780.json","updb_database_id":5503780}
{dr}Bizarre distortion wave experienced by two persons plus missing time

Last evening, March 31st, 2014 at 9:38 Mountain Time in Rio Rancho, NM the strangest event happened. 

White Otter (Tom Tetley, age 64) and I (Su Walker, age 55) were sitting together on the sofa watching television when suddenly a very large, potent feeling, strange wave of some sort seemed to roll silently though the living room from northwest to south east. I can only describe it as a large distortion ripple that flowed through the entire room like a tsunami. It didn't seem as tall as the room, but perhaps around 6 feet tall and rounded at its leading edge. During the waves passing through us and the room, I remember seeing a slight distortion as if I were looking through curved glass. It felt as if Otter, I, and the sofa were being lifted up about 12 inches. I remember feeling momentarily weightless (perhaps a second or two) and set back down. It seemed like the couch was distorted upward and us with it, then returned to normal. I glanced at White Otter whose eyes were also wide, startled by the weirdness that had just passed through the living room.

"Did you feel that? Was that an earthquake?" I asked him. Never having experienced a quake, I assumed he would reply with a nod. Otter did not.

"That was no earthquake," replied the California native firmly.

"Then what was that? That was the strangest thing I've ever felt!" I was very aware of the direction the wave came from and where it was on its way to as it traveled through the house. I also had the perception that its origin was not all that far away, perhaps up toward the Four Corners area? I picked up my cell phone to note the time. It read 9:39 pm. 

White Otter just shook his head. His attention turned back to the television and suddenly he uttered aloud, "What happened to the rest of our show?!" 

I looked up then and realized the show we had been watching, which had a full 21 minutes left, was nearly ending. I checked my phone again. It read 9:54. I had JUST checked it the moment before. Suddenly we both realized that neither of us could account for the missing 15 minutes. NEITHER OF US had any perception or memory of what had occurred during the skip in time.

As a note of honest disclosure, I do have a history of experiencing UFOs and visitors from a few other pretty long distance places. I went through my own personal flap from 1998 to 2002. However, even with that in my background, this was super weird! I'm a professional detail psychic for goodness sakes, so my "strange meter" takes a LOT to set it off to this magnitude.

So...unique traveling distortion wave with gravitational anomalies coupled with 15 minutes of missing time by two people simultaneously between 9:39 and 9:54 mountain time in a suburb just north of Albuquerque, New Mexico the day before April Fools, 2014. 

Does somebody out there have a strange sense of humor?

;-)
