{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-06 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520780","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35635","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2449,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/780/mufon-5520780.json","updb_database_id":5520780}
3 lights in a triangular pattern flew over my head at a decently high rate of speed

I was standing in a parking lot talking with some friends. The sun had just set and the sky was lit up with the remaining rays of light in the sky. I see light in the corner of my eye and the natural reaction is to look up. So I did, when I looked up I noticed that it was three distinct lights moving in a triangular patter at a constant speed. I kept my eyes on it, pointed to it and said out loud, " dude, what is that?!" to my three friends. They looked and as they tried to focus in the direction I was looking, the lights started to fade out and none of them saw it. The object was about 500-900 ft above me. My first thought was that it was a weird plane that we have seen in the area in the past that has regular wings and also a set of small wings on the nose. It took me about 1 second to realize that it was not this plane I had become accustomed to seeing because it was so UNLIKE anything that flies in AMERICAN AIRSPACE. The lights were in a triangular formation and the "craft" between the lights was barley 1 shade darker than the sky above it. Maybe some sort of cloaking camouflage? Thats the only thing I can think of.
It really shook me. I couldnt calm down for an hour.

I later found out that one night before my sighting, my friend had seen the same thing and it really scared him. We are both normal, sane guys. We are outdoorsmen and trust our eyes. The people we associate with also trust what we see. We don't tell tales or lie when it comes to stuff like this or anything else in our daily life.

Also, two nights after my sighting the same guy and his friend saw the lights again.

Listen. It is not a plane. It is not a helicopter, blimp, balloon, R/C toy. It is an EXTREMELY large craft that moves silently and in almost complete camouflage.
