{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-22 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483780","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76073","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2922,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/780/mufon-5483780.json","updb_database_id":5483780}
{jpg} Observed a black winged object. Shape was boomerang/chevron-like. No noise. Low to ground. About the size of a SUV.

I realize it's been over 2 years since I saw the object, but it has stayed with me. I just discovered today how to report the sighting. I can remember it clearly. The date was February 22 2014. I know because my wife was scheduled to be induced the following morning to give birth to my son. I was outside getting some fresh air before going to bed. I enjoy looking at the stars and planets before bed. It helps me relax. I caught something out of the corner of my eye as I was looking up. I just noticed movement at first. I glanced over and realized there was something about to pass overhead, and I thought it was a large bird. I started to look away when I realized that there aren't many birds that fly at night, especially as large as this was. As I looked closer it was very black. I could see it because it was blacker than the night sky background, which made it stand out. As I watched it approach it looked like a piece of caution tape, but black instead of yellow. It almost looked like one of those spiral shaped wind chimes that was floating or being carried by the wind. As it passed overhead it made absolutely no sound and I was able to tell that it was a fixed wing craft. It had a boomerang/ chevron shape with an egg like dome or "cockpit." It was flying about 5-10 feet over the tree tops. I could definitely tell it was no bird at this point from the size. It's wingspan was about 8-10 feet across, about the length of an SUV. It was very thin except for the "cockpit" bulge at the apex of the wings. It continued along in a straight line until I couldn't see it anymore. It never made a sound. I went inside to tell my wife, but she was going to give birth the next day and just wanted to go to sleep. She didn't want to hear about it then. In the morning I grabbed a pad and a pencil. I felt compelled to draw what I saw. I attempted the best I could while my wife was being induced, but I could never quite duplicate it. She accepted that I saw something and could tell it was bothering me, so she let me draw while we waited for her to dialate. After my son was born, it was hectic but I still tried to draw what I saw without success. I can still see it in my head to this day.
