{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-05-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493812","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65694","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2851,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/812/mufon-5493812.json","updb_database_id":5493812}
{rjl} I looked out to see a grey ball rising from right to left , looked down and quickly alerted my friend to it. We both watched it for 5-10 seconds. Then it disappeared

I was working in the garden with my neighbor. I stopped digging to catch my breath and looked out across the sky. I focused on what appeared to be a balloon. I looked away and down and thought I better get "J"s' attention quick. I said, "Hey, "J", what's that?" He looked up and I pointed it out. He and I watched it keep rising up at about a 45-degree angle, about 5-10 seconds. Then it stopped and turned like looking at a stick standing straight up. Then it disappeared. I asked "J", " Was that a UFO?" He replied, " I don't know!" We went back to working. It was not a balloon collapsing because I was staring right at it in total amazement as it went flat (stick like). The next day I asked "J", " What did you think of the UFO? Was it like 30 feet in diameter and maybe a mile or two away?" He answered, " I thought it was much larger and maybe 30 miles away." "J" was a Fire Department Captain and I've been an outdoorsman/handyman/letter carrier among other things. I have been into nature, animals, fishing, hunting, camping, hiking, etc., and never seen anything like that sighting. I'm 64 years old. Why report it now 11 years later? I was blessed to see it and the memory has remained fresh. I've been ridiculed for telling my story of how the UFO seemed to try to hide from our vision and that the occupants would have to be "stick people" and why wasn't it on the news, and do you really expect me to believe you were the only ones to see it out of millions of possible witnesses. It crossed my mind to report it back in 2004 but just thought that sightings are seen and reported all the time. I don't own a cell phone but if I had a camera in my pocket, it wouldn't have done much good because it happened too quickly. I'm not sure if "J" wants to tell his story. Feel free to contact me or come visit me for a firsthand, face to face description. The only problem with that is I am a laryngectomee. I lost my vocal cords to disease and surgery 6 months ago. I can speak a limited amount with the implanted voice prosthesis I have to communicate with.
