{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-08-15 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489812","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69794","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2471,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/812/mufon-5489812.json","updb_database_id":5489812}
object approached from the west, then it knew i saw it, stopped, descended, hovered, ascended then dissapeared

At Hobart crescent, Buckland estate (a council estate)as a youngster during the summer holidays, me and a friend were ''July bugging'' which involves hitting July bugs (Cockchaffers) with a badminton racket, and it was just after dark and we were laying under the outline of a firr tree to see the silouette of the bugs in the sky. from the west a blue/white light was moving slowly accross the sky and watched it for around a minute, meanwhile my friend was getting bugs and i was trying to figure out what it was, not a plane, helicopter, as no noise and no flashing lights, what else is in the sky in the early 90's? satelite? yeah most likely, then it stopped directly above. satelites dont stop. at this point i started to question everything thats happening,wierded me out, within a second or two of it stopping it almost fell down from the sky and it was really bright. i felt like it knew i was watching it. i am not exactly sure of how high and far from me but it was really far, so far i thought it was a satelite, then in an instant it wasn't anymore and the light got very bright, but i felt the urge to keep looking at it.
i felt like i was being shown something via the bright light, i wasn't scared at the time, it meant nothing, but 20 odd years later after wondering what happened everyday since, things start to piece together.  
telepathy or projection of information or a download is the only way i can explain it. i did not see any beings. i am not entirely sure how long it hovered for but i would say 4-5 mins, and in an instant after hearing my dad whistle me to go home, it shot off in sw direction very quickly and dissapeared over the hills. I was still laying on the bank, 
as for my friend, he remembers nothing.
i have never told anyone this story,
