{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1972-02-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476812","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83404","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2520,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/812/mufon-5476812.json","updb_database_id":5476812}
{jpg} A ufo at Nellis A FB, Nevada

In 1972 I lived in Las Vegas, Nevada. I was a divorcee with 4 children. A friend and I went up into this area by Nellis A FB and we're target practicing with soft feather darts. We came in off another road and we hiked to a spot. We Heard a noise and went to investigate. There in a fenced area was a huge UFO- it was surrounded by men with machine guns dressed in military uniforms. (My friend told me they were machine guns as I would not know) there were big lights on it the type you see on football fields. He was a photographer -I want to say for the Sun Times but I'm not certain on this name. He always had his camera with him and he shot pictures of it. I remember asking where is this -it was in a metal fence enclosure and there were buildings there. He said this is back side of Nellis AFB- he was very excited -I was in shock -we went back how we came- and immediately went to his newspaper where he worked. He called the head guy sorry cannot remember his name- he said we are going to run it on the first page. We were there a long time and he gave me 3 copies of the newspaper with the picture of this UFO. I don't recall how I got home I had called my sitter and said I'd be very late or early evening morn. The next morn I called my neighbor and asked her if she got the paper with UFO picture- she said there is no picture of any UFO -I said well I have 3 copies I'llc show you. When I went to get they were gone. I called my friend it said #disconnected. I called the paper the girl said no one there by that name. I went to his apt it was empty! I never heard from him again! I was terrified and NEVER told anyone -told my friend it was a dream. But it was not! I am 69 years old and even now have only told a handful of people. It still scares me. And worse I cannot remember his name! In fact not long after some stuff faded from my mind. But never what I have written here.
