{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-23 10:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504812","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54072","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3768,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/812/mufon-5504812.json","updb_database_id":5504812}
{cak} ONE LOOKED LIKE SUN AND ONE LIKE A SHIMERING OBJECT

It was on the January 23, 2014 around noon. I was cooking in the kitchen and a light was beeming from my balcony windows directly in my kitchen; it made me look outside and I noticed a shimmering object. I went out in the balcony and I was perplexed by this object because I have seen it until now alredy three times. This time the object had a big tail and I was thinking that it was ISON. I took a few digital fotos. Soon the sun appeared partially from behind the left side of my building, from east. I could observe with my binocular moving things around the partially appeared sun and some of those objects were very bright and changing colors and appeared like ladders to me. I took my video camera and I started filming but was so hard to look at the sun even with sun glasess, so at one point I filmed without looking at all at the sun. The sun appeared to have a dark halo and between halo and sun were a lot of movements of bell shape objects. I was looking to the object which was shimmering like a rainbow and had a long tail which appeared to be joing another object to the west much smaller. Some of those objects coming from behind the sun in the halo seemed to me that were going in and out from the shimmering object. I made very short videos because I felt my hands were burning from that light and also was bitter cold. I could not here any distinct noise but in the video if I am not mistaken is a strange sound but I do not know because the 401 is very close as well.
I was astounded seeing for the fourth time the same object. I watched this phenomenon until the shimmering object faded away and than I stopped filming. The sun was very bright that day around noon. In my videos are many, many objects swarming in that dark corona of the sun if that was our sun. I felt that I am blessed to see such phenomenon which does not happen every day and to every one. I can forward for now just fotos and snap shots from videos.
Also I have pictures of the moon and the same shape of bell objects flying close to the moon.
