{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-01-26 18:07:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282812","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120635","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4671,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/812/mufon-5282812.json","updb_database_id":5282812}
2 Orb UAPs Escorted by helicopter

After a friend and I hiked the switchbacks of Barr trail which meanders up Pikes Peak In Colorado Springs, Colorado…our trip was cut a bit short due to dusk falling quickly and so we decided to start heading back down the mountain trail.
Night had completely fallen by the time we reached the trail head, and as our Lyft hadn’t yet arrived, we wandered over and studied the topographic map of Pikes Peak and it’s landmarks and the history therein. This tranquility lull would soon be interrupted. At approximately 6:07 pm on a cold January 26th evening we noticed a grouping of bright lights to our SE coming towards us. If it weren’t for the unusual brightness of the front two lights I wouldn’t have grabbed my iPhone and hit record. 
At introductory glance these lights appeared to be one craft (as trio of lights were evenly spaced out and from our angle it appeared to have a triangular shape.) However as the shapes got closer I quickly realized I was wrong. 
In the distance I could hear the familiar whirr of a helicopter and I strained my eyes/ears because I figured the 2 bright lights in front were helicopters as well. Upon closer approach the orbs didn’t seem to making a sound at all. The parking lot created a natural amphitheater with the mountain as it’s back drop and the closer the grouping got the more clearly I could hear what was happening. 
My jaw dropped when I didn’t hear anything coming off the two lights (orbs), only the helicopter in the back. These orbs seemed to be leading the helicopter as the formation flew almost directly overhead. Notice In the video at the 12 sec mark a smaller bright flash occurs in front of the first orb, but for just a fraction of a second. (I didn’t see this until closer inspection of my video later) Similarly at 15 seconds another small flash blips between the 2nd Orb and the helicopter. Some other unusual small lights track under the orbs around the 34 second mark. Look closely. 
The formation continued on its trajectory over the peaks of the mountain and just to the right of some power lines. 
What really threw me off (as if this wasn’t strange enough) was the lead orb dissolving into nothing. It didn’t just wink out it almost seems to collapse down to nothing right before we should see it crest the peak. As if dissolving. Seeing this with the naked eye I gasped and accidentally took my thumb off the picture button which stopped the recording. I have an Apple iOS 12 max pro and The video mode is so much better then just holding down the picture button to capture a video but in my haste this was the option I chose. 
I kept my hands on my chest to steady my phone and tried to keep the capture in frame, and in doing so only caught a few glances with my eyes as I shifted back and forth between my screen and the sky. (And yes that is a lense flare in green that comes down at one point.) 
All in all I’m super happy I got to witness this event and feel incredibly blessed to have captured it on my iOS. I always keep my eye in the sky and do my due diligence to understand this phenomenon more clearly. It seems disclosures sure and steady drip on the UAP phenomenon is producing more evidence everyday and I try to stay objective and balanced. I try not to go down to many rabbit holes. It seems we’re on the path to being told what’s going on but at the end of the day, the narrative never ceases to puzzle me, especially on the vagueness of what these things are. Whether we’re alone or not, each thought is equally frightening, intriguing, and awe inspiring. Especially when witnessed yourself. 
My friend whom I was with also captured this on his phone (in video mode) and I have attached this as well for a second camera angle. Unfortunately he stopped recording before the first orb dissolved and the event ended. 

Okay yall have a good one and keep your eyes peeled. 😁 Peace.
