{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485812","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73914","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2394,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/812/mufon-5485812.json","updb_database_id":5485812}
{cak} did not witness landing, only the eye of the alien

Last August I was sitting on the front porch waiting for my dog's to do their thing, when all of a sudden all five dog's started barking like crazy. I've never heard them bark like that before, it's like they was ready to tear something apart, I tried to see what they were after but it was real dark that evening. Then all of a sudden this red eye appeared, looking at the dogs and me. It was across the road heading west, I mean the eye was so clear that I could see a gold ring around the red part.
I ran in the house to grab a flash lite but by the time I got back out it was gone, as though I thought, the dogs were on the west side of the fence barking with the same force. So I walked to the edge of the porch but I couldn't see a thing, even with the night light at the corner of the house, then the red eye appeared again looking at me and the dogs heading south thru the small wood between me and my neighbors house. It stood there for about 30 seconds and when I started to raise my light, the eye disappeared. to me it looked like a lizard's eye. It didn't seem in wanting to harm us so I didn't chase it. My question is I've been hearing reports about Bigfoot being dropped off or taken up in their space craft, suppose that's what the alien was looking for ? I have seen Bigfoot in the woods behind our house. There have been others that have seen him also. My feelings about all of this ? It all started in 1970 when I was sitting in a lawn chair looking up at the stars and seen a little bright light go from one star to another. You would not believe what I have witnessed thru the years. People would say I was nuts and crazy. I don't care, I know what I have seen and heard.    Thank you for your time. a true believer.
