{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-07 18:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520812","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35600","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3957,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/812/mufon-5520812.json","updb_database_id":5520812}
A very close range sighting of a craft in the shape of a flying saucer, with white round lights along the edge of its circular shape and one larger red light at the center which protruded from a dome or peek shape at the very center.

My sister and I were driving on Bob Hope Drive in Ranch Mirage, CA, three nights ago (2/7/12) and saw a craft right over Bob Hope Drive. It was at around 6:30 to 6:45 p.m. and the road was full of cars. I was driving in shock, with my eyes on the flying object. I kept asking my sister if she agrees that its a flying saucer type of craft and its absolutely unbelievable. She agreed. I almost got hysterical but tried to hold myself back from screaming in disbelief because my 3 year old was with us and also because I didn't want my sister to make fun of me later. It was so close to us and to the ground that I could have counted all the white, round lights. It had one light on top (I saw the red light in the middle as protruding from an dome or peek at the top of the craft). The bottom of the craft was not visible for most of the sighting except for a few seconds. It appeared to be in the shape of a cone. The bright, round lights along the circular edge of the craft turned on and off erratically. It started moving further away and we kept trying to follow it. It took me only about a minutes or so to turn right onto a side road so I can stop away from the busy traffic. By then, the craft was all the way over the mountains towards Joshua Tree (?). It was a little strange that it had gotten so far away even though it was seemingly flying quite slow. I wouldnt call it flying. It was moving in a circular motion, like a frizbee. As we were stopped and continued to watch it for a few minutes, it came back over an area in front of us. I believe its an empty desert area along Hwy 10. At this point, we were on a secluded road and my sister was a little frightened and joked about abductions. I wasnt brave enough to try to follow it any longer. It got further and further away in an easterly direction. Its absolutely unbelievable and very frustrating that no one else reported a sighting and there was no coverage on the local news. I guess people are either skeptical or embarrassed to report it. What we saw resembles the videos from recent sightings on the internet from Russia, San Rafael, CA, and uk. Someone also forwarded a link to a website to me where I found a report of a sighting over the same area (Hwy. 10 in Palm Desert) two days before our sighting. Someone has commented on it and described a sighting on the night of our sighting (Feb 7th) from his house in Palm Desert, CA. Please be certain that what I saw was a ufo in the shape of a flying saucer at pretty close range and very obvious. I am absolutely certain that it was not a weather balloon, blimp, cloud formation/aura, airplane, helicopter, etc. It looked and behaved like every flying saucer I have seen throughout the years in sci-fi movies. If it was a new, secret military craft in the shape of a flying saucer, I would be very impressed by it because it continuously stopped mid air. 

I know Im not allowed to post links to other websites but the two reports over Palm Desert area on the night of our sighting and two days before our sighting should not be overlooked. If you decide to contact me, I can forward the link to you.
