{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-09-13 08:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465812","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94937","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2685,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/812/mufon-5465812.json","updb_database_id":5465812}
sighted object,observed for 30 seconds.

I pulled into the Shell station at the corner of South 3d and Main in Hailey,Idaho approximately 8:30 a.m. om 9/13/18.
I observed a solid,structured craft to the South at an altitude of what I estimated to be 300 ft. above ground level and 100 yards to the south of my position.
It was not a conventional fixed or rotary wing aircraft. It was not a balloon or a conventional drone. It seemed in an odd location since it was in the proximity of the North end of the runway at the Hailey airport.
I observed this object for approximately 30 seconds until I moved around the car to get a better look.I took my eyes off the object for about 10-15 seconds. When I looked again, the object had completely disappeared from sight.
At the time,visibility was greater than 2 miles with low clouds down to around 2000 ft. My field of vision was clear from horizon to horizon.
There were no sounds or emissions.
The object appeared to be a tapered rectangle and I estimated the size to be around 6'X 6'X 3' (estimated). Surface color was dark, possibly grey/black. There appeared to be external apparatus on the surface closest to me. I couldn't determine which side was the 'front'.

I first observed it when I was pulling into the gas station, looking out for traffic.
My first impression was that it could have been a balloon or drone,but rejected those possibilities after a few seconds of observation.
What really struck me as odd was how quickly and completely it had disappeared.
I didn't really have any feelings about it other than trying to identify it. 
Curiously, when I left the station and went about my business, I didn't have any thoughts or think about the incident until later that evening.
I did make a rudimentary sketch of the object the following day.

Note; I am a former U.S. Army Air Defense Artillery Officer and have had extensive training in Visual Aircraft Recognition. 
I also am very aware of the fact that there are many unusual things in the sky,especially in this region,that are not extraterrestrial.

Thanks

Joe Betti
