{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-07-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477812","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82339","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2900,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/812/mufon-5477812.json","updb_database_id":5477812}
{rjl} was in 4th grade. Our family was camping. There was a severe thunder storm. I called for help with a walkie talkie. Saw 4-5 bluish small

My family was camping on an island in Lake Kabetogema, in northern Minnesota. There was a severe thunder storm with lightning strikes very close and frequent. I called for help using a walkie talkie. Reached a human service person (forest service?) who could provide no assistance due to the storm severity, remoteness of the site, and late night hour. I think lightening hit our tent. I had burned hair near the base of my neck. Sometime during the night 4-5 small bluish somewhat apparition-like beings entered the tent. They did "rectal probes" on me and my family (4 people total). They explained this was a medical exam. I'm not sure where the dog was at this time. 

Four trees were cut down and places around the perimeter of the tent. A 6 foot ? approximately-burn/bake circle was left on the ground with a fresh, crisp looking edge. (different than a fire ring). The tree cuts were very smooth, no saw dust. 

Sometime that morning I saw a large (8-10 feet tall) pink colored apparition-like man, no clothes but no body details visible. I recall this presence was reassuring and comforting.

Some other encounters followed for a year or so. Beings visited and talked to me in our family home. I once was pulled into the air from our deck. My parents grabbed me and I grabbed a tree. It felt like something was "sucking" me into the air. I heard someone say I would be dropped from a great height and crushed on a tree. Previous to this I had communicated to hostile-feeling beings that they could land on a cloud, they may have died attempting to do this. It seemed like a revenge type of threat was happening. My impression was that these were different entities, reptile like people, large, male. 3-4 appeared in the house where I gave them a tour and they ate some food and beer. They disappeared suddenly. One appeared sick, with scales peeling or "fluffed" out. He seemed to recover a bit from eating Tang drink mix. I kept one skin "scale" from these beings but this was removed from the house by men in black suits. I seemed to have further "telepathic" type communication with some beings for a time. They could appear and leave instantly.
