{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-08-12 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466605","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94085","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3124,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/605/mufon-5466605.json","updb_database_id":5466605}
{cak} Bright, starlike object making random turns/stops/hovers for several minutes

I was sitting in my truck on 3rd St, Tillamook, OR and decided to see if I could site one of the Perseid meteors, as I knew the shower was happening this evening, 12 Aug 2018. I saw a bright star-like object moving quickly across the sky, almost directly above. There was no trail, so I was certain it wasn't a meteor, and I thought first it was an aircraft, though it was moving very fast from the ESE to WNW, and seemed too fast for a high-flying jet. I also immediately considered the potential of a satellite, but again it was moving much faster than any satellite I've ever seen.. However, it suddenly STOPPED in it's tracks and began moving erratically. 

I knew that was unusual and as I continued watching it, it began making random turns, starts, and stops, sometimes moving in a straight line, sometimes making short zig-zag movements. I was bracing my head against the frame of my truck's driver window, to insure I did't move. I watched the object for about five minutes and it continued the random motions the entire time. The object retained its brightness throughout the time I watched it, and I was unable to determine it's distance from me.

My credentials include a lifelong interest in aircraft and space craft of all types, and significant experience with high-powered hobby rocketry. I am a member of Tripoli Rocketry Assn, with a membership number under 500, and a personal altitude record for one of my rockets at 12,500+ feet AGL @ Black Rock Desert, NV. My Experimental Aircraft Assn membership number is slightly above 80000. My father was an Air Force B-17 through B-52 command pilot, retiring after 24 years military service. I work as a medical professional, with over 4.5 decades in my field of specialization, and served in the U S Army for over 9 years.

I honestly don't know what I saw tonight, but it didn't display any of the normal flight characteristics of an aircraft, fixed- or rotor-wing, any spacecraft/satellite I've ever heard of or personally seen, a meteor or star/planet, or any other "normal" aerial craft or phenomena. The object was pinpoint bright, similar to a star or planet, yet it's erratic, abrupt motions ruled out any "standard" explanation. It was, to me, a UFO, an Unidentified Flying Object, but I make absolutely no claims as to the origin of this erratically moving light near the zenith in the sky.

I would be willing to swear an oath as to the truth of this statement.

RPG
