{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1984-07-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492605","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66926","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3877,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/605/mufon-5492605.json","updb_database_id":5492605}
{rjl} UFO/USO sighting in Maui, Hawaii

My UFO/USO sighting is one that took place about thirty one or so years ago. I must have been at least 18 or 19 at the time. Date and Time is approximate. But I do know it must have been after I turned eighteen as the clubs back then and the legal age for alcohol consumption was eighteen. the event itself is as clear as day. But as the years have passed I have kept this incident for the most part to myself.

In the late evening hour at or around 9:30-10:30 p.m. (time is approximate)in 1984 or 85 while a friend drove both he and I from central Maui to West Maui to go to what was then the hottest night club at one of the resorts. As usual we were both excited to get there as most teenagers are. But on this particular night I noticed on the mountainside above the highway near and past the Maalaea boat harbor along the coast a singular green light hovering. My first thought was that it couldn't have been a helicopter because it was a green ball of light and to be hovering above the ground without a spotlight would be dangerous as there are power lines in certain areas. The highway itself has numerous turns and the visibility towards the mountainside is intermittent. But as the passenger I focused my attention on the green light. It hovered for what seemed like minutes until I lost sight of it. But as we drove on, I noticed upon one of the turns while looking in the opposite direction at the coast that there was a series of green lights or orbs in a straight line much like what one would see on an airport landing strip at night in the water heading in the direction of the island of Kahoolawe. I am not certain of the amount but there appeared to be at least 6 to 8 and as the one furthest out glowed bright, the one nearest the shore seem to fade as it moved. As we kept driving now out of sight and view of the lights in the water I remained with my entire body turned to the back of the car looking through the rear window to try and see anything but at that point we had gone past the point of seeing that far back.

My friend was asking me what I was looking at then I asked if he had seen the lights both on the mountainside and in the water, he said he didn't. He thought I imagined the whole thing or made it up and didn't take it seriously. We went on to our destination. Years later after he moved to the mainland and married and then returned home for a visit I asked him again if he remembers seeing those lights, he said he didn't. He asked if I was serious after all these years. I know I wasn't imagining it as that memory comes back to me every so often in a dream or even when driving along that very coastline.

I had once seen an televised episode of USO's a year ago or so and it was just like reliving what I had seen so many years ago down to the green lights used in the episode. Yet I still remained silent. But it was only until a Hangar 1 episode that talked about the reasons why so many sightings go unreported that I finally realized that there was no shame to reveal and share my experience to get answers in hopes that perhaps others may have witnessed the same thing. I know I'm not crazy and to the very core of my being I know I saw something that night whether it can or can't be explained.
