{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-03-09 02:29:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502605","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56394","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":30946,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/605/mufon-5502605.json","updb_database_id":5502605}
alien entity encountered, have photo of object from alien- enclosed, made by an alien- yellow primroses again- real flower

The yellow box in the photo has a real dried flower in it and others with it. It's under glass and we dropped it more than a few times but it's still not totally broken. Dried primrose flower looks kinda like parchment paper when light shines thru it. Or it has some type of look to it anyways that is similar. other dried flowers are in with it as an accent to it. Box is turned sideways so you can't see it that good in the photo. We have it up in the closet now under a sarong way in the back up on top -the top shelf. 
An alien who appeared as a female sold it to us at a garage sale which she runs in her home all the time. It's an MIB in disguise as a female. she had it like a store in there. We went over and they had advertised and got a few things. The other kid there still had the jewelry box last we heard that she got there. This is a flower in a box- both romancey gifts and they sold? hard to recall all of it but it had gambling items, bar items - don't recall all of it. We got this and she said- a man made that for her and gave her it. Then the other girl had the jewelry box and the alien watched her with that and followed her as she got it and picked it up and looked at it. The alien lifted his head up as she lifted the jewelry box up. etched glass and soldered brass kind- pretty small size jewelry box. We saw shot glasses and said they were cute baby glasses- the alien looked at us then sharply. Then she got that and it followed her with the jewelry box. It kept going in and out cooking and got the phone, too. It called another alien apparently and said- they're here now... They were waiting for us to show up apparently and had the sale year round, but we never hung out in there. We didn't go back even- they had hte stuff though like a store though realy. So she was cooking and kept stirring on the stove something and going in and out. The kid asked if she was cooking something- she said yes. Maybe she said she cooks for the dogs- she sold dogs, too. The dogs were there and had won many ribbons that were all over the garage. 
The living room didn't have much junk in it. Very big back yard. There was something strewn across the floor in the living room. It seems it was static realy and sort of appeared there though. Some piece of fabric or something. A couch and tv, phone, table and chairs- kitchen stuff. 
It kinda reminded us of another aliens house who we visited once. He had a similar kitchen and something stirring on the stove. A phone and kitchen table set there and the couch in living rm. - similar floorplan then bd rm's were down a hall on other side. They had a hall and rooms and the other was similar. The other aliens house had upstairs and basement. They stir stuff on the stove and the one said to us umm - beans! they liked to cook refried beans often he said. They liked mild salsa he said, also later on. The alien watched us and it was not normal. The call is similar to an alien who called from our phone a few times at least. He'd say- I'm here... The guy said - they're here now. She's getting out of the shower the alien told his friend on the phone and he got off the phone. He went in and out stirring on the stove. Regular junk in the aliens house- it's strange what the aliens come up with. There it seems like everything appeared in it's place though. But he's visible because he's tamind the dogs- raising them in a home environment so they're not mean. Also, you could see the alien sometimes. There you don't see many people out at the houses around there. A few began to appear and go from the front door to cars and noise some. And we went back a year later and same thing - but we went back realy years later and saw it the same thing always- more than once. coz we lived there in the 70's and went back and like in the 80's same stuff going on- same cars and houses. A woman made noise cooking often- she's an alien, too. Her son told us that all the people that live in all the houses around there you don't see them, but they come to his house at night. One told him he'd be good at fighting when he grows up- it'd come natually to him because he's short like that. It's true it lowers his center of gravity and since he's stocky and a male- then he's got natual martial arts ability. He said he saw him out there with us - we had gotten into a fight. His mother went out and saw him and looked sideways at him and later asked him why he was so angry recently. She had been over once before asking questions to us and mad. She thought we were making him pay money to be friends- she saw it wasn't true so said it's okay. The 2nd time she said they're moving because that's her son. We had told him something and he got mad and they moved to a big 2 story house. We later saw him at the middle school though and on the bus at least a couple times. For some reason we didn't ride it many times to see much of anything, but at least a couple times we did apparently. He was down the hall because he was in 6th grade then there must've been. He appoligized for breaking the art project toy we had made. Our disownee woman must've told us we could make another tv. Realy, he was doing some good martial arts with it. We've been learning that stuff. He was watching us like the film from China - dvd movie called - The Peeping Tom ? yes, he gets a video camera and films- he's a serial killer. They wanted him to seem otherworldly and the best martial artist ever. He was looking at them like that similar to how he was at the garage. He had kicnapped her and her sister from their flat/ apartment. We recall Gacy got caught around that time- John Wayne Gacy, the serial killer. We were once online with - more than once a terrorist hitman- one of the best hitmen. He behaved similarly, too- it was fake and he was lieing making it up, but he was pretending. We had went to a chat site after a year or more offline and ran right into someone in there. So then the guy showed up and he seemed to usually be showing up pretty fast if we went on and someone spotted us on the chats. So, it wasn't long before he showed up and - we didn't know they were at the website. It is from the middle east though and was one of the first chat's online. Israel made it and pioneered the internet- ICQ.com and they got into computers in that country after farming 1st. It's easy to log on there - no forms to fill out or anything or it got easy when they made little chat rooms. First, there was the ICQ pager that you had to get a number for. We still got that first no. we got wrote down somewhere with a password. 
We clicked many on the selections- we've seen ufo's. Some were seen hovering around there. At night in our backyard one was lit up wiht dials and guages- looked like a van from what little we can remember. We were drugged by some smoke and put on a doctor table in the back of a van that havered over the grass out in the backyard. A man was out and saw it and it was after midnight when it was out there. He said somethign weird was out in the backyard last night. He lived one yard over. We recall being drugged sometimes with a white smoke that must've been opium. It made us feel realy good- it's opiates- pleasure chemicals. If there was a fire noone may care on that stuff- it may knock them out, too or they may not care, but heroin's made from that stuff. With heroin they won't care- it's a stronger drug and used to be considered medicine. Later we were given that it seems like after we were 18 when being abducted sometimes. Sometimes at night the house smelled like sulphur. That's associated with badly haunted locations. Unfortunately our disownee people would air the house out before getting us up so it was mostly gone when we got up. She blamed it on incense- but there were no incense. When going thru sulphur springs, tx they said- does it stink here? Realy it's named after springs, not sulphur. springs and or water brooks - it's like that so they named it that. We would love to find real sulphur somewhere. Surely, they don't put it in incense or it'd stink not smell good. 
The alien lives across the street from a woman who said that she had previously been extremely extremely heavily heavily involved in witchcraft before moving there. She said she noticed weird people moving into the neighborhood and was goign to try to get out of it when they moved. So there is hardly noone in their neighborhood now- wiht many expensive houses there and noone around. It's not just her street, but all around there. All the side streets, behind there and on that road and one past there and up the hill and there's aliens in all the neighborhood's round there, too. There's one on the hill and there's just lots in the neighborhood across from there and up the hill- that's round the corner if driving. But her neighborhood's a bit weird with so few people there. It's not so weird if you believe aliens are normal. 
aliens there appear as people and animals. me and her little kid both saw her peeking at midnight out the window over the ktichen sink. a voice got us up at midnight in her dark house and said to go outside that the door wasn'tlocked. we didn't, but we saw her peeking out the window intot he sky up there. She has one small spell book in her dresser droor and a box up on the top shelf in the bd. rm. walk-in closet with voodoo dolls dressed like people with pins sticking in various body parts on the doll. One doll had a string wrapped around and around one hand and the neck of the doll. We don't know what these spells mean- there is a film from Thailand that showed that on the previews to it. We never bought that film. It's in Thai and it was advertised on a muay thai dvd from a us martial arts video seller online. We got some when we first got on ebay. Somethign filmed in thailand or somewhere in SE asia. It wasn't the pro's, but it was the fighters doing fights and getting up to the pro's. may have been a box sex of multi-colored dvd's. There's no subtitles or english letters on the dvd's. Don't know the title- maybe it said: Sworn Revenge. Or that's a different video that looked weird to us realy. We didn't get it also, but a similar thing happened here - the fruit went bad that was there on the doorknob after we walked by it. The cia may have made the films. They are making the kinda films out there that they quit makign here years ago. A certain kind of films- supernatual suspense thrillers or something. The cia may have made peeping tom, too. Much similar things to here and we recalled cia follwing us as usual when that type of thing happens. They pulled over and we had almost got hit by a car and it's in the film- similar. We had a video camera. There was a serial killer and they did put on the local news about him. His boss said he tells him to get back to work when he begins to follow a new vicitm. He followed me many times there and that's what happened. CIA was following us maybe round town there. They lived there and its' a big spy area. Once we saw so many people and we have seen the kgb there, too. He killed over a hundred kids here and same in California- they didn't catch him for those. We found evidence that he did that though and we told fbi online but noone pays much attention to it. He's the one who did it. We lived there and saw him - we found stuff linking him to there and doing all the serial killer stuff and everything. He was copying Gacy. Luckily they made cash register receipts sturdier in the 70's- it doesn't seem like now they'd last so long. We were able to link him to the area of all the missing kids in California out there. It was in a bag of hidden Gacy type stuff - serial killer stuff that we had even seen him using as serial killer type stuff. 
Aliens there appeared as various characters, some kids and some senior characters. You think that's why you don't see them out, but noone's ever seen anything out there. On Halloween - there was a man who lived there and said he lived there for a long time or soemthign seems like. He said they do it every year though- turn their house into a haunted house. We saw him going out to his car and in often when we'd go outside of the house. Our disownee woman said look at that guy- look at him- we never saw him until he went to the kitchen to get candy to give us for halloween. Some kids had come out from down the hall in there. He was sneaking up on me is what he was doing. He did that there on Halloween- in the hallway - he'd creep down the hall and all. Never seen that elaborate of a spook house in someone's home. They made a real fancy one from an old farmhouse in that state once. It had teeki torches and tall johnson grass and if one knocked over- the huge antique farmhouse that they turned into a spookhouse would've burned down with everyone trapped inside. Also, everyone was standing in the trampled johnson grass field, too. it was extremely dangerous. JC's had one and we were gonna leave, but the boy insisted we stay and he liked it, but we didn't. That's for acting students from schools and the other one was realy fancy. JayCee's- that's for locally trained stage actors- and it's completely different from what they are doing in Hollywood. We did't take drama class, but we heard the teacher telling the students that. If they had known that it wasn't Hollywood they'd not have taken it probably. They were all saying they want to be famous and were gonna take drama. For Hollywood you take photography and art maybe and hope they do some modern art in there. They probably will not do any of it or not much. They do all kinds- tv shows use it. Fashion designers- we saw a bellydance outfit from Mtv in some foreign country- that's like middle school art class did- a rustic design. E. Europe and Mid-East Mtv award show- romania probably. they did modern dance. They put kids up front on the show- more than they did here seems like. The woman and kid down from there moved out and noone ever saw who moved in there after that though. They appeared as similar looking female aliens seems like around there a few times at least. The other 2 were watching me a lot. One's eyes were fixed on me from the moment he appeared and walked out to the door. The other got up and ran off everytime we went by so you know he was watching you then. He'd turn his back to us and there were mirrors all over the store he owned. Can almost imagine he was naked for a second behind the clothes, but maybe not. he'd move clothes around on the racks -sliding them over. He was up to something the disownee woman said. She said not to go in there- there she goes- she's up to something in that store - Sassafras- don't go in there. She didn't like the store. The dressing rooms were open and mirrored and red and very huge. She said it's like someone was in there watching and she said ooh iiii dooont liiiike thiiis. There was someone invisible in there or half invisible watching people try on clothes. That is a mall the aliens own. They put it in and the weird crazy woman always would say- a mall goes in down the street- we should use it. She'd send her kid and her friend there all the time. Our folks just had us in our room goign nuts apparently - but they were at war with us always. They said also that we had noone to go with to the mall and you had to have someone to go with. The aliens scared her there- she heard them talking saying - we need to kicnap more people. they had long hair and wore rock t-shirts and she was scared of them guys. whenever we would ever go by any malls there'd be dust devil's, but seems last time we looked for once we didn't see any. It's only when we were there she said. And the stores we went in had loud rock music playing in them - blaring out the stores. They run the offices- they own the mall. 
They took the disownee man's mother there to show her the mall once. She said - yeah, i seen it. it's nice. he said isn't it nice. a fancy shopping mall - she was from the country in another state. She left there and she said that something was going on there- where are all the people (in that weird neighborhood)- she said- she knows her kids and they're always up to something. she said something's going on. the kids are always up to something- that they couldn't afford that expensive house- he was just a bus driver. so there's that and the weird neighborhood where you never see anyone out in any of those houses. so maybe she was right on that. but she said she heard god talking to her and it wasn't true. that was an alien. there was an alien and he abducted me the next night and said he had done something to her the previous night. he drugged her in there and then got us. he was talking to us - he told us he's a demon. so he got us and must've took us outside or something to a ufo. his friend said he's a demon to us, also. they would ask us if we liked them and the records. the alien promised to be like on the records if we shut the door and we did. or was that another time. there was opium that time. all drugged laying there. we shut it loud and he was mad and grabbed us - he got down fast from the attic. fast and quiet as can be and was waiting to get us when we went around the corner. seems like a lot of aliens were in the house that night. sometimes MIB's came over like that. They said someone was in the house and we were doign something coz they heard us shut the door. we denied it. there was no sexy record stuff like on KISS or Alice Cooper Lp's. They teach kids to marry a demon on those Lp's. They're like Halloween records and that's why kids like them. They got us them when we were real little elementary school kids. That's not too good. Maybe the kids weren't cute kids so it made it seem like a good idea or something. That's awful little though, also it scares the heck out of little kids. We felt like screaming every night when we woke up in bed in the middle of the night. We never did because we figured they'd think we were crazy. Still even if we did they'd probably not link it to those records. We had one for show n' tell in 2nd grade once even. That's not very good for school and in 3rd grade they sent us to school with a huge KISS poster for show n' tell and many kids got into that music from that. One girl wound up killing herself- dont know if it's the records- probably not. She had problems at home everyone would always say and she planned that for years- we saw her. Then a guy killed hisself. We met him then it was on tv- he killed hisself and his brother assured us that it was coz of drug addiction. It seemed like he may have done it because we ignored him though. At school they'd write- for a good time call 679-7039 or whatever and put our name on there. The school put it in the school file that we were writing that on the bathroom wall at school. they said she's doign something to get everyone to write that about her all over. and it'd have to go in the school file. they got our number off the bathroom wall and called and we didn't meet them like the number promised. and then he shot himself. seemingly over that- he was ignored and had wanted to meet in person to attack us. later his brother and friend came over from the drug rehab. those 2 boys were always into trouble and had gotten into taking codeine. that was his little brother who got the number and his big brother was in high school. we were in the middle school. again a boy came over to the other house from the number on the wall and they were looking for a place to rape us. him and the dumb girl laughed all day at school doign dirty jokes- with the baseball bat he pretended it's his penis and would put it between his legs and lower and raise it. its' all they did all day all year in 5th grade. our disownee woman saw the photo of that, she doesn't know they did it all the time. she'd just sit there and smile like that. 
a horn is stuck honking now 2: 20 am - it appears to be same time we got up yesterday morning. the school file's full of bad gossip and rumors which follow us all over wherever we go. well, the boys said it wasn't true when they got to the house but ppl love gossip like that and for some reason they believe it. we were attacked lots though. little kids dont want men sticking their hands up their bra. why would they like that. that is way over their level maybe- they'd probably like to do kid type stuff more. i told the man no and he wouldn't listen. also, little kids realy no men should be asking them for sex maybe. it appears as some kind of pedophile stuff maybe even though we were 10 or 11 and he was 15 or 16. It's kinda weird. They say our school files full of tons of real real bad stuff. That is meant to let colleges known not to give scholarship money to the kid. they must've felt they didn't want us goign to any college and it's waste their money on us or something. also, they do it to be mean. the teachers gave us bad looks all time after viewing the file. people love gossip though. the man finally said we was a little kid and a whore and the boys said we was not like the bathroom wall said and not like the photos we sent them. playing with the camera. whatever. people are always saying that we were in love with the man and he was 18 and we were 12. little bitty kid - and the disownee woman even told the boy that we weren't in love with a man- it was a dog we were in love with. but she always sayse - you sure looooved him. and acts all serious about it and even accused the dumb girl of sleeping with him and stealking him away. she sayse- that girl was not anyone's friend. we said later we aaid- how they were not our friends. but she's thinking the girl steals guys. now she doesn't realy do that- she told us on the phone. she'd never do that. the disownee woman sayse- he was yours. i realy don't think he was. also, he was trying to kill us out there. him and the girl- his sister. if a man tells a 12 year old or 11 that he loves her- a niaive kid has to tell him it back- it doesn't mean it is real. because we said that people all believe it. and the school guys aren't lookin to marry- that's the last thing they'd want surely. 
we can put pics of mafia activity here, too. the one's just the dining/ living room and the box is yellow on the table there. there's a grass mat from india by it on the table & a barrette maybe on top of that. That'd be somethign we put in the shed to store and it probably was thrown in the trashcan. It coulda been donated or sold- hauled off somewhere. We were only talking of cleaning and called it junk finally and she threw out all of the storage stuff out there in the boxes in the shed. That was everything we ever owned. We had hauled much junk out. You can't keep every junk you even picked up in a tiny one bedroom apartment. It just does not fit. Or at least in a way that could be called clean or neat or stylish. If it's traditional style it maybe had to go- that's one way to weed out some junk from all of the junk piles in the house. Model homes dont have junk all over. It's because that is junkey, not clean, dirty, filthy and junk piled up. Also, you may not want all that junk. But we'd donate it or something first. that's wasteful. Also, important files were hid in each box and pile that was hauled out. 
It was mountains in here with a small curving path to the back door that had to be tiptoed down to read it. That's like in the other state in the country there was a trail like that. There was also a rattlesnake on that trail and the girl was taking me out to beat me up out there is what it was. she said we hear the snake rattle each time- it was a winding trail. that's kinda weird. it could be a witchcraft voodoo spell or something. we had pictures, but store kept sending them back of some stuff maybe from then, but maybe not that mass. at least 2 times we fell in the mess tripping and falling over onto piles of junk. we had metal from a spaceship and a bottle too from it and she threw them in the trashcan along withthe videos that they matched. cia surely did those. it's titled- naked poison 1 and 2. the metal on there is mirrored and flipped, but looks just like our spaceship metal looked. it was put out there for safe keeping from the mafia. she had moved them into her house though and was hanging out with them also her adoptive son probably has them out there in the house, too. They keep saying they're gonna rob her.They seem to go around and let kids in and people and they see money and try to get it all for themselves and steal it. people heard of fancy luxury house we lived in and try to steal then - here all they said after that is always- they got money!!!!!!!!!!!!!! they got money!!! they got money!!! i bet they do not- country people with no high school diploma even- working cafe's and cash registers- bus driver. that's not particularly high paying probably. managing yes, but it isn't like they seem to be implying. manager of a gas station. that's working class. 
the dvd's are similar to real and it was a flying saucer - it made some men act weird and turn into about to attack or something. supposedly they lost their senses for 15 minutes then get back to normal. ufo's fly from down rd. by martial arts school. 
with the shirts- there was 3 flannel shirts we got 4 total and an airplane came out there- flying around and hit the drummers air vent- ruined soundproofing in the garage there. dokken drummer mick brown / they made a set like it for lynch mob concert - it was on tv after the geraldo special after intruders cbs mini series. cia gets me near a tv show and they'll put me on it- they put us on there lots seems like. i doubt we need another roswell, but maybe so you can see it. forgot what it was. that is with the report from other day 15th. they did blues music. it's all loud and not that great realy. geraldo special they did lots of them on us. they did 2 on our HS term papers. high school. 
an alien used to say if the vent filters dirty it's real bad to us all the time. it's real bad. we'd say what's that and they'd say it's the AC vent filter and that they'd better get a new one and that we only notice them when they were dirty. sure in apartments they change them every year.
an alien was there the day when they got the idea for that nikita video. we had a pic of a suspicious mafia maybe motorized hang glider and some edited pics, but it's hard to find them on here. 
that shows kinda a messy room, but that looks like after much junk was hauled out. People may not want all that junk. Knick-knacks junk piled everywhere- you have no room to put anything. The country cute souvenirs- they had to go- when cleaning we just said it's got to be modern or it has to go - things like that gets much junk hauled out. People may not understand that collections may be good decor accents, but we collected everything and it's too mcuh and peoples styles may change. It could be changed to fit new styles maybe some of it. You're suppose to keep apartments clean - it's a rule or you can get kicked out. The hang glider is real weird it's rainbow colored and we were saying about that kind of colors and it was out there. There is one every year out there, but it's weird. It may be the mafia. Also, the workmen out there recently could be the mafia although one seemed to be a here usual mafia worker only, but the rest was mexican. They all went by at weird times though and said odd things. ai ai ai ai ai ai baile me encanta- what's that. we didn't hear it all. seems we said that or thought it - mafia often seems to watch too much then they seemed to know your thoughts- our eyes maybe told our thoughts. we said somthing yesterday like that in here that time and then tought the rest maybe. baile- dance? me encanta hi? or love? - i'm disabled dancing isn't for that although we got the horton class goin'. from ailey school- it's hard - howdy dance? weird. mafia sounds behind us watching our typeing from cams in roof or also on bugging the keyboard keystrokes. we been out where the cia is and seen that. it's easy to do apparently. they had copied them dumb shoeboxeson a porch over us - junk everywhere and you can break rules if they like you. if they don't like you that kind of junk piled porch- it was stockpiled with garbage- can get you thrown out in apartments. our cameras zoom's broken but we zoomed in with the paint computer program. oen females hells angels mafia associate. she wore navy coz we said we liked it. she's copyig us from the same time day before in the kitchen - standing out there parallel to in here by stove. ther's hidden cameras in all the rooms in this apartment. 
we had so much junk, some people may wanna hoard it, but not all. it gets to the point it's scary - a man had junk in an attic and a snake was in there. the nikita show is about me and nikita does that- on the dvd box sets it tells extra's like designing nikita. she changed some of the sets, but rocoo was the production designer and he had it planned first. i wonder what he had planned on it. you'd think metal stuff- she maybe did that- sure, but - i dont know. she spraypainted the walls- we'd have done that when we were 13. she wanted it to be like an alley- street kid- i'm not sure if we were ever that smart- they wanted us out but we had no idea there's beaches you are suppose to move to in california. too sheltered for street smarts maybe. them workmen if they leave chips on my porch again i'm stealin them but we may not be so lucky again. 2 days they did though. rob their truck. what if they are part of the gang. then that's real dangerous- this whole area is all gangs- some upstairs and one down isn't, but much is.
