{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-07-14 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467605","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93061","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3968,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/605/mufon-5467605.json","updb_database_id":5467605}
{dr}Was driving saw basket ball size object approach and cross my path over my hood and kept going.

I grew up in a small town in New Mexico called Las Vegas. Yes it was Las Vegas before Las Vegas was Las Vegas. I became a police officer in 1979 and planned on doing it for a year then go to college. Well, 1 year turned to 20+. My career advanced and I became an Investigator with over 1200 hours of advanced and specialized training. I rose through the ranks and in 1988 I left the Las Vegas Police Department where I held the rank of Deputy Chief to go to work for the New Mexico Department of Justice. After that stint of 5 years I left. In 1998 I was hired as Chief of Police in my home town of Las Vegas New Mexico. Population 16,000, police compliment of 45 or so officers. Well my children were in Albq.& I was divorced so every weekend I could I would drive to Albuquerque and pick up one or more of my kids for the weekend. Circa July of 2000 I had picked up my daughter and we were driving back to Las Vegas, we had passed Santa Fe and again on I-25 south of Santa Fe just before dusk we saw an object. I was driving and off to my right I saw what looked like a gold basket ball size object approaching the highway in front of me... It moved from left to right and for a moment I thought it would hit us or we would hit it but it somehow maintained an approach that lead it directly to my vehicle where it rose from it's approx 5 foot level to a height just above my hood and moved directly over my hood, never getting closer to my windshield, then passed, lowered and disappeared to the left side back into the trees on the opposite side of the highway. Not a word was said between my daughter and I for a few seconds. I then said "Did you see that?" My daughter with an amazed look on her face said, you mean that "silver" ball that just almost hit us? Well I saw a gold ball, she saw silver but we both saw it.. She said it was like the size of a soft ball, as I said earlier, I thought the size of a basket ball... I did not say much to anyone. In my position, I would receive some negative reaction. There are always people and politicians that want a reason to say you are crazy, but my daughter and I remember... Now Finally, in 2014 (+/-) I was in bed sleeping when I woke up to go to the bathroom. My wife was fast asleep. As i sat to the side, I looked at the clock and it was 3:15 a.m. Just then I saw a ball similar to the one I I saw in 2000 enter the bed room right through the wall near the ceiling. It crossed the room and went out the opposite wall. Only took a second or two.. This time I did see it as Silver about the size of a baseball. A dream maybe? Well I looked at the clock and it was 4:10 a.m. 55 minutes had gone by. I didn't need the bathroom but as far as I recall, I didn't use it. I woke my wife to tell her.. She later said I messaged her feet. I have no recollection of that. To my knowledge, I have never sleep walked and I know it was not a dream... I have no explanation for anything I saw in all three instances. Being an investigator, I deal in facts. The only facts I know is that I saw objects I cannot explain and on one occasion I lost time. I do tell this story to friends and all think it is strange. i HAVE NEVER seen an alien, I don't think..lol THAT'S MY STORY AND I'M STICKING TO IT. Hope I didn't bore you all. :-)
