{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511605","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46757","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2564,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/605/mufon-5511605.json","updb_database_id":5511605}
{cak} large object moved across sky with speed of a shooting star, blocked light from stars.

I was visittng my horses down the street in Lake Elizabeth, Ca. This is semi rural North Los Angeles County in the Angeles National Forest. The sky is very clear. We are about thirty miles from Edwards AFB. I believe the time was 9:30 to 10 at night. I made a post on my Facebook page and the first response was at 11pm. I was gazing up at the stars. An object moved across the sky at great speed. The speed was similar to that of a shooting star. Although I was in a shallow canyon, I did have view of a large portion of the sky. The object was first noticed about 45 deg from a nominal flat horizon to the West. The oject moved roughly West to East to around 45 deg from the opoosite horizon until I lost view. This is a great arc across the visible sky. The object blocked the light of the stars, like a shadow running across the ground. Above I checked "transparent" I was not sure if I could see the stars behind/through the shadow. The size is impossible for me to quantify. If I was standing starring at the night sky and I had my arm reaching up to the stars, My thumb or a thumb and a half could have been the width of the object that blocked the star light. The moment this happened I felt an overwhelming awe rush through me. I had nothing in my mental data base that could explain what I had just seen. I finished up my chores and went up to the house. The horses were kept at my wifes sister, Shelly, house. I was still all worked up from the sighting. I told the story to my wife, Deb, to Shelly and a few others. Shelly was on her last day or two of life from a battle with melanoma. Shelly saids "its me". She had a good sense of humor but the comment left us all kind of speechless for a moment. I now work evenings and get to listen to George Nory on the way home. It was through his show that I heard of MUFON and was encouraged to report my sighting.
