{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-21 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501605","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57433","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2911,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/605/mufon-5501605.json","updb_database_id":5501605}
{rjl} brown V shape flat nose 3 redish lights 1 @ each end 1 infront flew level and dropped straight down 3 times then a 90degree sharp turn to iys right maybe west of Boston

about 8:15 PM the Sunday after the Marathon bomber was caught in 2013. I went outside to take in the USA flag as I looked up to grab it .I saw something strange in the sky .I live not far from Logan airport , I see a lot of different aircraft when Logan uses a certain landing strip I see the planes going from my left to right when I look towards the north east and fairly low and can hear them they are about a mile away from me , they fly over the Neponset river to logan. this flying object I saw a was brownish V shape but the front was flat the point of the V was on the inside and 3 large red domed lights 1 in front and 1 at each end. It was going from my right to left slowly , it flew level and then would drop straight down a little , it did that 3 times then took a sharp 90 degree turn to its right and vanished , like it disappeared ,the sky was clear but milky white way off in the horizon . At the same time planes were landing as I said from my left to right this craft was bigger than the planes and was higher but not real high and a good deal further away a half mile or so. Its hard to judge the distance. I have no idea of the hight of the planes I see as they fly by my house but low enough where I can see the windows and sometimes the airline name but can not see in the plane to far away for that , also can see landing gear. Also at the same time were 3 large 4 engine jets way up they were tiny and had con trails 2 where flying fairly close to each other going from my right to left as if going away from Logan but further away from the the V object , and the other going from my left to right. like I said the object kind of disappeared and the other jets just kept going in their original direction. My reaction and feelings ? I walked out to the street , I was amazed at what I was looking at . To this day I really feel like I more than likely saw a UFO . I really don't believe it was a drone , this thing was very big
