{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494605","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64861","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5059,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/605/mufon-5494605.json","updb_database_id":5494605}
Multiple UFO's seen repeatedly in same location, disguised as stars.

My boyfriend and I have been witnesses to multiple, reoccurring UFO sightings. We initially thought there were only 2 UFO's but as time went on, on non-cloudy evenings when we have a clear view, we have increased our estimated number to 20 and over.

The very first time I noticed these UFO's was March 2/2015 at approx. 6:30-7:00pm. I was walking my dog along the path that runs parallel to Lake Ontario behind my apartment building in downtown Kingston Ontario when I suddenly noticed an extremely bright, almost golden-colored object in the sky while I was looking towards the south west. I was roughly 100 yards from my building and started to record a video right away. I immediately speculated it to be a UFO and ran inside to tell my boyfriend. From our living room window we could see the "main one" (that is what we call the ufo that appears closest to us, the first one we saw) as it hovers in the sky (we estimate between 500 ft-1 mile upwards) seemingly trying to pass off as an ordinary star in the sky. I could have easily mistook it/them for a star, as most everyone else seems to do, if not for that first sighting where it's unnaturally bright, golden presence stuck out like a sore thumb. Since that first sighting, however, it/they do not exude that same amount of intense brightness that made me first take notice, but instead look like very bright stars that are easily unnoticed by everyone and lacking anything out of the ordinary on first glance.

Both he and I noticed that the object appeared to be spinning extremely fast so we went to the roof to record more videos and take a closer look. Once there, we also noticed a second object that appeared quite a bit further away (maybe 2 miles above us) towards the east. We observed them for hours, spinning and hovering and flashing white lights. Later that evening, I watched the "main one" from my apartment window as it slowly receded further away towards the south west until it was out of view (this was around 9pm). The second UFO was still visible (and more or less in the same spot - from our point of view) when we went to bed around 3am and it stayed for an unknown amount of time afterwards.

Since that night, we have noticed these "stars" nearly every single night (except when it is cloudy). It is hard to say whether there has always been a large number of them the whole time (approx. between 20-40) and we never noticed them before or if their numbers are increasing over time. There are certain nights when they seem particularly "active"; a lot of hectic spinning, lights flashing, shape shifting (usually while they are spinning, they crunch up into a ball or stretch themselves out so they become elongated), plenty of which can be seen with the naked eye when one is paying attention. For the first time the other night, we viewed the ufo's with binoculars and we were able to see what appeared to be a dark, metallic craft, triangular in shape, with three white lights down the bottom/center and one red and one blue light above them. The view was not perfectly clear though, so I'm certain we haven't seen all the details yet. 

This has all been occurring since March 2/2015 and, provided it isn't too cloudy tonight, I am certain I will be seeing them again in the next coming hours. My boyfriend and I have tried telling/showing people about all of this but, aside for a few friends that have seen them with their own eyes and can back our story up, for the most part, people seem to not want to believe it. I, for one, am eager for answers. The overall feeling I get about this whole situation is (and has been from the start) positive and it brings me a lot of excitement. I have acquired a fair number of videos taken from my cellphone, however, the quality does not fully convey everything visually as it appears to us in real life.
