{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-15 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509240","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49196","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3637,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/240/mufon-5509240.json","updb_database_id":5509240}
{nd} red orb flew across my backyard

We live outside of the city limits in the desert, houses here are one to three acres apart and there are no streetlights. I was preparing to go to bed at about 2:00am so I was out changing the puppy pads on our enclosed porch/sunroom which sits about 5 feet off of the ground. When I finished the job I stood gazing out into the darkness, listening to the silence and feeling the depth of a quiet night. I practice yoga so I was taking in a long breath and feeling the ambient stillness all around. I had been standing there about 2 minutes with my eyes open but not particularly focused because it was a dark, moonless night. Then I saw a red light travel from my left to the right or from the east to the west. Instinctively I tracked it for perhaps 6 seconds.
The red light just came into my view so I did not see the origin of the light, then it traveled not fast but not slow and it just disappeared, like a quick fade out.  It appeared to be about 8 to 10 feet above the ground and made no sound. 

At first I assumed it was the tail light of a car reflecting off of the neighbors back porch windows. Then I became oriented to the space and I realized that my house is on the far back part of the property almost an acre away from the residential road. There is way too much brush, scrubby trees and cactus for a cars tail light to reach back here and then across another half acre to reflect off a neighbors window. Also the main road is a rough dirt road and any car traveling five to ten mph at night or even in the daytime is clearly heard because gravel crunches under tires. I heard nothing like a car from the road. At that point I became alarmed and thought that was a red orb and it just zoomed under my neighbors porch!  I went to bed pondering if I should tell the neighbor about it. I decided against telling her, she is a recent widow and what good would it do telling her about the red orb, maybe it would scare her or make her think I am a nut. 

But wait! it gets weirder the following morning. So I am on the phone with my other neighbor setting up a play date for our boys. Shes seen ufos before and goes to ufo meetings, etc. So I confided in her about this red orb sighting. I was describing to her what I saw and as Im talking I walk onto the porch and I stand exactly where I was the night before to help me recall the details. I look out and I do not see my neighbors porch like I used to. I now see a huge untrimmed palo verde tree, fanned out like a peacock. This tree was a "weed" a few years ago and we let it grow until the other landscaped plants grew bigger. I had forgotten about the tree and now I stared at it in wonder. So the red orb could not have flown under the neighbors porch because I would not be able to see it through the bushy tree. The only conclusion I figured out was that the red orb flew between the palo verde and my porch so that places the orb no more than 25 feet from me and maybe even closer! This revised perspective felt more threatening to me.
