{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-11-25 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464240","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96626","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2652,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/240/mufon-5464240.json","updb_database_id":5464240}
{tjd} Observed craft flying over tree tops in a SW direction till it was out of sight

I was headed out of a housing development after picking up a friend. As she was settling in and buckling up, my attention was diverted to a light in the sky. The light was just above the tree tops and moving in a slow but straight line. I pulled out from in front of her building while keeping an eye on the light. I got to an area where I could see the craft the light was on. The craft was square in shape with three lights on one side and two lights on the other. On the left from front to back was one white light, a bright yellow light then a dull yellow light. The other side the lights were hanging low enough to see that the front light was white and the back light was a bright yellow. I could see the raised sides of the craft and at least 3 square windows with white light. I could see the back end of the craft from the reflected light, it had a raised section at least as tall as the windows but was angled to meet at the roof about half way up the side. The back was recessed to a point where nothing else was visible. The color of the bottom and back end of the craft was light grey. I would estimate the craft to be 30 feet or less from front to back and less than that from side to side. I know the craft was in motion because i had to move the car to keep it in view. It was not moving fast. I had my window down and I could hear no sound that would suggest it was an airplane or helicopter. I also dismissed it being a drone because of the size. I have always been a believer in UFOs and have had several unexplained sightings but this sighting is by far the most interesting.I kept trying to get my friend to look in the direction of the craft but she was preoccupied with her phone. I felt excited that I had witnessed this even so close. I lost sight of the craft as it kept its trajectory and went out of sight over the ridge.
