{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523240","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32734","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2459,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/240/mufon-5523240.json","updb_database_id":5523240}
Blimp shaped UFO over Joliet Illinois

In reference to MUFON CASE #32715 
Joliet Illinois last night at about 7:00 pm I was driving south down Larkin Ave after doing some grocery shopping. I noticed something in the sky that at first looked like the moon trying to come through the clouds. Kind of a domed shape shining behind the clounds. As I kept driving I noticed this thing was actually moving. I got out my phone and started recording this thing. At this point and from my view it looked almost like a large domed shaped object but not defined like I said it looked like it was a very bright glowing object behind the clouds but then agian it wasn't, it's just hard to explain what I was seeing. It was moving too fast to be a blimp but too slow to be a plane or a helicopter so I decided to try and follow it and as I drove down Larkin to Route 6 I just couldn't keep up with it but with that said it was no longer behind the clouds and appeared that it could be a blimp but then I thought, in this weather, at this time....no, and it was glowing, the whole thing was lit up, a blimp doesn't do that. By the time I turned the corner onto Route 6 and heading west it seemed to be flying south west and over Exxon Mobile Refinery off of 55 possibly and then it seemed to head south and then a little east. I soon lost interest and headed home, during the drive home I phoned my husband and told him what I saw and that I recorded the sighting. When I got home and reviewed what I recorded on my phone all you could see was the reflection of my window and the glaring street lights. Today after finding this article I went to get my phone and look at the recording again but unfortunately it was nowhere to be found on my phone and I KNOW I did not erase it, soooooo I don't know what that's about. All I know is I saw something and I don't think it was of this world.
