{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-07 18:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487240","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72429","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3225,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/240/mufon-5487240.json","updb_database_id":5487240}
{n} I witnessed an anomoly in the sw sky@approx. 18:05 hrs. on 11-7-15. I saw what appeared to be a single light trailing what appeared to be 3 rectangular lights. It hovered, emitted a laser-like beam & 2 auras plus a blue cloud. then disappeared.

On this evening I was in my back yard stargazing as I often do. I noticed a group of lites in the sw sky on a s to n trajectory,a single 'dot' following a group of what I thought were 3 rectangular lites, 2 were white & one looked reddish. They were unusual & I continued to observe. As they approached me I noticed that there were no running lites as in an airplane. As they got closer I was mesmerized & couldn't take my eyes off of them. They made an abrupt stop in the western sky and 'hovered'. Instantaneously there was a 'laser-like beam that 'shot' out from the '3-lite formation'at an oblique angle towards the ground from the lite on the left of the formation. Almost immediately there was an 'explosive' white aura-halo encompassing all of the lites and a micro-second later a second aura-halo that encompassed all of the lites. In addition to these lites there was a surrealistic looking blue cloud in the general shape of a cigar that appeared in close proximity but south of the '3 lites at about the same altitude. At that point I was able to 'get away' and ran into the house to get my cell phone. As I was running to get photos I was turning on the cell. By the time I returned, approx. 20 secs., the beam & 'aura-halos' had dissipated and there were only vestigial remnants. I observed them for another minute or so & ran to my neighbors house so he could see them. Mike was able to verify that I wasn't hallucinating & could see a faint blue glow as well as a white circular glow in the n-w sky. I was visibly excited and not fearful at all but rather in shock and awed at what I had just witnessed. Mike and I watched the lites for a minute or two as they faded into the nite sky. After gaining my composure, I was able to sit and re-count the events and memorialize them on paper. I drew 4 diagrams with the date, times, directions and details to the best of my recollection. I will tell you that I took 3 photos of this siting. In addition, I was struck by the feeling that somehow 'they' would return and to my excitement I was not disappointed! At approximately 2205 hrs. I witnessed a 'second' coming so to speak. Very similar and as it turns out, the exact same 'craft' or whatever it was, re-appeared in the same sky!! I took an additional 6 pictures as I had my cell with me and I would be more than willing to give you the details of that siting as well.
