{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496240","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63168","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3143,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/240/mufon-5496240.json","updb_database_id":5496240}
Bright green lights that took over my room then formed a green orb that hovered over me

The night before my incident. I met up with my mother at a coffee house. Just as we were leaving walking to our cars, I saw something out of the corner of my eye, as I turned to see a fireball/comet falling from the sky. I said quickly to my mom. Oh my gosh mom look up.. Do you see that!? She said yes Denise I do. She then told me She has never seen a shooting star like that before. I kinda giggled at her because I have seen many in my life. This one looked to big to be a shooting star . It literally fell for at least 8-10 seconds glowing red and green colours. Wow, it was cool to watch.. We hugged and parted ways. The next day I'm getting ready to go to sleep. It's around midnight or just after. I close my curtain just over half way, get into bed. I Have my back turned away from the window and facing my closet which is opposite to my window. I had my eyes closed for a moment when I noticed these bright green lights so bright that I could see them through my closed eyelids. Semi freaked out I decide to open my eyes to see what was going on in my bedroom. Sure enough the lights were in my bedroom bright green and dancing around my room. Reminded me of the northern lights that I've seen on tv. So I just Laid there quite looking up at this crazy weird light show. All of a sudden the lights that were dancing around came together making an orb like ball that hovered over my head for at least a minute. I started praying to my nana to protect me from whatever I was witnessing. The green orb started moving away from over top of my head then went back to the dancing swirling green lights that I first saw. Don't ask me how but I was so nervous as to what I just saw. I remember telling myself just close your eyes and go to sleep. Besides I wasn't getting out of my bed after seeing that. 
I woke up In the morning to go to work. My sister who lives down the street was calling me that morning and couldn't get through to me on my home line. Every time see would call I would pick the phone up and it would be a dead line. Later she told me that my answering machine wouldn't pick up for her to leave a message. For about a month I had problems calling certain people and some no problem. I ended up calling the tv and phone company and asking them to see if this problem could be fixed. He did tell me that something had zapped my lines. But couldn't tell me anymore about it. 
Crazy eh. ?
Nothing has happened again to me like that since.
