{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-12 17:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488240","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71410","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2917,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/240/mufon-5488240.json","updb_database_id":5488240}
{cak} I did not see the object in detail, it was too high. But it was clearly an object with a trail

1. I was driving home from Salem NH to Hudson NH on route 111 West.

2. The sky was perfectly clear, temperature 68F. No clouds. As we pilots say, "CAVU" (Clear Above Visibility Unlimited). Then I saw a a streak in the sky, but as a Commercially-rated pilot who had grown up with airplane all my life, a cool day like today - or really any day, at that altitude - would have left a contrail if it was any kind of airplane. But there was absolutely NO contrail; just an orange streak that followed the object, and did not lengthen, ever. The size of the streak from my perspective was about an inch; I have no way of telling how high the object was. The streak eventually SHORTENED as the object continued on past my line of sight, indicating to me that the object was HOLDING altitude, not falling. 

3. I originally though it was an asteroid or meteor; I could not tell if it ever made contact with the earth. But it looked propelled; every time I though that it would break up, it just kept going.

4. I personally thing that I saw the object make some slight left-hand turns, but it was high enough that I cannot be certain. 

5. I originally thought that this was a meteor or asteroid, but it clearly maintained speed, and eventually moved past my line of sight - which on that road, happened to be excellent. I have NEVER written to you before, but whatever this was - it was clearly NOT a meteor or asteroid. However, it could definitely be of man-made origin. I just would like to know.

6. As per above, it maintained speed or accelerated beyond my line of sight. Which is why I know it was NOT a meteor or asteroid; it clearly did not decelerate or lose altitude. 

I just want to know if anyone else saw the same thing, or if it was reported on radar. To me, it was headed from NH to Vermont, and then probably to New York. Like I said, I'm a pilot; I have a Ph.D. in chemistry, so I have a piece of paper that says I'm a scientist; This was no airplane nor meteor/asteroid. So what was it that blew through the sky leaving a trail at such an altitude (estimated >50,000 feet or even much higher)? I was going to try to take a video but it moved too quickly. I very much hope you'll reply. Thank you.
