{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-30 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473654","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86725","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2423,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/654/mufon-5473654.json","updb_database_id":5473654}
{rjl} stepped out onto porch on winter evening and saw unusual object which influenced my thoughts

It was a clear winter night in late January or early February 2016. I love to see the stars so I stepped out onto our deck to gaze at them for a few minutes and get a breath of fresh air before retiring for the night. 
As my eyes tracked across the sky from east to west (our house faces south) I turned my body toward the door. 
That is when my field of vision fell upon a large black triangle that was hovering silently directly over the house. I have followed UFO developments for years and always harbored a secret hope of encountering one myself one day.

I said,"Oh my God!" to myself. Immediately a voice inside my head said,"This is a jet." 
As I studied the object looking for any kind of identifying feature, a conversation happened inside my consciousness.
There were no lights or visible variations of any kind in the pure black under-surface of the triangle. It was so black that I could not get a sense of how thick it was. It looked like a hole in the night sky.

I thought, this can't be a jet. They don't hover, they always have lights and they are not silent.

Again, a firm statement entered my mind, saying, "This is a jet."
My doubts were instantly expunged by this statement. I went back inside convinced that I had only seen a plane. Seeing planes and helicopters is common in our neighborhood because we are just a short distance from Pease Air Force base by air. I did not mention it to my partner or anyone else.

Now, over a year later, I have been bothered by my memory of the incident. I realized that my own reality of the object is that it was something unknown to me. 
The idea that it was a jet was not my own thought, but felt very much like it was "planted" in my thinking.
