{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-04-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286654","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116728","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2569,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/654/mufon-5286654.json","updb_database_id":5286654}
No ship just tall translucent figure

1971. Alsip Illinois cant remember date bit in the spring. I was laying in my bed under a window when i gelt a sort of electricity go through me i rise up and see out my window a white almost translucent tall figure it had a head and 2 arm 2 legs but no facial features. Inside the figure were small diffetent colored lights in it. It held its arm out and floated me out of my house. I was in standing position and only floated a few inches from floor. It then took me to a small pond across from my house and sat me down on a mound by pind. I heard a voice but it wasnt coming from white figure it was coming somewhere above also at the pond i could only see up or down but surrounding us was blackness like the blockedvisuals around me. At certain time the white figure would place its hand on my head and during those times i remember nothing but when hands came off i was able to hear and speak the the voice. I was a kid so much of it was confusing. I also feel that they did something to make me calm. I felt this encounter was normal. I remember asking the voice where it was and it told me that the white figure was a representative because the voice said it couldnt enter. I had this happen 3 times in a 6 month period and then it all stopped. I did tell family and friends which was a mistake because noone belives you so i have carried this incident with me for years. Im 64 now and its time. The voice told me that there are many others like me. Its so difficult to speak of this because.i dont know why this happened but im glad for it. I know what happened toe is true. I never doubted it. My appreciation to MUFON for letting me tell my truth on your platform. There is more and more details. They meant me no harm.  Please if you have any answers for me about this or idea what happened please let me know. Im truly grateful someone is listening. Ive been living for years not talking too much about it for fear of being labeled a kook
