{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-22 01:26:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503654","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55274","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4440,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/654/mufon-5503654.json","updb_database_id":5503654}
{nd} UFO With Flickering, and Pulsing Lights

I was on patrol at a housing addition where I work as a security guard, and I proceeded to the most northern side of the housing area. In the back, or north side of this housing addition, there is a "lagoon" or cul de sac with no houses around this area, it is the only area that has yet to have houses built, so with no yard lights around either, it is an ideal place for illegal activity and a priority for monitoring the residential area from a view. a few feet from this cul de sac, there is a field (this whole housing area is surrounded by fields on the north and west side.) and the only entrance is visible and car lights absolutly could not be missed if entered.

As I began to make a drive through this cul de sac, or lagoon, which is what it is nicknamed by the other security guard and myself, I noticed around 150 yards away there where 4 to 6 bluish, cool colored, lights. At first they appeared as flash lights from the way they were moving, they looked like they were being controlled by the person(s) who where in control of them. Then, as I stopped and really studied what I was actually seeing, they appeared to skip and jump in flashes, and a few of them flicker and pulse like a flame would. At that time, I called the local police department and advised dispatch that there where people in this field with flashlights, because it could have been the only logical explanation at that time. Due to the fear of break-ins, I take no chances with guesses anyway.

As soon as I hung up with this dispatcher, (I have a radio in my unit that stays on "scan" and picks up all local county radio traffic) she had called one of the officers via PD radio traffic. I then, pulled out my personal cell phone, which is outdated with poor video quality and has exceeded phone memory, and began video recording and managed to capture 18 seconds of these lights exceeding the remaining memory. 

As soon as my phone stopped recording, I then turned around and proceeded to the area of the housing that was closest to these lights. In order to leave the cul de sac, I would have to travel east-southeast bound which would be away from where the lights had appeared. I then turned and proceeded westbound on one of the streets. I attempted to visually locate these lights, and was fast approaching the area, and you guessed it, these lights had dissapeared. So I immediatly stopped my vehicle and turned around and drove straight to the cul de sac, again, hoping I would see them. These lights have never been seen again. Myself and a PD officer both used our unit lights to try and locate what was out there. When I told him what I had witnessed, this officer raised his eyebrows with a smile, and that expression reassured me, my witnessed story wasnt normal. He told me he would look around the entrance to this field, and that night he never radioed anything about this field or the entrance. 

This area has no type of traffic and is actully hard to get to. I never heard noises associated with these lights, that I could hear, nor seen anyone walking, and c'mon, for that amount of lights that I had seen, there wouldve been some type of contact made with the party and many people involved. I have never went and ivestigated where these lights where as of yet, due to my job and its policies and I will say this: I have no reputation to lose nor any gain with this testimony. I have seen many things growing up in a rural area, and this experience is another one added, BUT with evidence! Thank you!

Note: In the video at 0:00 pause it and you will see the back of the housing with yardlights and to the far left, you will see the lights. I apoligize again for the poor quality.
