{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-26 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499654","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59480","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5799,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/654/mufon-5499654.json","updb_database_id":5499654}
Observed five circular lights above me in a V like boomerange formation. 20 min missing time and alien visit

At 8:45 pm I decided to go for a walk around the block for half our to an hour, I left my place and enjoyed a peacefull evening stroll. I was walking through a dark alley that cut through two apt building ending up at a old school that is across the road from the high school which has several large football feilds. While in the alley heading home I talked breifly too a group of guys who claimed to have seen a ufo in the sky and if I hurried over to the field I could still catch them, he pointed me in the direction that they seen the ufo and said they have to leave. I hurried over too the feild and did not notice anything and thought for sure I had missed them, shortly after about a minute of observing the sky I observed some lights that seemed to come from nowhere, I saw five bright circular lights in the sky that were in a boomerange like V formation, the ufo was in the very bottom part of the cloud layer and the clouds around the ufo's lights vanished all around for hundreds of feet. I felt a feeling of fear and astonishment when I first seen the craft, the lights were in the east direction moving south climbing in altitude, I observed the lights as they began to get smaller, the light started to pulsate and grow brighter when the ufo dissapeared in a streak of light much like what a shooting star looked like only the streak of light traveled into space instead of the ground. I was still watching the sky and observed a light travel back from the direction in which it had shot away, the light was moving at super speeds because it traveled towards myself growing a bit brighter, the lights then slowed down and stayed stationary. The sighting lasted for about ten minutes and occured just after 9 pm. I could still make out the ufo when I left the school field.

I walked home very excited about what I had just observed and the first thing I was going to say to my roomate was if he wanted too come and take a look at a ufo in the sky near the highschool, so I came upstairs gave his door a quick knock and enteed his room. I was instantly hit by a big gust of wind that mad the curtains hit the roof and I almost blacked out, it felt like I had been drugged or was overcome by s deamonic dark presence, I remember seeing a dark shadow creature come over me freezing me with fear. I thought immidiatly to myself oh my god I just had my roomate abducted and I went to the living room where I noticed that 20 minutes had elapsed in 40 seconds, I looked around the house for my roomate and finally found him outside when I told him the things that had just happened, he didnt think it was crazy at all. I was overcome by an energy and dreading feeling that I had too get out of the house, I thought for sure I was going to be abducted and I did not want to put anyones life in danger.

I left the house and walked for about an hour too a picnic table at a small creek that was still in the city but it was late and i barely observed a vehicle. At this time I was starting to calm down and was beginning to accept what had recently happened to me, I was a little bit on edge because I jumped when something came out of the bushes, it turned out to be a dog that stopped to take a drink out of the creek and ontinued on his way.

It was starting to get late, approximately 1 am, I grabbed my backpack and was about to head to the road when I heard something I the bushes again and thought it was the dog havi g another drink at the creek so I walked down to the waters edge to see if I could pet him and make a friend, I was mistaken because I observed two short human like creatures, around 4' tall and a slender build, they had dark eyes that were larger then our own and no visible hair clothes to speak off. The creatures were dark In colour but not black, possibly a dark grey. I watched the ET's run away from me running towards a carwash looking back at me for a glance, the one et jumped o top of a car with ease and ran over the top of it jumping down and continuing to follow the other et as they ran into the dark where I could not make them out. I I stantly thought" if they are running that way I am going this way" and I made my way to the brightly light highway that was nearby. I was honestly scared of these things and all I wanted to do at this time was too feel safe. I honestly dont know what they were going to do to me or why they ran away, it has even crossed my mind that perhaps they were either comming to drink water from the creek or were stalking the stray dog that recently came from the path that the et's were. I accept now that we are not alone and am amazed at the fact that we have so many docu ented account of the same lights in the sky and the same creatures known as the Grey Aliens.
