{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488654","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70986","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2908,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/654/mufon-5488654.json","updb_database_id":5488654}
{jpg} pulsed light 3 times while traveling 1)extremely bright 2)fuzzy with light points 3)barely discernable - 15 sconds total

My wife and I are spending the evening outside on our front deck enjoying the fine mountain weather. At the moment when we were embracing one another, I was looking North Westerly at the time, over the top of the hill which is about 100 feet higher than our deck. At an angle of about 45 degrees above the horizon, right about Midnight on 9/28/2015, there was a truly brilliant flash of light which lasted about .25 seconds, then disappeared. I said wow, that was different, and my wife turned around and looked up. About five seconds passed and it appeared again. It had moved about an inch (from my standpoint) across the sky. This time it appeared fuzzy, and there was a steady point of white light on it. Again it stayed visible for about .25 seconds and disappeared. About five seconds later while we were both looking, it appeared again. It had moved another inch or two fingers held up at arms length across the sky in the same general direction as before. This time it was faint and fuzzy with hints of more than one bright light on it. It lasted about the interval, .25 seconds and disappeared for the last time. Right after it happened I studied the angle of its direction as it related to the tall pine trees. I did this for hours, imprinting it on my visual memory. The next day I studied the angle of my front deck as it relates to due North. Then I estimated the direction of the sighting as related to my front deck angle. I've lived in Southern California most of my life and am familiar with the desert. My best estimate is that it was headed in the direction of Las Vegas. It was very obvious that there were none of the night time characteristics of normal aircraft such as numerous flashing running lights, that continue without stopping. We have a normal aircraft flight path near us. This unusual event described above occurred in an area of the sky where there is no aircraft flight path, nor was it traveling in a normal direction. There is nothing but open desert, and Las Vegas in the direction that it was going. To guess its elevation at the time of the occurance would be almost impossible to guess, at least for me. But I will continue to work on the problem.
