{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-16 23:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282654","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120795","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4164,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/654/mufon-5282654.json","updb_database_id":5282654}
2 sightings in Badlands National Park

On the night of August 16, 2020 I was doing some astrophotography in Badlands National Park. My exact location was at the very end of "The Door Trail". 
At 11:05 pm I was looking east towards the town of Kadoka SD when this bright light suddenly appeared in front of me, maybe 500 above the ground. It came right at me at a speed so fast that I literally flung myself backwards into the dirt. It actually appeared like it was going to crash right into me but in a split instant this object made a sharp angular turn towards the north west. 
I was laying on the ground, frozen with fear and excitement. The light itself, though bright, it was beautiful and appeared to be "streched" by its high speed. As dramatic as this experience was it only lasted less than 2 seconds. 
As an experienced stargazer and astrophotographer I spend a great deal of time in the Badlands at night and I've never experienced anything like this before. At the time I was reluctant to form any specific conclusions as to what had happened. But that all changed a few hours later. 
I decided to hike to a place called "the Notch Trail" maybe one mile from where this happened. At the end of the tail is an overlook. From here you can see 30 miles across the Badlands and grasslands, and the town of Interior Sd. 
I happened to look down the small narrow canyon I just hiked through and something didn't look right but at first I wasn't sure why. Then I realized that the was a void in the sky. There was a small part of the night sky that didn't have any stars. 
Then I realized that was because there was something in the sky, not far above the canyon and it was slowly moving. I looked at it for several seconds and it appeared to have an angular or diamond shape. No light, just a shape. 
It was at that time that I connected the dots and I immediately panicked. The void in the sky was slowly moving south west towards Interior. I only had a small view of the night sky in that direction so I was only able to see it for maybe 15 seconds.
I expected to see it again over the town below so I pointed my camera in that direction and clicked the shutter starting a 20 second long exposure. Unfortunately, 
The 2 exposures I took didn't reveal anything. And I saw nothing else that night.
The next day I called Badlands National Park to report what I saw. When I said i needed to report something that happened last night, the lady seemed as if she had gotten this call before and said "hold on, do not hang up".
A few seconds later I was on speaker phone with at least 2 of the park staff. I told them what happened. They mentioned they had other reports as well. 
They seemed very excited about what had happened but also very concerned. Other than that description of the conversation we had, I cannot reveal any specifics of our talk because they sternly told me not to. They made it very clear not to discuss my conversation with them and they advised me to "forget about it". But privately we were on the same page as to what had happened. However, publicly myself and others simply reported a "shooting star".
The park was full of people that night and I know there are lots of people out there who saw this, if not more. I encourage others to come forward if they saw something that night. 
I've seen strange things in the skies in and around the Badlands but I always dismissed those as natural events. But after this, I'm not so sure. I remain skeptical but I'm surely open minded as to what I saw. It was otherworldly.
