{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-02-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462654","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98323","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4634,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/654/mufon-5462654.json","updb_database_id":5462654}
{jpg} I saw what looked like a colorful balloon slowly ascending while rotating along the shoreline just above the tree line.

UFO sighting in Everglades National Park at East Cape in the Florida Bay

2-1-19: I was with a friend in a small motor boat at about 10:00 in the morning. We left the Flamingo Marina at around 9:30 am and were heading out to explore the Florida bay which is part of Everglades National Park. We decided to check out East Cape which is 9.9 miles from the Marina. (Look at the location on a map, it is a very remote area).  At approximately 10:00 am, we were approaching East Cape which is part of Cape Sable, the southernmost point in the Florida Peninsula.  I wanted to visit this location, because this is a remote area where you can camp on the beach, but can only get their by boat. As we were approaching the beach, I turned on my GoPro and started filming. 

Shortly after I started filming I saw what I thought was a balloon silently floating near the tree line. My first impression was that it was one of those colored helium birthday balloons. It was silent and slowly floated upwards while slowly rotating. As it rotated, there was a different color on each side of it. I know one side was blue and as it rotated, the other side was more of a purple color.  It appeared to be small like a balloon, but the more I watched it, the colors appeared to be brighter and as it ascended, I got the impression that it wasn1ft just reflecting light, but was actually illuminated. That's when I had the feeling that this was NOT a balloon, but something very unusual. 

My friend was driving the boat and I assume he was looking straight ahead as we were heading to the beach. I was sitting in the front of the boat filming. On the video, you can hear me say to my friend 1gthat is a balloon right?1h After he didn1ft respond I called his name and asked again 1gthat1fs a balloon right?1h He didn1ft see anything. I pointed to it and described it and he said he couldn1ft see anything. Shortly thereafter, it floated up and disappeared in the clouds. 
I was so excited that I had filmed something unusual and even if it turned out to be a balloon, it would have been a great story to tell and show the video of the 1gufo1h to my friends. I couldn1ft wait to get home and watch the video on a bigger monitor so that I could figure out what it was. That night, I watched the video back on the GoPro and it was too small, I couldn1ft see anything. When I got home I immediately downloaded the video onto my PC and watched the video on a big monitor. As I played back the video, there was nothing there! I couldn1ft see anything in the location where I remember seeing the object. I watched the video over and over many times and there is no trace of the object that I saw. And I DEFINITELY saw something very colorful floating and rotating in the sky that morning. 

As I watched the video over and over, I noticed a white object floating across the sky coming from the opposite direction of the colored object that I saw. The white object on the video is seen much higher up in the sky and could very well be an airplane. At the time I shot the video, I did not notice an airplane in the sky and don1ft remember hearing anything either. The object I saw was lower to the ground and slowly ascending and rotating. 

That1fs my story and I swear that I saw something. I don1ft know what it was, but it was there and it was beautiful. The strange part, and the part that confirms for me that what I saw was NOT a balloon, is that it did not show up on the video. I don1ft know why my friend didn1ft see anything, I can1ft explain it. 

I would like have the video analyzed and see if there is something there that isn1ft visible during regular playback. Maybe something would show up with infrared filters or something.  I don1ft know anything about that, but I know I saw something. I posted the video on youtube, but the quality is not good. My original video is much better quality than what you see on youtube.
