{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-07-02 23:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548277","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"11374","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2856,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/277/mufon-5548277.json","updb_database_id":5548277}
satellite like ,high altiude light, multiple travel directions, multiple sightings

I went out to my deck on my third floor apartment at 11:35 p.m.. I lit a cig and laid down on our bench oriented almost east to west, looking to my left(southerly). I was there almost 2-3 min looking at the stars. I had the feeling to look to the northern. When I did, I focused upon a star sized light moving to the SSW from the NNE about, from my perspective, two inches below the last star in the "handle" of the big dipper. The light traveled     about two & one half inches. It was constant in its white color and had no blinking pattern. We have all heard that these high altitude lights, in a straight flight path, are satellites orbiting the Earth reflecting the suns light like the moon. As I thought this, the object took a sharp turn to the South, traveled at an accelerated pace for about a half an inch and disappeared. There were clouds to the West, but not near this area of the sky and none of the other stars in the area became obscured during this part of the event. I shouted for my girl to come out to the deck and as 4 or 5 seconds past the light returned. This time it was traveling to the NE. It traveled about 3/4 of an inch and disappeared 1/2 inch to the West and 1 inch below the last star in the handle of the big dipper. As my girl came out on the deck the light was not visible . We waited about 1 to 2 minutes, scanning the sky around the big dipper when I noticed the light in almost the same location from which it disappeared, traveling in about the same direction. I was able to point out the light to my lady and we watched the object traverse the handle of the big dipper. Once again, the light disappeared almost 1 inch past the handle of the big dipper. We waited & watched for maybe 5-8 more minutes, talking about what we had seen. I decided to fill out this report immediately. After getting online and starting this report, my lady saw the light return in the same area from which it had disappeared. She watched the object for about 10 seconds before it again disappeared. I feel extra good and lucky to have seen something like this light, though the mystery of its actions and identity are probably going to keep me up all night.
