{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-06-01 12:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492277","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67270","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2635,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/277/mufon-5492277.json","updb_database_id":5492277}
{dr}Conversation at small family gathering, during a spate of sightings in WI. All deceased.

I All I want to report is four events (late 60s-early 70s) witnessed by my parents, an aunt and 2 uncles. Their reactions were really frustrating to me. Very logical, no-nonsense people in their 50-60s.
Grandpa was stern, German, and a Lutheran minister, so maybe that explains their attitude.

Parents - 1970s back road Waupaca County near Clintonville, WI - mom described an orange, glowing cigar-shaped ship moved silently above high tension wires. Saw people in windows of vehicle. Mom was very nonchalant, very hard to get any details. Puzzling...

Aunt and Uncle - same relative area as above, near a blueberry marsh, saucer-shaped object with red and green flashing lights on edge, was hovering over a field between the road and woods beyond. Aunt scared, dog barking, uncle got out of car, while screaming at him to leave. Uncle said it sounded like a number of Piper Cub engines. After hovering for a few minutes, it flashed a beam of light on the ground, then shut off, rose about fifty feet, and shot off over the trees. Went back the next day and saw a slightly-singed circle in the dry, mown grass.

Two uncles - fishing predawn on Shawano Lake, Shawano County, large lake at the eastern edge of the town of Shawano, WI. They saw a formation of circular lights moving silently over the lake, from east to west. I seem to remember uncle saying there were about 7-8 of them. 

Parents - Eau Claire, WI, east of Twin Cities, MN. babysitting for their niece and nephews, were heading to airport to pick up the parents about 10 pm. Saw a large light hovering in sky over a suburban area of city, on a hillside. Dad stopped the car, and folks got out to get a better look. Some people in the houses near by came out to observe also. Light simply drifted off, away from town. Again, no sound.

You probably don't want to bother with skimpy info like this, but just wanted to tell someone about the events I heard about in my youth.
