{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-09-15 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495277","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64168","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3741,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/277/mufon-5495277.json","updb_database_id":5495277}
{rjl} Looking up at night sky, south, about 9:30 pm, saw what looked like a glowing flying wing boomerang glowing pale yellow. It silently flew west to east with no lights.

Posted on Friday, September 18, 2009 - 09:57 pm:  	
Flying wing mirage... or YB-49 in 'silent' flight over?

I first though I saw the faint silhouette of a large night owl seen through the branches of a tree, but when I followed it in the dark as it cleared the tree, I thought I was seeing a mirage of a large flying wing silently gliding through the night sky. It traveled northwest to southeast over what from its point of reference would have been over the coast of Orange County in southern California. But I couldn't be sure, because it had no engine noise, no flashing lights, no lights at all except for the eerie glow from beneath, more like a reflection of city lights, as it quickly disappeared into the night sky. It did seem to glow of its own light, very faint, like a low amber light with no running lights at all, and no sound. It was fast too. 

I immediately dismissed it, thinking I was seeing things, or some sort of UFO, when over these past days a strange idea kept insinuating itself to me. The image of a flying wing in the night sky was not a UFO but a test plane reincarnated from the old YB-49 era, with a new engine aboard, one silent that gives off a faint glow. It moved quickly enough to make me think it was a jet, but no sound at all. What was it, this flying wing 'mirage', my mind kept asking subconsciously? 

However, as this flying wing concept was inherently unstable, why would anyone be bringing it back now, except on an experimental basis? And that's what my mind read, that this above silent, lightless plane was an experimental run of a new kind of engine based on a whole new kind of physics. I imagined, more like a mirage, that aboard was a spherical vacuum container within which was high spinning hot gas plasma, so its self gravitating spin was generating a radiating axial light energy, which covered the whole plane with a faint eery light. But more importantly, it boosted the vessel's lift by lowering its 'inertial mass' (lower G aboard), so it took very little to maneuver the craft with silent engines and great stability. The axial jets of energy were covering the whole body of the craft, which is what gave its eerie light. This would be new physics, and it would be revolutionary to say the least. But I am only reading my imagination and have no way to confirm any of this, except as an apparition or mirage of what I saw. It definitely was not a B-2, which I had seen in night flight over Oklahoma. So what was it? 

Could our Air Force be testing an experimental plane over the southern California coast, flying it from Edwards Base? The base was named after a pilot who died in the second test of YB-49, so why not? But it must be 'above Top Secret' if so, and we may never know until a fleet is produced in some future. For now, I will treat it as another UFO. If its our own, we will learn it by and by. But why test it here, with no running lights? Unless... it was to give the city lights a show?
