{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-11-04 01:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457277","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104296","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3565,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/277/mufon-5457277.json","updb_database_id":5457277}
Saw a formation of lights in a 'V' move slowly from left to right and then faded in the night sky

It was around 1:15 - 1:20 am Indian Standard Timing 4th November 2019 when I witnessed the sighting from the terrace of my house located in Belgaum, Karnataka, India. I personally like stars and the night sky very much. I can point out and name at any given night with a clear sky about a handful of stars, planets, constellations and other celestial bodies. The reason I'm saying this is because I understand the night sky to some level at least.

Starting off I was with a friend of mine, we both went to the terrace to light a cigarette. The skies nowadays are pretty clear at night here in Belgaum and the Stars looks amazing. As I was observing the Orion's belt, just below the Orion's belt, that is in between the Orion's belt and Sirius (which was in the East direction at that time) I saw 4-6 pulsating red and brown lights moving slowly in a V formation from my left to the right in the sky. As soon as I saw them I shouted to my friend and asked him to see it as well. But till he saw it to where I pointed it had already moved to the right part of the sky and faded in the night sky. All of this happened in about 5-6 seconds. 

When seen from one arm's length the object was the size of a baseball. Around 500 mts - 1 km away. About 45-50 degrees from the horizon. It wasn't like super low but it was at a distance. These lights seemed to move in unison at the same speed, which made me think that they may be attached to the same body. While they were slowly moving I saw the lights kinda pulsating and leaving a tiny after- trail of light for a minuscule amount of time. The lights moved slowly from left to right and faded in the night sky.

When I witnessed this I freaked out as to the what the hell I just saw. I had no rational explanation as to what it was. Then I explained all these details to my friend. I was breathing heavily and was super anxious. The first thing I did was I went on Google and typed "V formation lights UFO". The first link I got was " The Black Triangle UFO - Wikipedia". Wikipedia had exactly the same description - pulsating lights, seen at night time, lights in V formation, last sighting 2018. I was flabbergasted. After this I started going through different images of this UFO, I stopped at one and it was exactly what I saw. I still can't explain as to what that could have been. It was too huge for any aircraft I've seen. Military-grade stealth aircraft? I seriously doubt that. It faded in thin air. Gives me goosebumps recalling the incident. I would love to talk more about this with someone. I have attached one illustration plus one pic that exactly represents what i saw.
