{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-21 20:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285277","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118132","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2638,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/277/mufon-5285277.json","updb_database_id":5285277}
very bright pink-yellowish, glowing, looked big and close, hovering then moving away and down towards the Pacific Ocean over the area of Petrolia, CA.

I was sitting in a chair in my living room that has big window facing west looking over the ridge of the Kings Range. I looked out the window and saw the light and thought it might be a vehicle on a road on in the mountains or maybe a fire near the ridge. It was not moving. I was on my computer and watching tv. Several minutes later I glanced out the window again and it was still there only it looked brighter, bigger and was no longer looking like it was on the side of the mountain but it was higher in the sky and you I could clearly see the outline of the mountain ridge underneath it. I then went outside with my glasses on and it was still stationary. I called to my husband to come and look at it. He came out and then it began to move either away from us or towards us but it was descending downward faster than the stars that we could see in the distance behind and to the side of it. It was a close object almost like you could reach out and touch it. We watched until it disappeared behind the mountain ridge. As it was just behind the ridge I saw an orange/redish flash of light twice behind the tree line but nothing after that. When I came back into the house the clock read 8:24PM. I also want to mention that when I came into the house, my husband came out from the kitchen to the left of me. For the last approx. 5 min. I thought he was sitting near the edge of our porch in a chair and I was talking with him and could see him out of the corner of my eye, or so I thought. I was super surprised to see him come out of the kitchen when I came in. I looked back at the chair where I thought he was and there wasn't anyone there. This object alarmed me but not as much as my husband being someplace other than where I thought he was. That really made me anxious and weird feeling. I then got on the pc to see if anyone else had seen the object. A friend directed me to this site.
