{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-04-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467277","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93392","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2880,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/277/mufon-5467277.json","updb_database_id":5467277}
{td} apparene landing light approached runway from south,hovered aprox 5 to 10 mins then went north up the potomac, viewed triangular sillhouet below moonlit cloud cover.

I was on duty at the MCAS Quantico air station as a Weather Observer. Shortly after 2200, which is when the field closed for operation, the air traffic controller squawked down that he had landing lights approaching from the south and they couldn't make radio contact with the aircraft, the tower requested the base ops people to alert the Officer of the Day. Myself, my watch partner and a couple of base ops people went outside to have a look. There appeared to be an aircraft landing light moving from south to north on the usual landing pattern, as it got near the south end of the runway it stopped moving. We could hear no sound because the mechanics were testing the engine of a Grumman S-2 out at the south end of the field. The OOD arrived within minutes and made the same observation. For approximately ten minutes all of us were watching and wondering what was going on, we all pretty much assumed it was a helicopter due to the hover, and could not hear engine noise due to the noise of the S-2 engine run up. The aircraft? then started to accelerate going north, up the Potomac, as it passed to our east it was perfectly sillhouted below a broken layer of Stratocumulus at approx. 1500 feet which was nicely backlit by a full or 3/4 moon. We saw a triangular craft with a white light on the nose, a standard red light on the port tip and a blue light on the right tip. It accelerated straight north up the river and was gone in seconds. The OOD separated all of us witnesses and had us write up what we saw, apparently we all saw the same thing because the write ups were in agreement. The OOD then took all of our reports and, turned them in to the Air Base intelligence office. He had also instructed us not to talk about this incidence. It's now many years later and I've always been curious as to what happened to those reports and what if any actions were taken by the Marine Corps in this regard. This was witnessed by myself, my watch partner in the weather office, two Marines from Base Operations, three or four air traffic controllers and the OOD who was a Presidential White Top Marine-One pilot.
