{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547277","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"17644","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4393,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/277/mufon-5547277.json","updb_database_id":5547277}
Slow moving/low in altitude UFO flying saucer during 1970's, Austin, TX; and description of subsequent appearance of being before my eyes.

The following happened during the Fall/Winter of 1973 or Early Spring 1974. I lived in a two story rooming house a few blocks directly west of the University of Texas campus at Austin, Texas.

One evening, I went to the back door of the second floor, and looked out the door's window. I saw some lights moving very slowly westward. Very slow. Maybe 15mph. And very low in altitude. I stepped out on the second story stair landing to get a better view. The lights were of the ordinary primary colors (two or three); and from my viewpoint, appeared to extend around the circumference of a craft. Circular craft, with a diameter of possibly 20-30'.

Immediately, I heard the roar of a helicopter coming from the east. It flew overhead of me, with its' spotlight on, traveling directly towards the UFO craft. The helicopter passed to the right of the UFO, and zoomed on westward. After that very close call, I began to see a flashing white light on the top/dome of the UFO craft. The UFO was getting in the distance from me; and going over terrain that was descending to a creek valley with a busy boulevard; perhaps a descent in elevation is why I started seeing the flashing light. The sighting was approximately ten minutes. The sky was clear and starry, with plenty of air traffic that evening. Planes and helicopters flying.

I later mentioned this UFO sighting to someone; and was told someone else had seen a UFO/flying saucer out at one of the lakes just west of Austin, a week or so before.

A few days after my sighting; I saw a cartoon on the editorial page of The Daily Texan (the Univ. of Texas student newspaper); with the starship Enterprise beaming a ray on the U.T. tower (directly east of my residence). I thought perhaps someone else had seen the UFO craft also.

I kept thinking incessantly about the beings in the UFO craft. I knew they were of highly advance intelligence, and from somewhere far away; and what did they look like?

Aboout four/five evening later (after my sighting), I had just finished reading some spiritual material; and felt pleasantly uplifted. The lights were brightly on in my room. It was late evening. There was a big flash of light; and there was this creature before me in the air; head and "shoulders" view. My body jerked and I gasped. The creature was calmly and intently looking direct into my eyes. I could only stare back.

The creature appeared to have tawny color hair/fur (like a bear or lion); and a very large build; maybe 7-8' tall. I did not see below its' "shoulders."

The creature had two pointed ears, somewhat catlike, but seated higher on top of head. It had two eyes, each positioned where normal human eyes are on a face. The eyes slanted upward and outwards. Somewhat like a lion's. The eyes had the look of high intelligence in the gaze. There was no nose, no snout, no obvious openings in that area of the face. It looked flat. What was also very different; there was a substantial black/dark area (perhaps an opening for a mouth) that came down one upper side of the face; down around what would be our chin; then up what would be the other side of our face. Kind of a U shaped face. The head with the dark "mouthlike folds" seem to sit on what appeared to be shoulders. I did not see a neck.

This happened within a few seconds; if that long. Then just like a light switch had been turned off; it was gone. Instantaneous. No fade out.

Afterwards, I wrote out the sighting of the UFO craft; and drew a primitive sketch of the creature that appeared before my eyes; amd mailed it to the head of MUFON in Austin at the time; but I never heard back that it had been received.
