{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1959-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493277","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66240","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2654,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/277/mufon-5493277.json","updb_database_id":5493277}
{nd} Hills NE of LA. Driving to a man made lake. Rounding a bend observed three disks on ground. Air force & State Police were on scene with equipment to remove.

On a hot summer day family friends were transporting my brother and I to a man made lake in the hills north east of Los Angeles. Lake as I recall was not that far from the Air Force Base (Edwards I believe). About half way into our journey traffic slowed and came to a near halt. I then observed that on a roadway coming into ours from the left was a disk shaped object that was close to having gone over a bank and was blocking one lane of travel. Air force AP's and State Police were standing about every 30 feet in center of road keeping traffic moving. The vehicle in front of us took a picture. One of the security folks stopped the vehicle and took the camera and removed the film. I then noticed a second disk on the embankment crossed the road (east) 30 yards. To the right of us was a field with some cattle fenced in. About three acres. On the east end of the property was a drive way (about a 100 yards) that gave access to the home. Mid way was a third disk blocking access to the home. Along this stretch of about a quarter mile were flat bed military trucks, duce & a half's, jeeps, & patrol cars. The disks all had the same characteristics. Dark gunmetal gray. Approximately 15 feet in diameter with a flat leading edge of 4 to 5 inch's. From the leading edge they tapered equally toward the center for several feet and there a raised edge of lesser height. They then tapper again toward the center for several feet to another raised edge of a lesser height and continuing matching tapper top and bottom. the last section formed a point (Cone) on top of approximately 4 foot in diameter. They all set balanced on the center of the bottom to include the one on the hill side. No signs of entryways, windows, or markings. On the return trip they were gone. If a serious inquiry is made I would attempt to provide a better description of sight and draw a pic. Anonymity is to protect retirement.
