{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-06-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546277","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"23800","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2305,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/277/mufon-5546277.json","updb_database_id":5546277}
After midnight a neighbor and I saw an object with shimmering red and yellow lights.

I was experiencing a very sleepless night so at midnight I went to the kitchen to get a drink of water and was going to take a sleeping pill, but remembered I had to get up early and didn't want the hangover of a sleeping pill. It was too late as the clock on the stove read 12:03. As I was drinking the water I walked into a dining room which has glass doors to the back yard (North) and noticed a bright starlike object with yellow and red shimmering lights sort of hovering over my back wall about the middle of a pasture which backs up to our property. It didn't move for quite a while. I ran to get binoculars but could find only opera glasses which weren't of much help. At that time I watched it begin to move very slowly toward the west. I ran to look for binoculars elsewhere and looked out another window. About that time it disappeared. It just blinked off! Wne I first saw it I knew that it was not one of the lights that one can see from those windows. I thought, uh-oh. That might be a UFO.

I mentioned to a neighbor today that I almost called her to see something but didn't because I didn't want to awaken them. she said it would have been all right as they were just getting home about midnight. I told her what I had seen and she replied, "OMG! I think we saw the same thing coming home. I asked the girls in the car, "What is THAT?" She described it as having red and yellow lights too but thought it was much larger than i did. 

I couldn't go to sleep until around 3:00 AM June 17, 2010. I felt very uneasy and was afraid to go to sleep even though I did begin to feel tired. I don't remember dreaming after that.
