{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-09-23 01:27:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490277","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69314","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3656,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/277/mufon-5490277.json","updb_database_id":5490277}
{cak} Large Triangular

My eyewitness account took place on September 23rd, of 1991... I was in the parking lot of my apartment complex, doing some stargazing in the early morning hours of September 23rd, 1991. It was around 1:27 am that morning. although there was no moon, the sky was clear, and the stars were brightly visible. I was observing a few stars to the North, as I began to focus my attention on one star in particular, it suddenly disappeared from my view. (It seemed like a light going out, when the switch is turned off). I was taken by surprise of course, then kinda jumped up feeling kind of bewildered, and at first thought my eyes were playing tricks on me, or maybe I lost focus of the star in particular. As my attention was turned to a couple more stars in the same area, I noticed again, that they seemed to just "go out like light bulbs", Then I was really confused, but tried to strain my eyes, trying to see beyond the glare of the street light a few feet down, and across the street from me. As I watched, and searched for the cause of what happened to the stars, I then noticed a black, silhouette crossing the night sky. The dark figure, was crossing my path of vision, between the stars I had been looking at, and myself, of course, blocking the starlight from my view. I couldn't make out what I was looking at at first. The object moved slowly towards the South, And it wasn't until it turned right, towards the South West, that I could then make out its shape. It looked like a giant "V"-Shaped craft. But not as narrow as a V, more like a spearhead, or arrowhead shape, with a notch cut-out at the rear base, between the two wing tips. It was huge! It was as large as a football stadium! It was black, no lights, no sounds, it seemed to just float across the sky, like a balloon, or blimp. Not very fast at all, and I thought to myself, "How could something that large fly so slow, and not fall out of the sky?" I was, shocked, amazed, and a little afraid. It seemed to not want any attention brought on itself, as it had no lights or sound. As I said, it was a black silhouette, a shadow, but I just happened to see it by mere chance! I called out to neighbors, but no one came. I didn't want to run inside to call authorities, as this was something I didn't see everyday. So I just wanted to watch this thing in total amazement. Since this experience, I've only told a few people, but after being laughed at, I stopped sharing my story, Until now, and decided to make this report. I've researched many V shaped ufo stories, videos, and pictures online, but sadly, I haven't come across anything that resembles the one I had seen. I know what I saw, and after what I had seen, I know that craft wasn't man-made, nor that it was from this world. I want to know what is out there, and even if I don't like what I find, I'm compelled pursue and learn the truth. P.S. About a week after the sighting, I had a dream of the same craft, in my dream, it appeared to be hidden in clouds, and it exited the cloud mass, hovering over me...
