{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-14 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492947","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66574","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2277,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/947/mufon-5492947.json","updb_database_id":5492947}
Perfect matt black sphere flying in straight direction.

I was at a friends house outside on his front porch talking and smoking a cigarette with him at about 9PM on a night in February. It was a calm night with the sky being overcast. Because he lived in a built up area (a housing estate) the sky was cast in a dull orange glow from all of the street lights. My friend first noticed the object and immediately alerted me to it. At first I thought it was just a balloon but the object was much larger. It's appearance was a perfect matt black sphere with a very crisp solid outline to discern that it wasn't fluttering or changing shape as a black trash bag might do if caught in the wind. It's size about that of a pea at arms length, was flying at a height of approximately 40 metres, although this was hard to determine due to lack of perspectives of the object, and was travelling in a south westerly direction. It had no lights, emitted no sound and maintained a straight consistent direction of travel slightly decending. We observed the object for as long as we could even running down the street to try and prolong our viewing until we eventually lost sight of it because of roof tops and trees. After losing site of the object me and my friend had feelings of confusion as to what we had just seen. I had the feeling of pins and needles throughout my body as did my friend as neither of us had experienced such a weird phenomenon before. Unfortunately neither myself or my friend managed to get and photo or video evidence of what we saw as we were to engrossed in trying to prolong our viewing of the object. This entire sighting lasted less than a minute but has remained with us since.
