{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-27 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452947","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108685","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3059,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/947/mufon-5452947.json","updb_database_id":5452947}
Rainbow gelatinous orb undulates & hovers above the Hollywood Cross in Los Angeles, CA right at twilight

On August 27, 2010, my father and I were in his SUV, getting off of the 101 S which heads from the San Fernando Valley to Hollywood & LA-proper. We were stuck in traffic on the Highland Ave. exit, which leads directly to the entrance of the Hollywood Bowl – which is where we were headed to see my Grandfather John Williams' conducting performance. Since we were completely stopped in gridlock traffic, I was just looking around, and a glimmer caught my eye. Directly above the Hollywood Cross (also known as the Cahuenga Cross) was an extremely radiant rainbow mercurial glowing orb, that was undulating and changing shape at the speed of light. It was emitting a bright rainbow glare akin to a J.J. Abrams assistant editor's move – more like J.J. The Jet Plane minus the jets cause human innovation is still sadly male & matter oriented. It celestially vibrated for 30 seconds, before disappearing faster than a millisecond. I'm not sure if it dissolved into itself, into a wormhole, or shot straight up at the speed of light. What I saw, was it being there, and then its gone. My father obviously saw it too, and I noticed other people in their stopped vehicles saw it and were talking about it, and making eye contact with me & others to make sure others saw it as well. The funny thing is, from that moment on for the next year at least, I had not a single thought about that event, or a memory, or anything, and neither did my Dad. Funnier thing is, the topic of UFOs has always been an interest, although I had never pursued the interest whatsoever before that experience. So, I feel like I would remember that, being a curious 20 year old, but for some reason, I didn't for over a year. Until I saw, the next one – when the brakes on my car gave out and I coasted perfectly to my CalArts art studio, I saw a zig-zagging white-rainbow orb, that slowly disintegrated (with no clouds whatsoever & full visibility). At that moment I remembered the Cahuenga Cross UFO, called my Dad, and he had no memory until I described every detail, and it came back to him. Weird huh? Furthermore, I did some research on the Cahuenga Cross over the years, and this article written by fans of Linda Goodman, one of the first best selling astrology authors, shares her experience & initiation into the mysterious beneath the cross: [link moved to FI section/CMS]
