{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-05 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454947","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106665","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3831,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/947/mufon-5454947.json","updb_database_id":5454947}
{tjd} Series of star-like lights moving in a straight line

My son and I watched a UFO light show last night at 7:45pm from my front yard in Denver, CO - my wife caught the end of it as well. We get out of the car and he sees it and immediately brings it to my attention. I am a pilot and have been doing astrophotography for a a few decades and have never seen anything like this. It was a series of what appeared to be bright points of light, each originating from total darkness at the same spot directly below Venus, low in the western sky and then traveling in a straight line fairly quickly to the north before disappearing.

When my son saw it and brought it to my attention the procession was already in progress. It immediately struck me as something unusual that I had very seen . 

There were 6 lights visible at any given time during the procession of lights across the sky. The space between each point of light was constant and approx. 8 deg. and the length of the line of travel was approx. 50 deg. As each light reaches the same spot on the sky to the north it would blink out - very similar to the way a satellite does. The sudden appearance of each light under Venus was also reminiscent of something in orbit. The lights moved together - as if they were linked. We saw 10-12 of the objects over 4-5 minutes, but as I said it was already in progress when we saw it.

They were moving at a speed comparable to that of the ISS.
They were not as bright as Venus. But almost the magnitude of Jupiter.

My very first impression was that it was a series of aircraft flying in formation because they were clearly coordinated, maintaining constant separation and flight vector; 6 points all moving together and as one in the north would disappear another would replace it on the other (western) end originating under Venus. It almost immediately became apparent they were not any type of 'aircraft' I am familiar with flying to or from our position. Their trajectory would have required extreme altitude gain and speed if they were starting anywhere within 10k ft of the surface . I noted at the time that the line of travel didn't seem to make sense in terms of any orbital path I have ever seen but they seemed very high. It could have been a section of a polar orbit I suppose. Definitely not natural- ie; not a meteor shower.

The attached pics were taken by my son, hand held, on his new Google Pixel phone. One of the attached is in 'night mode'. In this photo the exposure shows much more than we could see with the naked eye. There appear to be many additional smaller lights around the points we could see - some even look like debris clouds around the points or a trail (first point on the left).

The objects appeared as tiny spheres or fat points of light - like a planet. In the night-mode photo there is some motion blur due to the long hand-held exposure. The second photo has a shorter exposure and the blur seen on the UFO's is due to their motion - as the known stars in the photo are not blurred.
