{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-30 21:36:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284947","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118466","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4149,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/947/mufon-5284947.json","updb_database_id":5284947}
Fireball in the sky

I feel I must first provide a brief description of my past work experience to give perspective as to why what we saw that night defies explanation. I served in the United States Military for six years. Since then I have been a police officer for almost nine years. I have conducted countless day and night time operations with fixed wing, rotary wing and drone aircraft over head. I have worked many years on the graveyard shift and have witnessed many meteors, and in one instance a meteor that exploded mid flight. Having said all of that, on the night of September 30th, 2021, I was in the driveway of my residence with my girlfriend. My residence is in what used to be pasture land so I live in a very rural country area. My girlfriend was sitting in her vehicle as I talked with her through the open drivers door. She looked down at her phone and I noticed something out of the corner of my eye. Off to the North West I saw a beam of light that looked like a spot light shining straight up into the sky in the area where a pasture is still in use. It was incredibly bright, and shined higher than any handheld spotlight should have shined. I made mention of it to my girlfriend, and when she turned to look the light disappeared. I dismissed the light and justified it by saying someone must been raccoon hunting in the area. We went back to talking and within a minute my girlfriend saw something over my shoulder and asked what it was. I turned and saw a fireball about the size of a helicopter flying South East at an elevation between 1000 and 2000 feet across the sky from the area where I had observed the spotlight. The best I can describe the fireball in comparison is a missile launch at night. It was traveling very slow, maybe 40-50mph on an even level flight path and made no sound at all. If you have ever been that close to a missile you know that it makes a lot of noise and accelerates at incredible speeds at an upward angle. Yet this object had none of those features, only the appearance. It left behind a vapor trail that began at its starting point over the pasture. The most interesting part of the vapor trail was that it glowed as if it contained its own light source. The entire vapor trail from beginning to end was illuminated. The fireball continued it's course heading South East and began to flicker in and out, like the fuel source of the flame was running out. As the fireball made it into the tree line and out of sight, we began staring at the vapor trail that was still glowing with its own light. All of a sudden it was like a light switch had been flipped, and in an instant the entire vapor trail went dark and disappeared. No more than thirty seconds later we heard a very loud explosion to the South East that shook the ground where I stood. My girlfriend who was still in her vehicle commented she felt the car shake. I looked directly overhead and saw a commercial airplane flying at 20k plus feet and pointed it out to my girlfriend as an example of what a typical aircraft in the night sky looks like, and it was no comparison to what we saw. I immediately came to the realization that the "spotlight" I saw was not a light being shined upward, but rather a light shining down into the pasture. I have tried applying anything I know of from experience to explain what we saw that night and every time I come up short. I've never been a believer in aliens and neither has my girlfriend, but there was something in the sky that night. Whether it was man made or extraterrestrial I do not know.
