{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-09 05:09:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518947","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38028","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4723,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/947/mufon-5518947.json","updb_database_id":5518947}
multiple orbs of different sizes white largest then orange and small blue orbs, also one large star like orb that blinked blue green and red and was stationary until end of event and elevated

First off, A few months ago I witnessed something at this address and reported it on this site in January, since then me and my Girlfriend have on multiple occasions witnessed both white orbs and orange but only for a few seconds so I didn't report it because there was not enough time to assess the situation in full also on many nights I have witnessed a large starlike orb that blinks rapidly but never witnessed it move just always noticed after it was stationary again I have nicknamed this orb Mr.Blinkie which lets you Know how often we see it. This morning was different tho, after just waking up Me and My Girlfriend were getting our first smoke in for the day and I noticed Mr. Blinkie was in its usual spot but it usually is there around ten at night not five in the morning. Well It was hovering appearing not to move but I kept seeing it zigzag in place and I mentioned it to my girlfriend. Well right after that at my Four oclock we witnessed what was until this point we thought a star but it was an orb and it went from one orb and split into two, one white orb headed north slow on a pretty straight path but the other orange orb moved south at a very very fast pace but it moved at constant angles and also it reminded me how a tad pole swims by the way it kind of skipped. Well after the split ways a small blue orb seemed to appear from nowhere between the two. This was an amazing site and was just the start of the show. Withing about twenty seconds or less after seeing these three orbs moving with the blue following the orange we witnessed flying orbs in all directions as if an entire fleet was above us, easily fifteen to twenty just hard to tell because they were everywhere. All the white orbs seemed to hover and move slightly with a binary orb that moved in mimic of the the white to I guess help conceal them and remain looking like stars yet we watched three or four sets of these move all over the place. Also lots of Orange orbs flying and the first one went from moving all over the going stationary with a plane showing over the horizon, but when it stopped to its right another orange appeared with a blue orb on its tail. The White orbs were much larger and moved slow but the orange orbs were quite fast and all had that tad pole movement and all the orange orbs had a very small blue or in tow. This went on for about an hour and a half and never a dull moment. Even when the sky went from dark to that early morning blue they were still at it. Also Mr.Blinkie was hovering/stationary as usual but blinking at a rapid rate and then for the first time I witnessed It move West while elevating and eventually disappearing in the clouds. It was the most amazing thing I have ever witnessed. I feel very honored to experience all the small less than a minute sightings since my first in January but last night was like getting booth tickets at the super bowl and open bar. We tried to take photos and video but both our phones haver terrible cameras and got nothing but black. Without a doubt these were not human nor controlled drones or anything like that. I leave for boot camp in thirty days but would like the chance to capture this because Mr. Blinkie is a frequent visitor along with a giant White orb that stays close to Blinkie but also seems to move without being seen just after the fact. Also some seemed to have a light trail almost like the Grand theft auto effect. But as they were starting to leave all the orange orbs seemed to suck up the blue orbs and like wise the white orbs with their shadow orb until they all just seemed to vanish. This was so incredible and surely we couldnt be the only ones to catch it unless no one was outside that early or looking up. But I still don't know what kind of interest they would have in this area but they are showing up more and more frequently. If anyone else saw this please report it because I would hate for no one else to witness such Poetry.
