{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-22 20:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499947","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59171","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2357,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/947/mufon-5499947.json","updb_database_id":5499947}
{rjl} Bright white light traveling fast changed color to red and disappeared

I was in my back yard looking up at the stars at approximately 8:35PM. The sun had set at 7:25PM, the moon had not risen, and the sky was very clear. I noticed a bright white light traveling fast in a straight line from the Northwest to the East. At first I thought it was a plane with landing lights on, but as it traversed the sky the white light did not change. There were no blinking red and green lights like I have seen many times on planes and jets. 

We see aircraft frequently, because we live near several airports; Polomar Airport in Carlsbad, Oceanside Airport, and Camp Pendleton Marine Airfield. Many times I see planes and jets flying at night with landing lights on, but as they move the white landing lights fade from view and the red and green lights become more prominent.

I grabbed my binoculars (Nikon Action 10X50 6.5 degrees) which were near the house door for bird watching and called my wife outside. Looking through the binoculars, I still could not make out any structural details. It was still a bright white light; it did not pulsate. My wife also observed the object both with and without the binoculars. She stated that she had never seen anything like that before, and did not think that it was a plane. She went back into the house and I continued to watch it. Suddenly it turned red and about a second later it disappeared. I thought it could be a satellite or the ISS, so I got my wife's iPad which has the ESA Starwalk App on it. I used it to determine that there were no satellites in the night sky at that time, and that the ISS was over the East horizon moving very slow in a different direction.

My reaction was that this was probably a UFO.
