{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504947","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53930","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3465,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/947/mufon-5504947.json","updb_database_id":5504947}
Small white orb hovered over night sky before making constant turns and shifts in altitude

I was lying in bed. It was around 12:20 a.m. I was about to fall asleep when I noticed a bright orb (which I initially thought was a star) standing in the middle of the night sky. I watched it for a few minutes. After 4-5 minutes, the orb suddenly moved. It shifted downward at incredible speed, moving down and then left and then right. It did this for several minutes. 

The movements it made could not be done by any man-made aircraft. That's how I knew it was a UFO. I watched the orb for a good 25-30 minutes in the night sky. Around 10 minutes after I first spotted it (and after it made a bunch of shifting movements), it hovered again in the night sky.

The orb seemed to be moving around in a limited amount of area in the night sky, as it hovered over the neighbourhood adjacent to my neighbourhood. From my personal estimate, I think the orb was at an altitude of somewhere between 3,000 - 5,000 feet over the Bloor and Fieldgate area.

The orb would continue to shift direction and move incredibly fast from left to right to right to left as well as up and down and down to up. In a sense, it acted like a pinball moving from one spot of the night sky to another.

About 15-20 minutes after my first sighting, that's when I noticed a second craft. This second craft appeared almost triangular shape and pitch-black in colour. However, the rear of this craft had 5-6 lights on it, and they flashed in a sequential sequence. I remember seeing 2-3 orange lights flashing simultaneously on the back of this craft, before 2-3 red lights did the same. The craft moved east over my neighbourhood, with its lights switching from red to orange every 2-3 seconds. 

This craft was at a much lower altitude than the orb and moving slower than it. It was moving at the same speed an aircraft or helicopter would make, so it may in fact have been an airplane, but from the odd shape of it and the mysterious light formation on the back of the aircraft, I don't believe it was a man-made aircraft.

While the second craft was moving across the night sky over my neighbourhood, the white orb appeared stationary for a few seconds before it quickly shifted its position again to the right. When the second craft was out of my view, the orb continued to shift quickly to the right and move higher in the night sky. By this time, it was around 12:40 a.m. I took one last look at the orb and noticed it was now just hovering again in the night sky. It did not move for a few minutes. 

Because I had been up for almost 16 hours, I was quite exhausted and fell asleep. I do not know what happened to the orb or the second craft, but from my experience seeing these 2 crafts in the night sky, I personally think these were UFOs. 

I have not seen them since my first sighting.
