{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-01-23 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493947","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65553","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2570,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/947/mufon-5493947.json","updb_database_id":5493947}
Big! triangle shape with pulsating amber color lights on the back that looked like the afterburner of jet but there were 5-7 or so on back.

I was on the roof of my parents apartment having a cigarette after dinner. I was watching the jets (looking northwest at the horizon) take off from the airport in the distance.The airport is about 12-14 miles away (as the crow flies) from where i was standing. The triangular shaped object caught my eye above and to the left of the direction I was looking. I thought it was an aircraft at first, but it had no flashing lights like the jets i was watching did. It came from the north (my right) moving slow, and with no sound moved to the south.I estimate it was about 500 feet above me on an angle. It was thick, big, dark, and had 5 to 7 pulsating amber color lights (in a row) on the back of the triangle. It also had smaller, dimmer lights of some kind on the bottom/sides that were not flashing, but i was focused more on the back end of it. I noticed these lights as it passed me, just to the west/southwest. At this point, I estimate that it traveled 20 miles to the south in about 8 to 10 seconds, almost like it was speeding up as it got farther away from me. Just as it was fading away in the distance i saw it do a 90 degree turn, and like it was in warp speed It disappeared to the east over the mountains. At this point I was in an awe state of mind and something told me not to say anything about what i saw. like it sent me a message to just forget about it. I went back down the steps off the roof and into my parents apartment with no urge to tell my parents or my sisters that were there. The next day I did end up telling my parents. They laughed at me first, but then proceeded to tell me that Mexicans in the area have seen other UFO type objects. Your program convinced me to report this sighting and I did see an episode that had a very similar type craft in it. Thank you and i hope this helps with your investigations.
