{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-08-07 14:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490947","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68628","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3488,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/947/mufon-5490947.json","updb_database_id":5490947}
{jpg} Observation of two unusual objects at our home one summer afternoon

In the summer of August 1976 myself and three brothers, older sister and mother observed two UFO's. It was a beautiful mostly clear summer day not to hot as myself and three other brothers (ages 13,13,12 and 10) were playing a game of ping pong in our garage with the garage door open.  Our youngest brother left for a few minutes to go around the back of the house and retrieve the slip and slide and bring it around to the front of the house. When he arrived in the back yard he noticed a bright metallic colored, cigar shaped object hovering above the tree tops over the park/field (NW) adjacent to our families home and it was emitting what looked liked to be like a silver and reddish metallic like sparks from the bottom of the object. He immediately, ran around back to the garage where he explained to myself and my other two brothers what we had seen. We immediately ran around to the back of the house where our younger brother pointed to where he had seen the object and it was no longer there. However to the right of where the cigar shaped object was. was now a bright pulsating round object hovering steadily above the treetops. At this time my brother ran into the house and got my older sister and mother to come outside and look at this object with us. When they arrived was it hovering in place making no noise and it emitted a reddish, yellow and orange glow. It stayed stationary for a few minutes and then began to move slowly to the right approximately 500' before hovering again for another few minutes. At this time my sister ran into the house to see if we had a camera to get a photo or binoculars to get an even better close up look at the object. She returned a few minutes later with neither. At this time it was still hovering approximately 100 to 200' feet above the tree tops. The object then began to move slowly away from us towards the mountains to the NW and did not change shape or color for the next 4 to 5 minutes. It then seemed to change course to due north and then upward and sped off at great speed and disappeared from sight. We were all stunned by this observation. At the time this sighting occurred this area was very rural with very few neighbors as we wanted to call other and see if they had seen the objects. My mother called what neighbors were around to enquire if they had seen anything without results. My mother then called the nearest major city St. Louis (90 miles north) TV station KMOV channel 4 to see if they had received any reports of this sighting and the did not. We had ample amount of time to see and study this object. It was not an aircraft, ballon, cloud formation, smoke or a planet. We were all amazing calm during this sighting and wanted to understand what this object was. To this day we still discuss this sighting and its unusual charaecterists.
