{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-10 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493475","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66039","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5840,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/475/mufon-5493475.json","updb_database_id":5493475}
{jpg} Very large, slow moving, silent triangular object

It was about 7:30. I pulled out of my boyfriends house to go grab us some hot wings to go from Buffalos for dinner. I only driven 4 houses down and for some reason I looked up. The sunroof in my Jeep Cherokee was open. I saw an object that I never thought could exist. It was so massive, my stomach tightened at the sight of it and my stomach still hurts today when I talk about how large it was. The thing that scared me more than the size was how quiet it was. I couldn't believe how large it was and I would have still never known it was there unless I looked up. The bottom of the craft looked like a crazy maze design like on the bottom of someone's shoe. I only saw one light on one of its sides as it flew over but I could still see the other side of the craft. I don't know how I did it but I never stopped driving. I think I was in shock and didn't know what I had seen. I went to Buffalos and picked up our order of food and when I got home I put the food down and just sat and stared at the kitchen table. My boyfriend asked me what was wrong and I almost didn't tell him what I saw. I finally got it out and he told me I was tired and he didn't believe me. This was a few years ago and I'm with someone new now who believes me so I figured Id tell my story. There are some things I still haven't told him, not because I'm afraid he won't believe me but because I just feel like a crazy person trying to talk about it so I figured an anonymous letter might help me. 
Since that first sighting I've seen more UFOs. And I've had many dreams about abduction (which of course could simply be dreams) But every abduction dream has been different. Again these are dreams so please don't call me crazy.
My first Abduction dream there was a very tall looking being in my bedroom. I screamed so loud and fell all over myself trying to get away. The alien looked like an insect. Like a praying mantis. Its skin didn't look like an insect though. it was wrinkly. Like an old person who had smoked and gone to the tanning bed for way too many years. It looked like it didn't fit the body it was on. Anyway, as I was screaming a female voice spoke in my mind and told me not to be afraid. There were two other shorter beings that were on either side of the insect looking one but I didn't see them too well. That's all I remember of that one.
My next abduction dream I was put in some kind of room with an alien. It had blue-gray like skin and huge eyes (Just as most people describe I guess) It looked sad, almost ill. And for some reason I felt sorry for it. It was almost like It had been cast away from the others. I lay down behind him and kissed him on the back of the neck. And then he looked back at me with huge eyes, surprised. I told him in my mind that he was okay and I didn't care what he was.
My next abduction dream I just remember looking through a huge glass window at planets and the stars and I knew everything. I understood how the universe worked. I woke up that morning with everything on the tip of my tongue but couldn't get myself to remember.
My next abduction dream was a painful one. I was being tortured along someone else that I can't remember. Two beings were trying to get inside of my head to see something. I resisted them through my entire dream and they were so angry. It was like I had done something wrong and they were punishing me or trying to find out what I had done. All I remember was I couldn't let them know something.
My next abduction dream I was taken and I remember screaming for them to stop trying to make me forget. That I don't need to forget. I begged for them to let me remember.
My next two abduction dreams I was being taught how to move objects with my mind. In the first dream I wasn't very good at it. In the second dream they injected me with something that made me so good at it that I couldn't control it. Everything started flying off around me and it was too much. I remember how to do it. I know it's super crazy to say but when I wake up in the morning I still feel like I can do it. Yes, its embarrassing but I've tried to move objects during the day and big surprise, nothing happens. Because again, these are just dreams. At the end of the day I guess I just want to know if people have dreams like this. I have a constant horrible feeling everyday that I'm forgetting something very important. I feel like everything is on the tip of my tongue and I can't quit reach it. I haven't seen many UFOs since that first sighting but whenever I see one I get a home sick feeling. I feel like I miss someone. I hope I don't have some kind of weird disorder. I have anxiety and feel paranoid about people following me or being watched. The feeling of not remembering or missing something has gotten depressing its honestly so bad. Just looking for answers. But if I'm crazy, then I guess my next trip will be to the doctor to get some anxiety medication. I just hate taking medicine to solve something. Maybe I'll just stick to watching cartoons on tv to avoid scary feelings and maybe I'll have no more dreams. Anyway, thanks MUFON for wanting to help and listening to peoples stories. All of us crazies gotta stick together! ;-)
