{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-13 20:58:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285475","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117931","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2661,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/475/mufon-5285475.json","updb_database_id":5285475}
Saw orange orb emitting trail like shooting star going upward at a slant and than it straightened out and glowed bright before disappearing.

I was going to pick up food by our home in Visalia ca. On September 13 @ 8:58 pm. When I parked and got out of my car I instantly noticed something in the sky that looked like an orange shooting star that was rather big and close shooting upwards at a slant and emitting sparks while moving rather slowly. My eyes couldn’t believe what they were seeing and while I watched for about 5 seconds I realized I needed to pull out my phone because this could be a UFO. I had seen one about 13 years ago that was an orange orb that zoomed away in an instant but that was before iPhones so I didn’t want to miss capturing this one. Once I pulled out my phone and started filming the “sparks” it was emitting had stopped and it seemed a bit smaller and had leveled out moving west horizontally still at a somewhat slow pace. Than it glowed the brightest before disappearing or zooming off in a flash in the path straight ahead of me. Than I noticed a smaller one darker like reddish orange more to my left but the gas station lights wouldn’t let my camera focus in on it. I started to think maybe I was just seeing a star as it seemed to stay in one place for a long time and than I realized I could use the telephone wires as foreground to see if it moves. Sure enough it did and was going in all directions in a slow manner. If you weren’t looking for it you would have just not noticed it or taken it for a star from my distance. I don’t know if it was the same one I had seen disappear or a different one. It eventually was gone from my sight.
