{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547475","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"16372","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2628,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/475/mufon-5547475.json","updb_database_id":5547475}
UFO sighting as a child with strange noises that followed in the house.

This all happened in the North East of England in the summer of 1976/77. I was about 8 or 9years old at the time, I do remember it was a Monday night. I had gone to bed at about 9.00pm. it was one of those nights where the summer night sky was a light brown colour, you could see objects on ground a couple of houses away. my bedroom was on the upper floor at the rear of the house in the little town called Hartburn in north yorkshire. i had gone to sleep but soon woke with a strange feeling over me, it was hard to explain, I just felt like I needed to look out of my window. my bed was near the window so i just sat up and peered out of the corner of the curtains, the sky was very clear, as I looked to the right out of the window I saw an object floating over an oak tree in the rear of a neighbours house about 4 doors down. it was as round as the canopy of the tree. about 1/2 as deep as the canopy of the tree. just under the rim of the disk seemed to have a dim orange glow that pulsated. I watched it for what seemed like 5 or 10 minutes then I suddenly got a very spooky feeling that i should not be watching it, I then closed over the curtains, that was when i started hearing strange noises in the air, all i remember is that it felt like wolves howling way off in the distance. not what you would hear i the north of england.I ended up huddled under the covers with them pulled over my head. after a while (not sure how long) the whole feeling and the noises just stopped. after a few minutes I got the guts to look out the window again. the object was gone. so i had a good look around and noticed it was way off in the distance now and then it just seem to streak up steeply and it was gone. it was then that I felt that all was normal again, it was like the air was all tense and then just all gone and back to normal. I told mum and dad the next day but they just put down to my imagination. but I am not 40 years old and I will not forget it at all.
