{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-02-07 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455475","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106134","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3942,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/475/mufon-5455475.json","updb_database_id":5455475}
{jpg} Flat Grey Rectangular Object with Lots of Lights

My Wife, Brother-in-law, Sister-in-law and I were driving over to my Mother-in-laws house after seeing a movie together. My wife was driving, I was in the passenger seat, my Brother-in-law was in the driver’s side rear seat and my Sister-in-law was in the passenger side rear seat. We made a right turn from Main St onto 2000 S and had just begun to descend the hill when my Brother-in-law said “What is that?” My wife then said “I don’t know! That is weird.” My Sister-In-Law saw it third but remained quiet. I responded a little dismissively at first and asked, “Are you guys just looking at the moon?” They responded “No! Look!” My wife had slowed the car to almost a complete stop and I looked out of the drivers side windows toward where they were gesturing. A large flat rectangular dull grey craft with lots of lights was moving slowly just over the houses. I was so amazed and alarmed that such a large craft was being operated in such close proximity to homes. At the time I first saw it it was moving slowly but when my Wife and Brother-In-Law first saw it it was hovering. It had two rows of approximately 6 white lights on the bottom of the craft. It had rows of red and blue lights on the sides and top. Some of the red and blue lights were flashing alternately. The lights were large and seemed to be structured. They seemed disproportionately large and there were so many of them. We detected no sound from the craft. A helicopter in that close of proximity would have been loud. I’m not aware of any drones that are that large but I would assume that a giant drone at that close of distance would have been loud as well. The windows were rolled up during the sighting so we cannot confirm that it had no sound but it definitely didn’t have any conventional flight characteristic sounds that would have been audible at those close proximities with such a large craft. We estimate that the craft was somewhere between 30-40ft long. It moved slowly along the row of homes but biased slightly toward the street we were driving on. It passed through the field of view of the driver’s side windows and into the field of view of the rear window. It had traveled closer to the road as it was heading eastward. It appeared quite large with so many lights. My mind was trying to establish what category of craft it fit into but it didn’t fit into any category that I have witnessed before. It was so flat and rectangular and quiet with so many lights, it seemed so different than anything I was familiar with. We continued to watch it fly slow and low and quietly down the street. My wife started to turn the car around so we could follow it and we watched it disappear Eastward below the row of houses at the top of the hill. It appeared quite large still as it passed the houses at the top of the hill. It passed so low over the top of the houses that it quickly passed below our field of view. I’m a Biomedical Engineer. I investigate technical challenges/issues for a living. This sighting left me with only questions and no answers. All of us are college educated and 1 is currently pursuing their PhD. All of us were left quite perplexed over what we observed last Friday night. We thank you in advance for your time and effort spent investigating this sighting.
