{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-10 03:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484475","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75356","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3344,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/475/mufon-5484475.json","updb_database_id":5484475}
{rjl} Fast, bright, solid shaped craft changed color and direction on a dime

I was driving to work at 3am in Lexington, KY on a clear September night. I noticed a flying object because of its shape, speed, bright luminescence, and apparent size given its distance from me. I caught it out of the corner of my eye travelling west to east. I was the only car on the road on a stretch of road with no street or business lights. My driver's window was down and I turned my gaze to it in time to view it unobstructed by Windows prior to its passing horizontally across my windshield. It was pretty far away, but it was big and bright enough for me to make out its shape. It was initially bright white, but it's brilliance didn't extend out from the outer edges of the craft. It was shaped like an eye, with the rear and front coming to points and round on top and bottom. It had perfect x and y axis symmetry and its edges were very sharp and defined despite the white glow. It was moving very fast. I observed it for about 12 seconds as it crossed my face with me driving 55 mph toward it. I don't know how fast because I don't know it's size or distance from me. However, I have seen a lot of regular craft, including jets, and this was much faster. Once it was about 85% across my windshield, it moved backwards while ascending without changing speed. When it made this surreal maneuver, it simultaneously turned green. Green like a traffic light green. If you drew its flight path like a line, and measured the angle it made it would be about 45 degrees. High speed horizontal to backwards and upwards at the same time at a steep angle! It only went about 2 seconds and about 15% of my windshield in this opposite direction before it disappeared completely. I don't mean left at great speed away. I mean vanished on the spot like it teleported. There was no clouds. It was far away but it was not the kind of far away that things aren't visible anymore if they move farther away. I could clearly see behind it for some distance. When I first noticed it, I was aware it was unusual in shape, size, speed, and brightness. I was thrilled because I knew I was looking at a craft and I knew it couldn't have been anything on record. The change in direction and color made my heart race, because it became the most out of place real thing I've ever seen. Afterward, I wondered all day how any possible occupant could have survived the turn it made at the speed it did. I imaged myself as a puddle on the wall inside it. I had seen unusual things in the sky, but I'm now an unwavering believer in advanced flight technology and I KNOW more is possible than current physics allows for. This all happened less than 2.5 miles from Bluegrass Airport in Lexington, KY.
