{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492475","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67062","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2409,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/475/mufon-5492475.json","updb_database_id":5492475}
{rjl} 2 bright lights moving in impossible directions coming and going, then shot off at impossible speeds and disappeared.

I was on the road at night taking a walk and i noticed a bright star-like light. I thought it was a satellite on the horizon. As it moved it didn't disappear behind the hills but shined brightly in front of the hills. it hovered near the bottom of the valley in place for about 30 seconds and then began to move in all directions. At this point I thought it could be an RC helicopter, but it would have had an incredible range, and it was moving in ways that wouldn't have been possible even for an experienced operator. It was too big and bright to be a small rc helicopter, along with being completely silent in the night sky. it seemed to wisp through the valley and across as if it was looking for something or doing something, or possibly a test flight. there was a reddish light further in the distance that would disappear and reappear and move in the same manner as the first. after some time it ascended above the hills into the sky, hovered in place, and took off into the sky in an instant, faster then ive ever seen anything move. it looked like a shooting star going away from the earth. after a minute or two a light just appeared in the area it was flying, light a light switch turned on, and the object continued to ascend and descend and move at varying speeds in all directions, stopping and hovering occasionally. it moved very abruptly, unpredictably, with abrupt stops as well. I stood in awe and felt like a presence, like I wasn't the only one on the road. it was eerie. After a good amount of time of what seemed like random flight patterns, finally it ascended into the sky and took off again, it looked like warp speed or something. it was almost inconceivably fast.
