{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-07-19 14:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291475","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111858","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5923,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/475/mufon-5291475.json","updb_database_id":5291475}
Saw and interacted with an orb when i was 12.

So, this is a bit old so I’m not sure how usable it will be for research but since this happened ive wanted to tell someone in a more official capacity. This was back in 1999-2000 ish during the summer, I know it was around then because i had to be pretty young still since i was walking back from my best friend’s house after playing pretend with her in her backyard when this happened (yes i still played pretend as a 12year old, i know its a little odd but we grew up to be people who play D&D so i guess we never really stopped .)
I guess i should explain the layout of my street before i go further; I lived on a cul-de-sac that was situated halfway up a really large hill, and most of the yards are downward sloping since, well. Hill. From my street if i walked left i would pass my yard -which was mostly just an open field since there is a natural gas line that runs under it, past that is my neighbor’s house and then is my bestie’s house. Across the street is basically a huge open field that no one really went into, because of this if you are walking that direction and look to your right you can see the whole valley that Plantsville ( my town) is situated in. At the halfway mark on My side of the street is one of those older sodium street lamps which is about where this took place. 

So to boil that down; big field, view of valley one way, orange street light midway point. 
Anyway, so it was a short walk between her place and mine. It was around 2 in the afternoon when i was walking back by myself, head down thinking about nothing in particular when i notice out of the corner of my eye what looks like a bird’s shadow moving fast downhill and i realize its going to cross in front of me. It’s not moving too fast- think powerwalking (10 mph maybe?) to my leisurely child walking pace (like 2 or 3 mph i guess. I was not really in a hurry but not Intentionally dawdling.)
Because of its slower pace I had time for the gears in my head to turn while i looked at this weird shadow, I remember being focused on it because there was something Wrong with it, I realized with a start as we were about a yard or less away from each other that Birds Don’t Have Round Shadows. I remember thinking that and when i thought that I remember it stopped dead. Seeing that I also stopped walking, I was shocked because that’s definitely not how things that fly work so I looked up thinking maybe it was a balloon doing something weird or something? And I couldn’t process what i was seeing when i looked at it. It was an orange ball of light about the size of a beach ball ( one of those bigger inflatable ones) At first i thought i was looking at the sun but it was bigger than that, and it didn’t hurt to look at. It was orange - like that sodium light i mentioned ( maybe a little softer towards a peach-ish hue near the center?) , but that lamp was behind me by about two yards and it was still too early for that to be on- plus this was just chilling about 15 feet in the air, not being held up by a post. I remember furrowing my brow in confusion as i tried to figure out what i was looking at and coming up with nothing. I remember that specifically- I wasn’t scared at any point in this encounter, I was just confused. And i got More confused by its next actions as it was directly in front of me, it started to circle around me heading to my right at a slower pace than it had been going at before.It did this three times and I remember feeling even more confused until i got the distinct impression it was playing with me, teasing like in a friendly way. Honestly i imagined how i must have looked from it’s angle and its a pretty funny image; frizzy haired kid with a confused expression standing Perfectly Still while following the Shiny Thing with only their head turning ( like how you will see a cat follow a string). On its third rotation it stopped where it had before when I could Feel the amusement from it- like when my dad would play a joke on me and I just realized i was being teased . I didn’t like to be teased as a kid but, I also wasn’t a bad sport when it came to jokes, I just tended to pout first and laugh second and that was my emotional reaction of ‘don’t tease me jerk!’in this instance, I may have been pouting I don’t remember. Anyway It hung there for a second or two more giving off the amused feeling before it flew away incredibly fast the way it had been going, I watched it go over the treetops and i could track its progress across the valley as it slowly rose into the sky before i lost sight of it in the distance behind some clouds. 

So yeah, that’s my Orb experience. It was really fast , and i thought i should share it since ive heard other accounts of orbs but I haven’t heard any that have them engaging with the witness in a playful manner. I also thought i saw it again a couple times years later from my window, but it never came close again, just over the valley and i was never sure if it was the ball of light i saw when i was a kid or if the later events were misidentifications of other things since they were so distant. I hope this is helpful in some way, I dont live there anymore but the street is basically the same as it was back then. Anyway thanks for reading.
