{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483475","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76413","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3499,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/475/mufon-5483475.json","updb_database_id":5483475}
Around 8pm German time, a big pulsating glowing oval pink-orange object flew past in the sky extremely fast. It was nothing like anything I have ever seen. It was so fast, from my viewpoint I only saw it for about 20-30 seconds and then it was gone.

I am English but live in North Germany.
Around 8pm - possibly a little after - from my big triangular top-floor apartment front window in Norderstedt, I saw a huge pulsating glowing bright pinkish-orange oval shaped object flying extremely fast in the mostly clear sky (starting to get a bit cloudy a short time before sunset). It looked a bit like a fireball but seemed and acted more like some kind of piloted craft flying in a completely singular straight line across the sky. I was sitting at my computer desk at the time, the big window is straight in front of me. The brightness of the object and the clear view of it from my window was what caught my eye. Usually I would have assumed it was a plane but it was nothing like a plane in any way, shape or form. The object was so fast, within about 20-30 seconds it was no longer within my view. I called my wife to look but by the time she got to the window it was nowhere to be seen. Also, it was so fast and I was so distracted by it that I didn't have time to get my camera and take a photo which I was going to do if it had remained in vision long enough.

It seemed to be a physically solid object with possible lights although it may be the way it pulsated to make it look that way. The colour of the light was very unusual. Pink-orange with a touch of red is the way I would describe it. The glowing pulsation was reminiscent of the lights on the Knight Rider car in that it was moving left to right very quickly. I heard no sound as it flew past. The shape is somewhere I would describe between oval, circular or discular and rectangular. It was constantly pulsating brightly and, as I said, it was moving extremely fast in a straight line across the sky. There was no trail behind it and it looked nothing like any plane/helicopter/aircraft (which we see a lot of around here since Hamburg Airport is not that far away). And it was certainly not a drone.

I see and hear a lot of aircraft around here but this object had no sound from what I could hear where I was situated indoors and looked nothing like either any aircraft or celestial object such as a star or comet I have seen.

When I was younger I was interested in stuff like UFOs and other mysterious phenomena but in later times I've regarded most of the stuff as fake or hoaxes. The object I saw tonight has restored my belief that there are some weird things out there which can not be explained (unless, of course, the object turns out to be some kind of experimental or secret man-made craft). I seriously hope some other people in this area or anywhere else have also saw the object and possibly managed to film or photograph it.
