{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-01-13 17:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455955","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105647","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3069,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/955/mufon-5455955.json","updb_database_id":5455955}
{cak} Moving flying object recorded on flight from Orlando to Albany

I was on Frontier Airlines flight F91006, with direct service from Orlando, FL to Albany, NY on January 13th, 2020.
	At 5:30 pm, I looked out the window and noticed a bright light. The light hung directly above the cloud line. At first, I thought it may have been a tall building or another plane, but I saw the city lights below and realized that no building would have been tall enough to reach such heights. I realized it wasn’t another plane as the light stayed consistent and did not move. I watched it for a few moments and saw another plane in the distance fly in front of it. At that point, I was able to gauge the size of it. The plane that flew in front of the light appeared small compared to the light behind it. At that point, I decided to take a photo.
	Moments later, I heard a few other passengers talking about the strange light. I did not engage with them. The light stayed in the same place. If the light had been sitting in the exact same place, it would have moved out of sight of my window. It stayed in the exact same place relative to my window. That’s when I realized the light must have been moving at the same speed that we were flying. That’s when I began filming at 5:38 pm.
	After a few moments, the light ascended from the position it sat at for about 5 minutes. It moved upward and then started to make unnatural movements laterally. Over the course of about 3 minutes it moved higher into the sky and continued to make unnatural movements to the left and right. The light would occasionally pause and remain still for a few moments. 
	Eventually, the light moved back toward the rear of the plane and I could no longer see it out the window.
	The city I listed is an approximate location based on the time and flight path that I looked up after I landed.
	Unfortunately, I had fallen asleep at some point during my flight. I woke up from some rough turbulence and some unusual electrical activity on the plane. (Seatbelt sign turning on and off, flickering lights.) I looked out the window when I woke up and I immediately saw the light. Unfortunately I cannot account for where the light came from and how it manifested because I was asleep prior to seeing it.
