{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-22 01:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517955","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39731","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4250,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/955/mufon-5517955.json","updb_database_id":5517955}
{dr}glowing yellowish gold. Moving faster than aircraft.

Im a late night person. At 1:04AM 6/22/12 I was on the front porch facing south. I do not hear a sound in the sky. All of a sudden I hear a huge swooping jet roar and with a few seconds I see a black triangle with red and green lights at the wing tips and white light in front. Obviously jet aircraft the size of a B2 Bomber. The military constantly flies over the house back and forth this direction so there is no doubt. As I am looking at this aircraft it is all most directly over head, and over the trees in front of the house which is a distance of about 20-25ft. As the aircraft is flying in a northwest direction about half from where I initially saw the aircraft emerge to where it disappears I see a yellowish/gold circular type orb flying from the right side of the sky above the trees and flies toward the aircraft, underneath the craft, out the left rear side of the craft towards the east. The orb moves in a curvature like maneuver. From the time I heard the craft until it emerged was about 2 seconds. From the time the craft emerged until both the craft and the orb disappeared was about 3-4 seconds. The orb appeared to have disappeared behind the mountain. I have a photographic memory so I remember the whole event (as quick as it was) frame by frame. I quickly wrote everything down within 4 minutes. It happened so quickly I was completely startled. My heart was jumping! I thought the initial roar of the aircraft was a bomb at first until I saw the craft emerge. Strangely the weather was nice that day 6/21 (sighting at 1:04AM 6/22) and now today 6/22 into 6/23 (as I write this) its been pouring down rain all day and dark clouds loom over. Also I noted after the sighting that vehicles were strangely driving slower than normal for almost 30+ minutes. There was a strange feeling in the air and later at 1:27am I went back out side and heard a strange clash/bang noise somewhere out in the distance towards the south west, maybe as far as a mile away, or more, not to sure, but it was faint and Ive never heard it before. Also on a nice day I will hear various farm animals and wildlife making their sounds well late into the night namely dogs, peacocks, coyotes and roosters. Yeah, roosters are weird here. I did not hear any of these animals but I did sight a hungry bear at around 3:00 AM getting into the trash bin. As for the size of the orb I would say somewhere between the size of a star in the sky and an aspirin. Furthermore the craft and orb were flying so low about as high as the mountains if not lower around 1200ft or less and definitely below cloud cover as there was minimal clouds in the sky at the time so not cloudless. I am speculating that the craft was flying below highest mountain elevation at an angle. I would say the craft was undoubtedly between the size of a nickel and a quarter and definitely closer towards the quarter held at arm length towards the sky. I had no problem seeing the lights, the red, green, and white lights were not blended together at all, like you would see with a craft at a further distance.I would love to hear from MUFON investigators about any information in the area, opinions, and questions.
