{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-08 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518955","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38021","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2639,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/955/mufon-5518955.json","updb_database_id":5518955}
A small orb of orange light flying straight at first and then started erratically changing direction. It then appeared to hover briefly and disappeared.

San Francisco - apx. 7pm 5/8/12. 

On the corner of Presidio and Pine I noticed the sky. It was a rare and beautifully temperate day, a rarity as SF is frequently enshrouded in clouds and I felt I had to take note of what seemed like endless blue above me. I noticed something flying in a straight line high in the air hundreds of feet away. "A bird", I thought. It had to be a bird, it was too small to be a plane. I called upon my common sense and admittedly small pool of zoological knowledge and thought again. "Why would it be flying alone so high up? It cant possibly be hunting, its too high. It cant be hurt, its too high." It didn't make sense. At this point I literally giggled out loud to myself and thought of the gullible suckers who would have immediately leapt to identifying this thing as a UFO. Mid-chuckle I became a sucker myself. 

It changed course suddenly. Not violently, not totally drastically either, but it started taking turns faster than any flying object Ive ever seen. It sounds crazy, but as fast as it was going its movement was still graceful - like a leaf falling sideways. I am confident in saying that if this was indeed a tangible object it completely defied the human grasp of aeronautic physics. My smile faded and I stood transfixed. The light dimmed and grew stronger. A pin-prick of orange swelled into a glowing orb and then back down again. It seemed to calm its turning a bit and stayed bobbing at a relatively fixed point in the sky; its size still inhaling and exhaling light. With my head cocked like a dog thats heard a noise it doesnt understand, I was jolted back into reality by the shrill honk of a car. I looked down. A friend of mine who happened to be driving by waved and gestured for me to get in - "ill give you a ride" she mouthed. I looked back up at the sky and there again was the endless blue - the orb had vanished.
