{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487955","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71701","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5252,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/955/mufon-5487955.json","updb_database_id":5487955}
Fleet of star like UFOs floating for over an hour above clouds and commercial planes

I had the strangest sighting involving a fleet of high altitude UFOs while watching the fireworks over Battersea Park 3rd Nov 2013, London, UK

This involved me and one of my​ close friends, and we both saw the same thing for around one hour.​ (what we saw was a fleet of stars/orbs exatly like this similar incident but with our naked eyes with no telescopes [Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg] this video is not mine but a very similar formation, speed with similar random pattern and drifting motion) ​

As you can see from the attached map from my phone, we were sitting facing East. During that night the scattered clouds were moving fast from West to East, I can't estimate the exact height of the close clouds but probably I would say one mile or less.

Other than the scattered clouds, the sky was very clear above that layer of lower cloud.

It is important to note that this area is directly under the path of commercial flights on their final landing route to Heathrow airport that night. All coming from East to West to Heathrow runways. All planes where under the clouds, very slow with some landing gear in some cases as usual.

We were both sitting on stable chairs.. looking up when I started noticing that above the slow planes and the higher clouds, you can see very bright star sized objects moving exactly in the same direction as the planes (East to West)

I first thought it was one or two Chinese lanterns, but once started looking again, we both counted around 40 in the first 5 minutes (around 7pm), with random distances between them, however, they move exactly in the same speed and formation, meaning those random spaces wouldn't change like a group of balloons or lanterns would do for example, but stayed exactly the same the entire time.

The size and brightness of those objects or sources of light was exactly as big as any star, no strobing lights or any shape, but you can see clearly that they were moving East to West while the distant stars didn't. You can also clearly see the clouds hiding them for a brief moment then they reappear later while moving after the clouds move.

I had to use my palm as a static guide (around 45 degrees at full length) to ensure they are really moving slowly and not me imagining due to the cloud movement on the opposite direction. I measured a movement of a complete palm in around 3 minutes (from the bottom of my palm to the full tips of fingers)

By the time I took the attached screen shot, around 1:30 hour had passed and we counted around 120 objects.

The reason we both believed that this is something worth reporting​ (and not chinese lanterns)​ is that a chinese lantern can only survive roughly few minutes.. some of those points we were able to track crossing the sky above the planes for more than 20 minutes before disappearing above the clouds and not diminishing in any way, with consistent light intensity the who way. They looked exactly like fast moving stars or satellites. (not shooting stars) much slower but you can still easily tell that they are much higher than both the clouds and planes. I can't really tell if that fleet was few miles away or even way above earth compared to stars. They looked and moved exactly in a speed that resembles satellites in a clear night.

While we were watching in amazement, we couldn't take any video or photos due to the small size and other lights from the fireworks. We had a very clear stable view due to the fact we were sitting while other people were standing and just focusing on the firework height.

Another interesting observation is that we have seen 2 Chinese lanterns being released by the crowds, however, they both flew SW to NE, very quickly, in the usual wobbly manner, flickering light intensity, one even didn't survive for less than 5 minutes before going down behind trees, while the ones I mentioned were moving East to West exactly with Planes, and much higher with no light changes.

I don't know what we saw, but when later viewing the famous Mexico fleet daylight videos, we both agreed that this random pattern was very similar to what we saw that night although what we saw was less dense than the fleet videos, but similar random consistent distances and at night.

I am happy to talk to anyone who has an explanation or wants more details. We are both adults, were not drinking and witnessed this for more than 1:30 hours till the clouds thickened and hid the sky completely that night.
