{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-06-21 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467955","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92689","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2986,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/955/mufon-5467955.json","updb_database_id":5467955}
We see something flying with a tail of multi colours as if dripping. Was low going slow then 90' turn, gone in second flying away

I was fishing with 2 friends on the beach at fort Victoria. Was mid summer I believe. Had just got dark and was a clear sky no clouds. One of my friends said what is that? We looked around as this object was flying at a level elevation coming from the east to west but located towards the south of the island flying west It flew along with a changing colour and seemed as if it was dripping and with no noise, though at this time it was half a mile away. As it got to exactly south of us it sped up at a incredible speed and done a near on 90' turn. As it sped up it trailed multi colours from it. It passed just to the west of us and was now only about 400 metres away from us. Still no noise but climbing at an incredible speed and angle. We watched till it disappeared. We were all shocked and none of us could say what it was but couldn't say it was anything from earth as nothing can fly at the speed it was doing from slow to full speed in an instant turning at a near on right angle. It would kill someone if they were inside? We hardly spoke that night as we were all deep in thought. We all told everyone what we seen and people were laughing saying we were on drugs. I believe it was on a Wednesday and we have a local newspaper that comes out only on a Friday. On that weeks papers front page it had a picture of a field near carisbrooke castle in Newport on the island with a message saying " greetings earthlings " this had appeared the same night as w seen this object. Everyone was saying " wow you did see a UFO " . Someone did come forward saying they had created the message in the field a week later so people didn't know what to believe. A couple of days ago I was looking through YouTube at ufos and seen a UFO buzzing around in the same area whilst the red arrows ( Britains flight aerobatic team) were doing a display just off of fort Victoria beach. I couldn't believe it was the same area. It has haunted me in many ways and one of my friends it really affected that much that he has never been the same since. He turned to god and jehovah witness for a time then to drugs and back to god etc. I watch the sky's and go out looking for another sighting. I have " night sky app" on my phone so I know what is flying about and where.
