{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523458","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32493","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2695,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/458/mufon-5523458.json","updb_database_id":5523458}
Strange orange lights in the sky, I1ve seen them about 15 nights over the last 2 months when I step out to smoke.

I moved into the apartments where I currently reside in June. I started smoking after again after having my son in July. I smoke outside on my balcony, sometime in August I noticed these strange orange lights in the sky for the first time. The lights are usually orange and hover in the sky for random periods of time. They move up, down, left and right. There is usually 4 lights, one is far away and stays in the same general area, the other 3 are closer and will move in unpredictable directions at random speeds in between moments of hovering. Some times the orange lights will seem to pulsate or flash. When they leave they seem to move very fast out towards outer space, giving the appearance that they are disintegrating or closing in on themselves, if that makes any sense. Tonight, October 9th, I saw just one of the lights. At first it looked the normal orange color and then started flashing red and white, I can best describe it as the lights on a police can with out the blue. After a few minutes it left in the normal way and one more briefly came into sight before disappearing. I have tried on several occasions to take pictures but am always too late or it won1t show up. Tonight I was able to get a very poor quality video of the light. I know that the lights are not air planes because I can see real airplanes flying in the sky at the same time I see the orange lights. The lights are much bigger than the light an airplane gives off as well. I normally do not hear any unusual sounds while they are in the sky but a couple of times I1ve thought I had heard a faint hum, but I could just be freaking myself out. Many of my neighbors have scene the lights and no one can explain them. I just want to know what they are. The video I took doesn't do the light justace and was only able to get my camera in time to catch a few moments of it before it left. I will keep trying to get a better picture/video of them, and report when I see them next now that I've found this sight.
