{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-07-27 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494458","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65016","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3013,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/458/mufon-5494458.json","updb_database_id":5494458}
{dr}Was a large triangular shape with red flame-like lights at each corner and a with a white one in the center.

When I was younger, my brother and I shared the same bedroom and we had a bunk bed but I would sleep on the bottom with him. Well our bed time was 9pm and it was around 9:30 and I still couldn't fall asleep, so I put my pellow at the other end of the bed. I layed there for a couple minutes and still couldn't fall asleep, so I sat up and I could see a little twinkle of light through the blinds. So I went to the window and looked at the light for a couple of minutes unitll I noticed it was getting higher off the horizon, so I knew now it wasn't a star. I thought it was a plane at first but as it came closer I began to see the shape of the aircraft. It was in the shape of a triangle, which was black, and it had 3 red flame-like lights on the the bottom of the craft at each corner and on the bottom it also had a slightly bigger white light in the center of the craft. The lights didn't flash or strobe, they were constant. I also noticed that it was moving to slow to be a airplane, especially when it was around 75ft to 100ft long and was only about 15ft to 20ft above the trees. So that wouldn't be physically possible for a airplane to do, because it was moving around 20mph. Another strange thing is that it made no noise. And if it were to be a plane that big and that close to the ground I would have heard it. That's not all, so I watched to disappear over the house, so I got up and ran to the kitchen on the other side of the house to see it out the kitchen window but when I got there it was gone. Either it took a 90 degree turn over our house or it sped up and was gone within about 10 seconds of me going to the kitchen from my room. And before it disappeared over the house I woke my brother up to show him, so if I were to tell him or anybody else, I would have some to back me up. Well he looked out the window and said "Ok wake me up when the aliens come", and then he fell back asleep. So I don't know if he saw it clearly or not because he was half asleep. I didn't tell my parent because I thought they would laugh at me and say it was only a dream or something like that. But I've been interested in UFO since then and when I saw your show I thought I could finally share my encounter. So I hope that it helps you figure out what they are, whether they're alien or human in origin.
