{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-04-08 02:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549458","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"3892","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3913,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/458/mufon-5549458.json","updb_database_id":5549458}
I wittnessed a black silent equilateral triangle shapped object with three star like engines flying at a very high speed southeast heading over Chicagoland.

I was watching tv late thursday night at my house in Calumet City IL. My town borders on the south side of Chicago and I'm also three blocks west of Indiana. At around 2 a.m. I turned off the t.v. and went outside for a cigarette. It was a clear night and good for star gazing, well as clear as you can get for Chicago. You really can't see that many stars do to all the light pollution in the sky. On a clear night you might see about twenty or thirty stars. I was in my driveway facing east leaning against the front of my car just about to light my cigarette. When I noticed a shooting star out of the left corner of my eye. As I stared at it and then focused on it I realized it wasn't a shooting star. In fact there were three lights, I could also clearly see the shape of the object do to all the yellowish haze from all the street lights. It was a black perfect equilateral shaped triangle. The body of the craft seemed to obsorb any light that was hitting it. I saw that it seemed to be powered by these three engine. There was an engine slightly recessed from every corner of the triangle. I'm not sure how I can explain this but the color of the light that was comming from the engines was the exact shade of light blue you would see from a medium bright star in the sky. The object stayed on a straight path heading south/southeast. It was clear to me that it was also gaining altitude as well as speed.The object was flying upward at about a 15 dagree angle. As I kept starring at the object I could tell that the star colored light/engines were doing somesort of pulsing action I really don't know how else to describe it they didn't turn any brighter they just seemed to have more depth. The only way I can think to describe it would be if you cut a barrel in half open end down and the higher it object went the more deeper the blue orb/star light went into the engine. I should also mention that all three engine/lights faced downward. I only saw the object for 1 1/2 to 2 seconds and then it was out of my veiw. The whole time I faced east from the first moment I saw the object. It stayed in my viewing range from my 10 O,clock to my 2 O,clock. The object also made no noise at all and was completly silent. There are a few things that I should mention, my house is directly under the most busiest flight path from the east coust to Chicago's O'hare and Midway airports I've lived here for twenty seven years and never in that time seen a plane fly from northwest going southeast they always come from the east and southeast. Hundreds of plans fly over my house everyday and everyone of them is comming in for a landing or in a final approach. After my sighting of the object and few cigarettes I went in and reported a 
"unusual looking" craft to the Bureaus of Aviations 24hour headquarters in Chicago. The opperator told me that everything was going to be kept on record and that it will be sent thru the proper channels sir.. I was just hoping she'd tell me I wasn't the only one calling but no such luck. Well thats just about everything, if there is one piece of advice I can give next time your watching a shooting star ...look a little closer
