{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-07 20:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499458","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59680","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2631,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/458/mufon-5499458.json","updb_database_id":5499458}
{nd} Hovering Triangular UFO

We had just gotten on I-95 north in Augusta, Maine, at exit 109. The sky was clear. It was dusk. The sky was still bluish pink from the sunsetting. We all noticed something hovering in the sky on the opposite side of the highway in front of us. It was triangular. It was not moving. At each vertex of the triangle there was a white light. The three lights appeared equidistant from each other. We could see a flat bottom and the light allowed us to see a 90 degree angle where the bottom met the edges that then moved up to give the object height. Most of us couldn1t stop looking at the edges because they were not anything like any aircraft that we are familiar with. We could see that the object was a flat metal color. It had no shine to it. Where the light hit the object, it looked like a tin color. There were no color lights at all. My wife was driving, but she could see it out her window, but not for as long as I could see it from the passenger seat. My three children were in the backseat. All three children saw the object. I saw it out the front window first, then through the back window, and then I took off my seatbelt and stuck my head out the roof through the sunroof. When I stuck my head out the roof, I could not hear anything more than the wind caused by driving. No airplane sound at all, at anytime. The object never moved, it just hovered. My wife was afraid to pull over, so we lost sight of it as we drove away.  We do not look for UFO1s. This object was so out of place that it was difficult for us not to notice it. All of us noticed it at the same time, and we were all in shock as we starred at it for as long as we could. My daughter even became frightened; it was that real to her. I did not try to take a photo because there was not enough time, and I would have lost a lot of the time I had to observe it. All we had was our cell phones, and we didn't think a cell phone picture would have shown anything more than the lights, so we just watched the object as we drove away from it.
