{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-04-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547458","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"16474","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2269,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/458/mufon-5547458.json","updb_database_id":5547458}
Black triangle, three lights in the shape of a triangle.

Last Saturday at about 8pm, I saw a black triangle go over my house, I could barely see it, but then it went between me and clouds, I could see it clearly for just a second or two. It was a black triangle, it was approximately 4-7000ft, it made no sound and was moving faster than any commercial aircraft I had ever seen. The whole sighting lasted about 7-10 seconds. I shrugged it off thinking that it was a commercial aircraft because I live close to MCO airport and it caught me by surprise and I didn1t get time to focus and think. 

Tonight at approximately 11:35, I was in the back yard, and I looked up and saw three lights in the shape of a triangle. Tonight, it looked as if it was three lights in the shape of a triangle, but I couldn1t make out the shape like I could before. There was a very very slight overcast, but it was definitely there, I followed it from almost right above me to about 22.5 degrees and it disappeared into thin air. The sky was hazy, but I could still see the stars through it. The lights made no sound, they moved very quickly, and just disappeared. I thought that I was crazy the first time I saw it, or maybe because I saw it by surprise and didn1t get enough time to actually focus on it and thought it was a plane. Tonight I was able to fully watch it, and I know it wasn1t a commercial aircraft. It disappeared right in front of my eyes. It almost looked like three symmetrical spotlights pointed at the sky then moved across and turned off. I have never seen anything like this before.

I am not crazy, this stuff does not shake me up, but tonight I had goosebumps down my back!
