{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-04-22 13:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490458","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69126","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4931,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/458/mufon-5490458.json","updb_database_id":5490458}
Camera Shot!

Was vacationing with a friend in British Columbia. She drove on an isolated road where she knew of a natural hot spring. The road is high up in the mountains.It took approx. 15-20 minutes to get to the natural hot springs. We had entered the road from the main trans Canada highway, since we were vacationing in Radium Hotsprings.

I took a few pictures of the area once we arrived. We were both amazed at the natural beauty of the scenery. I'd say that the trees were surrounding the area and we were in the middle of the mountainous area. The road has been used quite a bit to get to a smaller community further down the road.   

We felt a heavy presence watching us after being there for about 5 minutes, We both felt alerted to the presence. We also assumed it could possibly an animal. We waited for about 5 minutes looking around wondering if there was a type of bear or cougars around. But we did not hear anything moving in the bushes near by. 

We felt a bit uneasy but okay at the same time like it was not threatening but of course being in the middle of the mountains you have to be on alert for possible cougars and bears as well. 

We both changed into our swim suits with our backs turned to each other, lol so we did not look at each other. lol There was a running river near the natural hot spring area which was beautiful. 

There were about 4 pools that were manually structured with rectangular rocks around the natural running hot spring. I took one pool and my friend took the other pool to soak in. 

I still felt the presence of being watched but i did not say anything to my friend. I was enjoying my soak. I do not know how long we were there but i said to my friend, Just to let you know I am not watching you. lol 
She started to laugh because she felt the same way and felt like something was watching her.It almost felt like a flash of time went by when we were soaking in the hot springs, because we both said at the same time are you ready to leave?, yeah it's time to leave. So we both got dressed and went to my friends car.  

Then we seen another car stop and pull into the same area we were in and we left the same way we came. We seen deer's and I took pictures of the animals on the way out of the mountains. We talked about our experience being there and we chalked it up to being animals and my friend said very weird.

My friend that evening was very sick, she said she had a head ache, was puking and dizzy. We were in a hotel at radium hot springs. I tried to comfort her by giving her water , but she's an independent women so she really did not need my help. If she needed anything I was there to help her. 

I was looking at the pictures I took from the day and just thought of how beautiful of a surrounding we were in and I was in awe from the pics I took at the natural hot spring area. Then I noticed something out of place in one of the pic's from there. I noticed a bluish white light on the top of my pic near the top of the tree lines. I thought WTF is that and zoomed in on it. 

I was shocked and I turned to my friend and said her name, OMG!!!! look what came up in our pics from there!!!! This is what was watching us!!! She went OMG! AND GOT SICK AGAIN. She even said that she is probably sick from the radiation that it could have exposed us to. I agreed.

We did not see anything there physically, but we did feel a strong heavy presence of being watched. To the point of both of us being a bit paranoid. So here are the pics.  

If you turn the pic vertical, you can make out the shape of a full size body outline from hear to toe in the middle of the shape. The out line is in the middle of the brightest lighted area. Enjoy!

I have before pics of the scenery without the entity and there of course after.
