{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-11-12 19:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546458","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"22672","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2507,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/458/mufon-5546458.json","updb_database_id":5546458}
Sighting of a UFO but with a different appearance in the eyes of 3 witnesses

I was in my dad's car at around evening time with my dad's work colleague, named "J", and her daughter, named "T". Me and "T" were sat at the back whilst "J" was at the front and my dad was driving. It started when I looked out of the window to the left in sight of some hills and I saw what I at first assumed to be an aeroplane flying at an extremely low altitude. It moved towards us and I kept watching, but soon realized that its lights looked nothing like an aeoplane's: it was a large white light with a slightly smaller yellow light flanking it, and a very small green light flashing at the bottom of the yellow light. I muttered "what the hell is that?" to myself, but soon screamed it when the yellow and green lights next to it dissappeared and the white light brightened tremendously, stinging my eyes sllightly and I felt very scared because it was at a very low altitude; "J" said it was probbaly only around 20 ft above the ground. I turned to "T" and "J" who were also staring at it, but dad couldn't look because he was driving. The last few seconds I saw it as it began to move over the car, the two other lights reappeared. The three of us turned to the right window but couldn't see it again because a lorry was in the way.

Here's the weird part: I told them what I saw, but "T" said that she saw a white light with the yellow light the same size and no green light, whilst "J" said she saw a row of white lights with no yellow or green light (but I can't remember how many lights she said she saw). We didn't report it because the authorities would say we imagined it all, not because of the fact we saw a UFO but because we all reported seeing it with different appearences. I've seen 5 other UFOs in my only 15 year lifetime but I've chosen this one because we all saw the same thing with a different appearence.
