{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-31 18:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284458","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118961","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6854,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/458/mufon-5284458.json","updb_database_id":5284458}
Two different kinds of UFOs interacting in the western sky just above the sunset over Conway, AR on Halloween 2021

At about 6:20 PM, I was traveling west on highway 64, coming out of the hills and trees just west of skunk hollow road. Just as I entered the eastern city limits of Conway, AR and I could clearly see the seemingly cloudless horizon above the beginning of the end of sunset as I came in to town (the sun was below the trees and sinking), I noticed what appeared to be, at first, some type of jet. I recall now catching a glimpse of it before i came in to town and thinking it was odd that a such an odd shaped cloud would be in an otherwise cloudless sky and thought perhaps it was the moon... it was that time of day,, perhaps it was peeking out... it looked almost sliver-like and maybe a little cloud covered but... again... no clouds... 

It was ahead of me to my left. I could see it seemed to have some sort of exhaust or something but it just seemed to suddenly appear and there was no trail to indicate that it had traveled from the right side of my field of vision to my left. As I continued west toward this thing, it appeared to hover... yet it still seemed to be putting out some sort of exhaust and definitely not the moon or a cloud. Around this time, I thought perhaps it was just the fact that this thing and I were moving together in such a way as to make it seem like it was hovering. This area of Arkansas often has military aircraft flying to and from as there's an airforce base near by so it's not unusual to come out of some hills and trees where your vision is obscured to suddenly see lights above you that seem to be hovering but are soon to be revealed as a c130 or something just traveling in relation to you so as to appear like it's hovering... It was around this time i started thinking this hovering jet-like looking thing almost resembled a dude in a jetpack kind of... just the way it seemed to hover and move only ever so slightly should it seem to move at all... It also seemed to sort of scoot sideways in a way... like perhaps it may have been triangular in shape... it was very hard to tell but... it was certain that it was some sort of craft that appeared to be pitting out some sort of exhaust as it traveled from the western sky toward the south east... But it didn't really move... much... if at all... until...

Off to the left of this object, just south of actual southwest, seemingly further out than this thing yet close enough to insinuate a connection between the two, a yellowish orange light appeared out of nowhere. Again..., I'm traveling west and just coming in to view of the horizon above Conway, Arkansas as the sun is going below the Arkansas River, the edge of the horizon is orange but in the still lit blue above, this hovering jet looking thing has not moved from where it seemed to be hovering, probably out somewhere west/southwest of Conway near Lillie, Toad Suck, and Bigelow perhaps... maybe even closer but certainly somewhere near the river... 

It's that time of day... maybe it's the moon... already ruled that out. Is this light a planet coming in to view... why is it orange? It grew in intensity as I came in to town and then seemed to wane and then go out as though it had been hidden by cloud cover as it seemed to move closer to the weird jet thing or the jet to it... But there were no clouds. As the light appeared, it also seemed as though there was a glow, similar in color to the light itself but more faint, as if, again there were cloud cover in front of it..., much like a thunder storm where lightning can be seen through cloud cover but not so sudden or bright... It was a soft yellowish orange color that seemed to grow more orange as it intensified, just as the ball of light intensified and grew more orange before it suddenly waned and died... But the jet thing remained... and the light was gone... Had the jet moved, was the light just a planet, why was it orange, what was up with a cloudless sky having two weird anomalies in such close proximity... what the fuck is happening right now, what am I watching, I'm surrounded by cars traveling the same direction is anyone else seeing this...?

Maybe it is a planet and it's just being obscured by some clouds higher up or something... But... then this light, planet, whatever appears suddenly to the right of this slow moving jet looking thing... It sort of slowly, lowly flickers as I see it for the first time since it went out to the right of the jet thing just south of straight west, close to where I first saw the jet thing, which is now just under where the light first appeared. It seems to go from a sort of flicker to a pulse as it heads northwest and then out of sight.

Around the time the light disappears for the first time, it occurs to me to grab my phone and call my friend and ask him to step outside and look up and west/southwest... not grab my camera. I thought it wouldn't really catch anything anyway... by the time I was actually able to get the call through, the light had disappeared northwestward and I was passing under the I-40 bridge from east Conway in to central and downtown Conway. The jet thing was still in the southwestern sky while I was on the phone with my friend but... it was now moving more rapidly southwest. The last I saw it, it was headed southeast... probably from Lollie area over I-40 toward Camp Robinson... basically the same flight plan for those c130s that come through this area...

What. The. Fuck... did I walk in on...? That's totally what it felt like... Even while it was all unfolding,.. the whole 5-7 minutes of it all... while I was trying to explain it away, I kept thinking I just walked in on something or like I was in a 'nothing to see here' type of scenario... Am I witnessing a freaking space battle... what is this? Is this jet thing injured or malfunctioning somehow and this ball of light is fixing it or checking it out or... is the light the reason the jet is messed up in the first place, are they friends, foes, are we the jet and they ghe light..., what... the... fuck... did I just see? It will haunt me always... and what better time than now to have had my first UFO experience be such a crazy fucking experience...
