{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-30 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484458","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75372","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4621,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/458/mufon-5484458.json","updb_database_id":5484458}
{rjl} Amber Orb Appears out of Strom Cloud

I was on Pensacola BEach near where I live testing out my new 24MP Nikon D3300. I Love to take over exposed and slow shutter speed shots at night. I liked the fact that there were relatively a lot of people on the beach for an evening. So I took a few shots on manual settings to capture the glow effect I like. My first shot I thought I saw something in my view finder. I took the shot and looked in the sky to find what I thought I saw. It was yet another of the amber orbs this area seems to attract. I took another shot without putting my eye to the view finder and let the camera focus by feel. When I heard the focus audio signal, a short beep, I snap a second shot. As I watched it the object moved from west to east over the beach. I zoomed in with what little I could as I only had a 18-55mm lens on my camera. But when I looked for it in the view finder, I couldn't see it anymore. When I pulled my eye away from the camera to look at it again, it was gone. 

Please note again, I was on manual controls. So when I took the 2nd shot, the result was what looks like an elongated cigar shaped UFO. But from the ground eye perspective, it remained an orb. The cigar shape is an illusion from the camera settings. But luckily I did have it on manual controls. Because in the first shot, you can clearly see the ambient light of the object interact with the foreground as it emerges around a storm cloud.

Have seen several of the amber lights while living in the area over the years. This is the first time I actually caught one with a camera. Have seen them much bigger and much closer. Years ago over Tiger Point when I was delivering pizza in college, I came to a cul de sac and every one was out of there houses. I thought it was a block party. But when I walked up to the customer she said "Look". I looked up and there was a more rose colored than amber light that seemed to be the size of a swimming pool about 2X tree top level, maybe 100 feet. Just as I looked at it, it split into 2, then 4, then 8, then 16, and on and on into smaller fractals. Then all the small parts reformed in another location as the large orb. I saw swimming pool in part because, yes it was about 30' in diameter. But also because the light coming from it had that glow you get from underwater lights. 

Just listened to your recent show with Kyle from UFO proof. And I have been feeling these orbs were some sort of advanced form of life we do not yet have a grasp of yet. Perhaps they are a life form that has somehow transcended the need for a physical body. All i can say, is that when I saw the film KPAX, I immediately thought of the weird plasma shapes that are so common in the are. 

Going to try to get more video of these and post them to my own YouTube channel, UFO experience. I really appreciate what you do. You have an excellent channel. Also appreciate you called out Third Phase of Moon. I'm pretty good with 3D Studio Max and After Effect. And, I could have sold out and made fake UFO videos for a long time now. But the subject is too interesting to me. And I'd rather get authentic images. Been seeing them since I was a 7 year old kid, and only now got two shots. Jeeze! Just two shots! You'd think by now I'd get invited onto a real flying saucer and get an interview with the pilot!

Attached are the two original pics I took on 8-30-15. And I've also included some zooms I did in Photoshop.
