{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-03-10 02:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521458","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34795","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3114,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/458/mufon-5521458.json","updb_database_id":5521458}
I seen them workin On there ship

I am going to redo this I was freaking out the last time..Let me try this agine...Now that im not having a panic attack which i have about everytime i try to talk about IT..People have never taken my story serious.
When i was a child i had problems sleeping so i use to go out in the woods and walk with a flashlight..

Well one morning around 2 am i went for a walk and heard a strange hum that was not coming from any farm machine i knew off so i followed the noise..
In a baseball field above where i live there was a cigar shaped ship with 2 id say 7 foot tall MEn with blonde hair that was braided down there backs in suites that looked like a jumpsuite After ud glue Silver glitter all over it...
They where what seems like working on a small Square part of the ship that was opened up LIke u open a car door kinda...

For about a hour i watched them many lights where bliniking all diffrent colors IT seemed From what ever they where doing.BUt only the part of the craft they where working on So id say it was coming From inside the craft inner workings and the device they where useing Looked kinda Like a gluegun id say with a strange Steady light coming from it.(id say working on there craft)..

About a hour later They close this spot in there ship and a walk way opened in what id say was the back of the craft and they got in it They seems to move In a more calm Flow then me or you IT wasent sloppy they moved in a flow with eachother step per step...

Shortly after The hum got louder and rocks and garbage just about anything that was around me on the ground since i was trying to hide in the bush outta fear Picked up off the ground like it was vibrating or something and The hum built up into a BBBOOOOm and it zipped off into the clouds and knocked me on my butt i Mean it Lifted me off my feet like some kinda sonic BBOOOMM and i smacked my back first off a tree and they where gone..
For the next id say week after There where Helicopters going over the area at lower then id think was normal i was only a child But looking back on it Doesnt seem normal.

Im sorry about the report before this:I was very excited to make a report about it and got ahead of my self and made a very bad account of what had happend I still get panic attacks from it and nightmares... IF anybody KNows anything about this OR had a encounter like Mine please Tell me..THis has been eating away at me my hole life Case it just isent in the fram of reality I Thought i knew...
