{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-13 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487458","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72202","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4881,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/458/mufon-5487458.json","updb_database_id":5487458}
Disc like object with pulsateing lights . shadowy figuer . Later encounter with possible MIB agents

Please forgiven me for my poor spelling . I was watching tv at about 10pm when the reseption went blurry (like a acid trip) so not thinking anything of it i rolled a cigarette and went out side to wait for the reseption to come back. While i was sitting out side i started looking at the stars ( i live in a small town with not to much light around so the sky at night is amazing , my house also back onto bush land ) about a minute or so in i noticed a perfict circuler star shining a very intence white . At the same time i heard a rustling noise behind my back fence , i didnt think anythig of the noise as i was so amazed buy the star . After a few moments i notice the star was growing in size and rapidly at that after a minute or so it became so big i couldnt cover it with my hand . Its about this time i noticed a shadow like figuer watching me in the clearing between my fence and the bush land .I could tell the shadow like figuer was very thin like about 5 ft tall and longer arm lenght to what id say was normal . I watch the figuer as it looked at me and walked back towards the bush. It was then i some how felt i should look back up quickly and as i did the star separated in to two disc like objects and both stared pulsating with deferent yellowish with a green,blue hew then one of the disc flew in a SE direction over the house while th other appeared to be getting closer and bigger in size .I started getting a bit freaked out when i remembered the figuer. I looked back to see the figuer had vanished .I looked back up and the other disc or a new one had appeared back next to the other one and was pulsating brighter then the first one was . The second ( maybe new ) craft then took of east at a speed i have never seen before then turned 90 degree to the south and vanished over the house . I turned and watch the other craft sit in the same positions for a fether 2 or so minute befor it seemed to lift further into the sky ( as it was getting smaller in size ) and gave of one last blast of light yellowish in coulor like before except alot more intence and took of south so fast that it looked like a blurry streak. A few hours later after i calmed down and went to bed ( after i locked the doors and pulled out a rifle i had hiden away) i heard noises in the back yard ( bout 1 maybe 2am ) so i got up to check it out . I crept up to the back fence and heard voices , i popped my head over the fence and pointed a tourch ,which i dont remember grabbing , at two men walking around the clearing .One was dressed in aus army uniform but it was the second man that was the one that court my attention  . He was dressed in the best black suit ive ever seen he hade no visible hair anywhere that was exposed his eyes were black and he spoke with a American accent . The first thing he said was ....."mr #%&@$i need to talk with you now" . I said" about what and before i do who the **** are you and what are you doing out here in the midle of the night you shifty looking cunt" . His reply was you know why we are here and we know what you saw. He then made me explain what id seen then told me not to move .It was then i noticed a third man dressed the same as the second . They talked for a few seconds and both walked back over to me . The one i first talked to said "you know what you seen? Nothing and thats it.Dont talk to anyone about tonight and remember we will be monetoring you now go inside and roll youself a smoke and forget . Good night mr @#%* . I went to bed and tried to forget i also never looked back outside till ten the net morning . Im writing this to you guys as i dont know whom to talk to and in saying that i am also atm scared for my life for writing this to yous aswell. I dont have any photographs or video fotage but i had to write something as i seem to be the only one whom seen it . Since the incident i have a constant ringing in my left ear weird shivers and what seems to be a off and on eregular heart beat. Im now a beliver of whats out there and i also am so sorry for the people i branded as liers . I now know what its like not having anyone to turn to. Thanks for your time . I do belive sending this has put me at great risk....
