{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-01 13:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488458","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71185","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3186,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/458/mufon-5488458.json","updb_database_id":5488458}
{nd} I along with 3 car passengers observed and followed a dark hovering cigar shaped disc.

I was riding in a car with three other male passengers heading away from Saratoga NY heading towards Utica NY. The driver spotted something in the sky asking the other passengers what it was. It was around 1:30 pm and I was sitting in the back seat when I looked at the "object" pointed out by the driver. I saw a dark cigar shaped "object" that was hovering in the distance. At first I didn't know what the "object" was but everyone in the car discussed and dismissed several options of what it could be. We ruled out a plane, helicopter, blimp and even a cloud. The car was traveling at around 50 mph and we followed this "object" for at least 10 minutes and never lost sight of it but never seeming to get closer to it. One of the passengers had a cell phone that took photos taking several photos from inside the car. The "object" seemed to keep hovering but moving slowly to the right but staying ahead of the car. We arrived in a small town (Johnstown NY) and pulled the car into a store parking lot. I got out of the car taking the other passenger's cell phone taking photos from outside, the other males remained inside the car. We tried to get closer to the "object" but were now in town with stores and then neighborhoods and lost sight of the object. On our drive home we all discussed what we each saw. One of the passengers estimated the "object" at (40-50) yards in length and the driver estimated it to stay about a mile ahead of us. All the males passengers work together and have discussed our sighting since deciding to report it here. I've reviewed the photos and although they are not close-ups the "object" we witnessed does appear in the photos. I've zoomed in to the best I could and noticed something I did not see with my naked eye during my sighting. The zoom of the photo shows a "glow" on the top and bottom of the "object". Since the sighting I can not stop thinking about it because I've never had a sighting before which is why I'm writing this now.
