{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-07-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492458","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67079","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3288,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/458/mufon-5492458.json","updb_database_id":5492458}
{rjl} Multiple dancing stars changing colors, multiple nights.

First, let me just say this happened more than once. The dates are very approximate, as this happened years ago when I was between six and nine years old... I think closer to seven or eight, just going by that this was before a very big change in my life occurred.

Anyway, I remember the actual sighting so clearly. I was a child, sitting in my bed at night time. It was down time, and my bed was right next to the window. I always loved the stars, so I would read with the window open and just sometimes look up into the sky. My guess is this was around summertime, when the skies were clear. I THINK mid to late July. I looked out my window and saw, right in the center of the window, a very bright star. It looked about three times the size of a regular star. It suddenly started moving in a very sporadic pattern, whizzing around like someone playing with a laser pointer. After a few seconds, it just stopped right in its original spot, but looked brighter than before. It froze for just a second, and split into two lights. Now, I don't remember the exact orders of the colors, but this repeated until there were four lights, each a different color. They would dance around, freeze into one large white light, then split into multiple smaller lights in different colors. After there were four lights, they kept joining and dancing, but no longer multiplying. They did, however, change what color they were after each split. So, red would then be green, blue would then be purple, etc. After they were done multiplying, three lights would dance around the bright center white light. They only flew around for seconds at a time. This lasted for a couple minutes, until they formed back into the white light an shot straight up into the sky with incredible speed and vanished.

Now, here is the thing... When I tried telling my parents what happened, they didn't believe me. I wasn't taken seriously until this happened one the THIRD night in a row. Yes, multiple sightings. My father very heavily believed that there were no such things as spaceships or aliens and tried very hard to teach me that. Each night, it happened around 8 or 9 PM. After that third night, it stopped, but came back two weeks later... My father insisted I was just seeing planes, toy lights, maybe even angels. Anything but aliens. So, I never was able to record it, and this was about 15 years ago... well before digital cameras with video recorders were common in every household. So, sadly, I have no proof... Just my word.
