{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-06-19 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289458","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113899","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4675,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/458/mufon-5289458.json","updb_database_id":5289458}
Unknown light/possible abduction

I was camping with 2 close friends, who are cousins, in the summer of 2010 on a peninsula campsite in Rainy lake east of International falls, Minnesota. We were on a basic campsite on the waters edge with no electricity, only a bare spot around a campfire ring with woods and a trail that led to a pit toilet down the trail. Fishing was our main purpose for our vacation and their grandparents owned a cabin house on the north side of road 94 east of Ranier. We had kayaked almost all day and ended our fishing at the campsite from shore to catch walleye just before dark. As the sun went down, I began cleaning fish for dinner while Dana got the fire going to fry fish. His cousin Jeremie was relaxing in a camping chair while I started cooking fish. Dana brought up a story from Waverly, Iowa about 2 unknown objects that we saw only a few years ago. He asked me to tell Jeremie the story so I got out of my chair where I was breading fish and described what we witnessed in Iowa with hand gestures and the sky as a navigational tool. As I finished the story, I noticed a large white light on the horizon to the west and said “what the hell is that?”. Jeremie said, “yeah, right!” But looked over to where I was pointing. Dana and Jeremie both got out of their chairs and stood with me while we watched a white silent light that was larger and brighter than all the surrounding stars in the sky. There was no moon out at the time and from having a father who has written more than a dozen books on aviation, I’ve seen plenty of aircraft in my time of going to air shows and having my father explain to me what’s out in the sky at night. It was definitely not civilian or military craft. As the object came closer, Dana and Jeremie began to shine their flashlights at it. I shouted “turn your fucking lights off!” at them as it made its way towards us. I don’t know the size or elevation of the object, only that it stopped moving once it was directly above us. From my recollection, it was solid white once it stopped. As I stared at it, the object began to change colors. I did notice that 10% of my per referral vision around the object had a blurred vibration to it around the object when looking past to the stars behind it. It changed from white, to yellow, then to orange, and finally to a bright red that hurt my vision. Then in shot straight up into the night sky until it disappeared. I remember all of us just saying that it was too weird and that we should just go to bed after finishing dinner, which we did. In the following years, Dana and I have had multiple conversations about what happened but Jeremie has never really wanted to talk about it. He only shrugged it off as being something that we couldn’t explain and that it was crazy. The reason I’m finally reaching out is because just 2 days ago I finally had a real in depth conversation with Jeremie about what happened. Jeremie explained it to me just as I’d remembered but had additional memories that I lacked. I thought the whole experience lasted for about two minutes but Jeremie told me that he remembers our campfire being at full blaze before standing up to watch the object and once it left the fire was only coals that Dana had to add more wood to. He believed we have some lost time. What he said stopped me in my tracks while walking through my house. What I believe to be a memory flashed through my head of me sitting back down in my chair to grab the plate of fish filets I was battering, grabbing the frying pan on the other side of my chair, and looking over to an almost extinguished fire that Dana was putting wood on. I didn’t remember that until Jeremie said that the fire was almost out. He also said that he remembers our campsite and the area around us was lit up with some sort of light, but I don’t remember that. I’m not sure what else there is to say about the experience other than it was something I definitely couldn’t identify and had a memory come back that I’d previously lost or forgotten about.
