{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-26 18:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520458","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36103","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2830,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/458/mufon-5520458.json","updb_database_id":5520458}
Saw what I thought was a star or Venus, lifted my 10x50 power binocs, but it wasnt a star.

Well, Ive been sitting at my kitchen table most of the day, while on the internet, looking out the window regularly as usual. Noticed a few airplanes starting some chem trail activity,and was talking to my mom on my cellphone, with the head set on, and about 6:18pm or so, I looked out the window and up and saw a bright light. I keep my binoculars close by, [at arms length] and just instictively grabed them while listening to mom talk. The light seemed to stay on like a far away handheld spotlight, but then stated moving away from my direction, heading about due West. The light would seen to dim, like when an airplane catches the sun setting in the evening and you can see the reflection from a long ways off. Then as the light seemed to dim, I tried to get a focus through my 10x 50 power binocs, but could only make out an object that seemed to be vauge in shape. I couldt make out the shape. It must have been really high up in the sky, because it was way above the chemtrails, and I can always make out the engine configuration on all aircraft, with those binocs. Then the light became brighter yet again, for maybe 15 seconds, and got dim again, and by that time I knew if I had moved the binoculars away from my eyes, I would not be able to see the object again. I watched it untill it went behing the neighbors chimney.  I have seen this type of light in the past, up in the sky, but never had binoculars with me. I have seen UFOs in the past, but never have reported them.  My first sighting was on Nov. 30th, 2003, I believe. I was looking out the window again, and saw an object in the day time, that seemed to appear out of nowhere, and then did a move that would appear to be about 2 inches, at arms length, very quickly, and then it moved in another dirction, again about 2 or 3 inches at arms length. Then it just disappeared. But the strangest thing was the thougt that popped into my head, immediatly after that sighting, and the thought was more like a voice saying to me, " Why so surprised, youve always known that they were there."  That was the weird part.   I almost never answer my landline phone. It doesnt work very well.
