{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-12-24 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480642","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79411","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2546,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/642/mufon-5480642.json","updb_database_id":5480642}
Had a feeling to walk to balcony, think I saw a light or object then blacked out.

I was about 5 years old living in Romania. On Christmas Eve at around 830pm I was drawn to the balcony for some reason, I remember walking towards the balcony and when I went out onto it I looked up and don't remember anything after that. I think, however I may have seen a flash of light or an object in the sky right before blacking out. I remember then waking up on the balcony and being so tired that I couldn't walk and had to crawl inside of my parents apartment, before passing out from exhaustion I looked at the clock and 8 hours have passed from 8:30pm to about 4:30am or 5' I remember it being very late and being very confused. The next day I started to remember, me being inside a white room. I couldn't gauge the size of the room because it was bright white and I could not see any defining edges. There where 3 tall blonde people wearing tight blue and white uniforms, it seemed like they where busy doing stuff and looked like, well I guess it looked like they where working at a terminal or desk that seemed to protrude from the floor of the room. I remember they where all very good looking, especially the woman she was beautiful. I remember holding my mothers hand, looking to my right I can see her holding my hand but she wasn't moving at all, kinda like she was frozen or not really there. I remember one of the men that was working at his terminal quickly glance at me, he then stopped to look at me and smile. It was unlike any smile I had ever seen before, it was really wide, I suppose similar to how they animate the grinch. I remember not feeling scsred, I though I was having a dream about Angels, I never forgot this dream I remembered it for years. I got goosebumps when I first learned of Nordic aliens, how they are mainly spotted in Europe and they're physical descriptions, clothing and other known traits I feel as that my dream wasn't a dream.
