{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-14 21:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504642","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54245","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2523,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/642/mufon-5504642.json","updb_database_id":5504642}
An evening walk found me standing on Valleyview Hill just before 10pm. I seen a bright light coming across the mountains and over the hospital and tTm Hortons.

It was just before 10 pm and I was out for a quick evening walk. It was quiet,no dogs barking, no sound of cars. I went to the top of Valleyview Hill overlooking the bicycle trail and skidoo hill. I was facing looking towards the hospital and I noticed a bright glowing light comng over the hills and straight towards the hospital. I first thought of a late night flight to Goose Bay airport. I then noticed there weren't any starboard or port lights, it was just glowing silver ovoid. The sky was clear, very intermitten clouds, wind was from the south. It traveled parallel to the bike path past Tim Hortons and Lawrence Obrien Centre then took a sharp 45 degree angle and flew towards the lower end of the Valley before ascending quickly in the sky toards the mountains and disappearing in the high atmosphere.There wasn't any sound.

This isn't my first sighting. I was 12 years old and walking back from Warrs Pharmacy on Hamilton River Road in Happy Valley. I was walking along back to my home at the lower end of Hamilton River. It was a Friday night about 7pm, a clear, starry December evening. What made me look up towards the evening sky I don't know. I never heard a thing and this thing was HUGE.It dwarfed the two riverside homes it hovered behind. It was cigar shaped, tapered at the ends, and had a silvery glow and had eight windows. From those windows came a brighter light and first thing I thought was they didn't have curtains to keep out the cold. Second was that something was looking at me through those windows. It just hovered there while I watched it about 15 seconds.

It then moved in five jerky parallel movements, each about 100 meters, each movement towards Birch Island where it continued upriver till I lost sight of it.
