{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-02-16 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289642","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113711","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4192,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/642/mufon-5289642.json","updb_database_id":5289642}
Two possible UFOs - Daytime sighting

Hello,

I was working in my garage yesterday and happened to look in the sky. I noticed an airplane in the sky, which is nothing abnormal since I live within a 30 mile radius of Orange County Airport, Long Beach Airport, and LAX. Also, we live on the coast so we are able to see Catalina island and San Clemente Island. San Clemente island is I believe occupied by the Military and is off limits to public. Camp Pendleton in San Diego is about an hour away from me and you can sometimes hear the faint “boom” of them testing some cannons or other weaponry (this isn’t conspiracy, this is public knowledge). Anyway, when I was looking at the plane I notice a small dark circular object. I stared at it for about 2 minutes because it didn’t move or react like anything I’ve seen before. The plane kept going and eventually went out of my view and the other object just stayed at a slow current pace. Then I noticed another one just appear. That’s when I decided to take out my phone and record. When I first noticed them they were very small and looked black. I could instantly tell that they were not birds or airplanes, so I thought maybe helicopters or balloons, (I see helicopters all the time too...often they are military choppers). As they got closer I began to think that they were balloons because I could see a metallic reflection from the sun every now and then. So I figured they were balloons. I was just about to stop filming when I lost one (could have been blown behind clouds if it was in fact a balloon, but it sure did look like it evaporated out of no where). Then a few seconds later, the other one was about to go over my condo and out of my view when it took an immediate and much faster speed in a different direction. I guess it could have been a gust of wind, but these things were going at a constant speed and motion for about 3 minutes and I didn’t feel any wind (at least at ground level) and then they just disappeared/shot-off when they got closer to me. I have it on my video phone...it’s at the very end of the video that you see the object immediately change direction and speed up and then it was gone. That’s when I put my phone down so I could try and chase it to see where it went. I did 360 circles in our community parking lot scanning the sky and they were no where to be seen. You can’t tell because I put my phone down like an idiot, but the direction the last one took off in had much clearer skies. So if they were moving slow enough for me to watch them for minutes...then it should have been pretty easy to spot when it changed directions with a clear sky as the background. It was then that I decided to submit this because it felt really weird. Maybe it was just all a coincidence, but I was just really hoping to get closure on this one. This is not the first sighting I’ve had. The other was 13 years ago and was FOR SURE a UFO...but I didn’t get it on camera so no one ever believed me. I just thought I’d send the videos to see if you think they were balloons or possibly unidentified. I’d be lying if I said I didn’t want them to be UFOs, but if they aren’t I’d still be happy just to know what they were.

Thank you for your time and consideration.

(name removed to investigators report section/cms/LLL)
