{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-07-15 22:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452642","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108997","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3064,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/642/mufon-5452642.json","updb_database_id":5452642}
Craft (?) spotted behind clouds.

During the summer of 1988 or 1989 I was up at Alder Lake in Wisconsin with my brother, my dad, my dad’s then girlfriend and her two suns. Our second or third night there there was an electrical storm over the lake (lightning but no rain, and I can’t recall thunder). I believe it was the summer between 5th and 6th grade (but I was the youngest there by a few years), so my recollection isn’t eidetic. I know all 6 of us were on the dock and witnessed the object, but I don’t recall if we were all out there from the start, or only once the object/lights were seen. 

The object was behind clouds, so we didn’t get a look at the object itself, but the lights on the object are something I’ve not seen before or since. It was light two giant spotlights in the sky, directly opposite each other that rotated 360° around the craft. They were too far apart to have been a single search light (or any light) mounted on a conventional aircraft. The beams rotated around the craft in sync once or twice, paused, and repeated. There was no sound, and the craft moved far too slowly for it to be any conventional craft. 

The next detail I cannot personally attest to, as I couldn’t see it, but my brother and at least one of the girlfriend’s sons observed 3 dots (lights) on each side of the craft, and claimed when the very visible beams hit the 3 dots, that’s when lightning would strike. Like I said, I looked, but couldn’t see them. I do know the lightning did seem to be fairly consistent/regular. 

We were all transfixed and just stood watching the lights until they disappeared over the tree line a good 20 or 30 minutes. Even my dad, a well educated, very rational man, was at a complete loss as to what it could have possibly been. What’s strange is despite being completely fixated and in awe of the lights, not one of us thought of going into the cabin and getting the camcorder or any of the cameras we had with us. 

Unfortunately I don’t have any photographic evidence to present, but I’m happy to provide the names of the other witnesses if you feel this warrants any further investigation. 

Again, I can’t say for certain it was something otherworldly, but it’s something that’s stayed with me for 30 years. 

A few years later, during a thunderstorm, I did see a multicolored glowing orb in the backyard, but again, I don’t know how relevant or noteworthy it is.
