{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-12 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515642","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42508","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":13286,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/642/mufon-5515642.json","updb_database_id":5515642}
(GS) Orange balls of glowing light pass close during night swim.

At a little after 10 PM Sunday evening August 12th, 2012, my wife 48 yrs old) and myself (49) climbed into our 16 foot illuminated (underwater light) pool at the side of our home next to the RV parking, surrounded by darkness and stars. We were home alone which was rare. My 16 year old son [Name removed/cms/tg] was at his girlfriend1s home and my 14 year old daughter [Name removed/cms/tg] was at a friend1s house as well. Weather was warm, pool temperature was perfect, sky was brilliantly lit with stars and I found myself immediately focused on the sky as I swam with my wife.
 
For the next 20 minutes we talked about the subject of what I have learned during my search for truth in the field of UFOlogy over the many years I have a been a student of this controversial subject matter. The conversation centered around the thing that stuck out the most from what I have learned1that a species of animal, mostly insect like and only partially human (a very physically weak but spiritually strong species) had taken it upon itself, apparently with the permission of someone higher than themselves by their own admission (1we have the right1), to undertake a massive, covert cross breeding operation here on Earth spanning over some 60 plus years.  This covert operation has been referred to within UFOlogical literature and case data as 1The Abduction Phenomenon1. 
Abductions may have begun as early as the late 19401s and 501s but didn1t become widely publicized until the 19601s. Reports of the abduction phenomenon have been made around the world, but are most common in English speaking countries, especially the United States. The numbers of reports peaked in numbers and in detail in the late 801s and early 901s and began to taper off from 2000 on.  Abductions were also being reported to me Personally here in Oregon through my involvement with The Mutual UFO Network (I was an investigator and later assistant State Director for Oregon) as well as with Oregon UFO Research which I helped co-found in 2000 with Skip Shultz, former State Director the Oregon MUFON Chapter.  People were reporting being taken about every eight years of their life, starting at around 11 years of age and continuing throughout their lifespan (at 11, 19, 27, 35, 43, 51 and 59 years).  The visit lasted on average 2 hours. For those who would not want to remember the event, the memory was blocked, with only missing time that could not be accounted for following a close range detailed UFO craft sighting.  For those who later decided to search for truth to what they felt was repressed memories, hypnotic regression by a licensed hypnotherapist to retrieve memories of the actual abduction became a tool for retrieving incredibly revealing data about what exactly was going on during the abduction. As many as 30% of abductees remember the event without such regression and seemed to be related to their will to remember and a lack of fear of it.  
During the 19801s, investigative works by individuals like Budd Hopkins, John Edward Mack and David M. Jacobs began to paint a narrative that abductions were far more common than earlier suspected and they estimate that tens of thousands (or more) North Americans had been taken by unexplained beings that appeared to be attempting a program of widespread, systematic interbreeding to create human1alien hybrids.  Most abductions report that there was always one creature that was observed and communicated with that was seen as an elder1an old, non-threatening wise creature which stood less than 5 feet with very thin, wispy white hair, often covered by a hood. This creature did all the communication with the human subject and would only answer questions if asked. This creature was in charge. This creature was often present during the second part of the abduction when offspring, anywhere from 9 to 12 per eight year visit, were presented to the human host/parent at which time information about the parent was 1downloaded1 to the offspring/hybrid children.  If asked who these creatures all were, the elder would explain that he was of the human beings spirit and that the small ones were of the abductees 1code1 and that others holding those small creatures and actually responsible for taking the abductee were biological units created as workers, similar to what goes on in an insect colony.  If you did not ask, this information was not shared.

Back to the pool120 minutes into our swim the discussion was interrupted by us noticing what appeared to be a glowing orange ball of light passing the pool to the west about a quarter mile away and less than 500 feet. I pointed to it and commented to my wife how THAT looks like an orange glowing ball of light. Already a little nervous at the subject matter we had been talking about and now seeing this she sort of shined it off as probably a light on an airplane even in light of the fact it made no sound which we should have heard at such a short distance away. I didn1t have my glasses on so I took her word for it, turned to continue our conversation when I had what can only be described as an Epiphany for a lack of another explanation1a thought suddenly shoved into the forefront of my head.
 
1Revelation 14 has come to pass1the 144,000 are gone from here.1

I stood in the middle of the pool sort of shocked, trying to figure out what this meant as I was not familiar with what exactly Revelation 14 said but I was familiar with the fact that the Bible makes mention of the number with some churches suggesting that particular future revelation pertains to the number of Christians being 1raptured1 or taken up into the sky during 1end times1 and was also aware that Jehovah1s Witnesses have also long taken that as a number only relegated their churches membership.
 
I looked at my wife across the pool trying to figure out how to explain what just happened1

11What is it?1 she asked.

I told her I had just had an Epiphany that Revelation 14 had come to pass and that 144,000 are gone.  She looked very uncomfortable, looked around the sky (the orange ball/ 1probably a small plane1 was gone). She clearly got spooked and simply said she didn1t want to talk about it. We went back to swimming and for the next 5 minutes I explained to her an orange ball sighting I had had back in the late 19801s when I was living in West Salem as a MUFON investigator that was very similar to the orange ball we had just seen that was 1probably an airplane1. 

I had just finished telling her the story with the words 1it was the darndest thing I had ever seen11 turned to my left and here come 5 orange balls of silent traveling light a quarter mile away and at less than 500 feet (the circumference of the illuminating glow perhaps the size of small Volkswagen Beetles) traversing over the neighborhood between my street (Siesta) and the street to the west of ours (Bonanza) at about 20 to 30 miles per hour, traveling against a 5 to 10 mile per hour wind and rapidly approaching the airspace directly across from our pool. I counted as each appeared from around our tall front tree into our view1when I got to five my wife, now coming to the realization that this was not a small plane like the first one 5 minutes before, turned to me11go get your glasses1.  I quickly got out of the pool and dashed to the kitchen door retrieving my
glasses sitting on the kitchen bar and ran back to the edge of the pool, propping my arms up on the wood pile that lined the property line. My wife was out of the pool as well and standing behind me watching as the objects now slowly cruised by together, reminiscent Japanese lanterns but at a close enough vantage point to clearly eliminate that possibility. The orbs traveled from right to left in front of us, allowing us a really good look. The light from the orbs were rich and brilliant but not blinding1beautiful to look at. They also were clearly traveling together and independent of the wind so I quickly dismissed the possibility of candle heated floating devises such as is seen when a homemade Japanese lantern is launched. As they continued to our left, the glow began to fade as they reached the tallest tree in our neighborhood. As they began to fade one by one, I could now see through the glow to a dark round object in the center which I assumed was the source of energy creating the round glow. As the glow completely went out, the dark objects would simply blend in with the dark night sky.

The following morning I called Peter Davenport at the National UFO Reporting Center in Seattle. Peter and I have worked alongside each other for years1him shooting reports my way to investigate and me posting the findings at NUFORC as well as at my own website, Oregon UFO Review. I told Peter of my sighting the night before and discovered from him that for the past 1 1 to 2 years he has been getting inundated at NUFORC with reports of orange glowing balls of light from all around the world and especially in the US.  At the time of our conversation, he was sitting on 800 reports that he had not had time to post as of August 13 when we spoke. He made a comment to me on the phone that stuck out about the quality of witnesses being 1solid witnesses, good Christian folk1. 
On Tuesday evening, two days later, as my wife and I climbed into bed I finally got around to cracking open my bible to Revelation 14 and was taken aback. The five fairly short verses, written down by the author John while living in exile on the Greek island of Patmos as a result of anti-Christian persecution under the Roman emperor at that time, reported being visited by an angel and given a glimpse (revelation) into future events relevant to things to look for during 1end times1 (troublesome times especially for the non-believer according to Revelations as a general theme).  In one of these visits, John reports being given a glimpse of a future event and describes seeing 1the Lamb1 (referred to in scripture as Jesus Christ) and 144,000 human souls. He speaks of the 144,000 being at a place not here on Earth but in the presence of God singing 1a new song1 that no other humans had yet sung and doing so before 1the four living creatures1 (a reference also found in Ezekiel regarding his experience with the 1four living creatures1 and what reads like a UFO craft in that chapter). Elders are also described as being present in Johns vision and that the 144,000 were redeemed from the earth, from mankind as first fruits for God, blameless, having never told a lie and being ones who are virgins.
 
I hypothesized with my wife and she agreed that this revelation has to be about thousands of very young children if for no other reason because who on this earth can say they have never told a lie?

On the evening of August 12th I feel I was given the answer to a personal life long question as I had always wondered whatever became of the children born of human systematic interbreeding and also strongly felt that the older, wise 1alien1 (called 1greys1 in UFO literature) being so commonly reported during abductions, describing babies as being 1News1 and Himself as being of our Spirit, WAS in fact a physical manifestation of what the Holy Bible describes as The Holy Spirit and the one Jesus described to his apostles that he would send after He is gone to help guide mankind.
 
I further hypothesized that with thousands of reports of these orange balls of light coming within close proximity of humans as currently being reported over at The National UFO Reporting Center that the balls are related to the UFO phenomenon which I was now confident was of a highly spiritual nature.
 
By the approaching weekend (6 days after our pool sighting) our family found ourselves vacationing at one of Oregon1s beautiful ocean beaches and as we sat next to the fire we had built as the sun went down we watched as a group next to us with their own fire celebrated a wedding from earlier by launching some 20 Japanese lanterns into the dark night sky, allowing my wife and I to reconfirm just how different the lanterns were to what we saw. I pondered how back in the day I would have orchestrated such an event as part of the investigative process to try and debunk the sighting and found it oddly ironic how instead we ended up with a front row seat to what exactly a Japanese lantern looks like as we watched some 20 of them launch and drift away1a reaffirmation of what we saw and what our sighting was not. 

[Name removed/cms/tg] - Oregon UFO Research.
