{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-17 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520642","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35893","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3000,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/642/mufon-5520642.json","updb_database_id":5520642}
a very bright orange/yellow light that hoover in erratic directions, circles, zig zags, fazing in n out for about 2 hours

I live on a 12 ac small ranch. I have a couple of cows and horses, but my neighbors have pasters that separate our homes. And they have several heads of cattle. For about one month my adult son and I while outside have noticed these orange/yellow like orbs hoovering to the left of our property. We noticed them because they were so bright, strange in color, not moving just hoovering, and very close to our cabin. We do live close to a small airport, so we are use to seeing planes, but never seen anything like this. No plane can hoover, and if it was a helicopter, this orb was close enough to hear. they were close enough that I could get pics on my digital camera. Last week I counted 7 of them straight in line hoovering behind my cabin and they all disappear at the same time. Everytime we see them, they stay for a couple of hours, when I start taking pics or looking thru IR night vision, it will fade away, but come back slowly. But for the last week, this one orb shows up at the same place at the same time. It will fade away then come back, sometimes it gets even brighter when it comes back, but I assume its because its getting closer. It moves and disappers. I stopped my neighbor tonight and told him what we have been seeing, and pointed it out to him. He said " he knew, him and his girlfriend have been watching it too the last few nights". 2 weeks ago my son said" he felt a vibration that felt like it was going thru his chest, then a loud humming. It was so bad he had to cover his ears". He said" he was screaming my name, I was right next to him, but I wouldnt wake up. My ex-husband lives 7 miles from us, two days after this humming he also heard a humming that made his head hurt. We had not discused this at all till a week later and found out they both experinced the same feeling and humming. When we looked thru the IR night vision, (this happened to me and my son) a light got real bright in the lense, and my son and I got headaches and sick on our stomachs. When I walk outside now, I have a very uneasy feeling. I know this sounds weird, but I feel like Im always being watched, its just a creepy feeling. It show up every night!! IT just moves away slowly then fades away. Its been a clear night everynight, tonight its cloudy and the orb left early.
