{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-08 02:54:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506642","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52116","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3090,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/642/mufon-5506642.json","updb_database_id":5506642}
Initially noted moving target with Night vision and then noticed wobbling/spinning for total 15 mins circling part of city

I was on my balcony on 21st floor of my condo in downtown Vancouver. I usually skywatch with night vision devices anywhere from 1 to 4 hours an evening. This week in question was very quite, no moving targets until early in the morning approx 254 AM I noticed a moving object what seemed to be a large satellite in night vision. I scan the skies up and down north to south and east to west when I sighted this object, its my typical grid search., It was moving very slow from about 60-70 degrees above the horizon NE, it would stop and hover for a moment and continue. I then noticed this object was "wobbling" and closer inspection was actually spinning. I looked with naked eye and noticed it looked like a star and I then grabbed my binoculars after about 3-4 mins into the observation and noticed is was white and quite bright but fuzzy, colour almost very light blue. What startled me it had a hole in the middle, did not seem to be a tower or bubble, just a hole. I followed it for about 15 mins, video edited to about 6 mins on attached video.It circled the NE sky about 2 times and on the second turn it took a direct path NE or more easterly direction and speed increased. I lost view of it over other downtown buildings. I have noticed similar wobbling craft in the past, this seems very similar to another capture I have on my collection of videos. I tried to get feedback from a lot of people to no avail so figure its time to send to MUFON. I have captured many odd objects and UFOs downtown Vancouver and I see a major trend and most objects are head in one specific area of the lower mainland. I have a background in Astronomy as a hobby and own telescopes, 2 night vision monoculars and binoculars and I have never seen an object like this in my life except for the other sightings earlier in the year. Please let me know what I am filming.!! or if anyone else has seen something similar!! Thank you so much! It seems to be a classic disk shape UFO, so I am quite excited! attached video is edited for time and digitally zoomed in to see the craft clearer, the original but edited for time is here. [Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]
