{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481642","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78364","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4308,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/642/mufon-5481642.json","updb_database_id":5481642}
DREAMS, I'M HAVING THESE DREAMS

I need to tell someone about my dreams, I've told family. but I think they think I'm a little off or just imagining everything. Maybe I am, but it's these dreams, they keep coming and each one is different. Just telling you about it now makes me feel nervous and a little fearful. I have no idea why since I wasn't scared during the meetings. Except for a second of a feeling of fight or flight, I always said to them I am not afraid of you and the fear went away.

The dreams come and are most realistic when I'm under extreme distress. I'm a disabled vet and I have spinal arthritis, so I deal with a lot of pain. When it's at it's highest pain level that's when the dreams begin and I've been there a lot. One night I woke up to a 7 foot tall ultra black crystallized rock at the foot of my bed. It was at night, but the rock was darker than that and it had these inner lights that sparkled like facets in a diamond. 

The very next night in my dream I woke up and looked at the foot of my bed and saw a 3 foot tall little man looking at me. I wasn't scared of him and chose to dismiss it. I thought this is a dream and went back to sleep.

Two nights later I dreamed I watched 3 big wolves coming into my room. My first thought was what are they doing here and how did they get past the alarm system? Again there was that feeling of fight or flight and just as fast I chose not to fear them and the feeling went away. The larger one, I called the leader, jump onto my bed and got real close to my face. I raised a lot of dogs in my time, so I didn't feel any danger. The next thing I knew he grabbed me with his teeth around my neck and was shaken like a rag doll. My first thought was he's trying to kill me, then I was angry. I thought as many dogs as I have raised, how could they disrespect me like this and then I don't remember anything until I woke up that morning sitting up in the bed.

A week later I had a biopsy done on my neck at the VA hospital, because the doctor saw three large spots on my thyroid. One on one side and two on the other, the doctor expected the worst and told me it might be nothing, but it looks like cancer. The tests came back and they were benign. There was one more appearance, I dreamed I walked into my room and a 6 foot tall wolf was sitting in the dark waiting for me. I could see his outline, his fur was jet black and very shiny. I decided not to fear him and sat next to him on the bed, he didn't move, I touched his head and woke up in bed.

Now to last night, in my dream I was in this large room and there were many people around me of different ethnicities and ages. I seemed to be the center of attention, as I looked at them there was something different about their eyes. I can't say now, but it was a feeling. I said to them i wasn't afraid of them and as I liked at their eyes, they began to change, not a lot, but enough to be different. In my dream I could hear them talking to me, but their mouths wasn't moving. I can't remember what we talked about, but as we talked, I could feel they were more comfortable with me and revealed themselves more to me. They looked human, but their eyes were a bit off, human but different.

The only reason I'm filling out this form is that I have to tell someone about this, it's bothering me. When I woke up today I had a strong imprint of their eyes in my vision as if it was burned into my brain and I could still see their eyes very vividly. I never had this type of feeling in my life and for the first time, I feel nervous about it. I told my friend about it and I can only describe it as a dream in a dream. I'm a little confused about this last dream and I don't know why.
