{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490147","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69446","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7940,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/147/mufon-5490147.json","updb_database_id":5490147}
{rjl} Object appeared in Southwestern sky at dusk in Queen Creek AZ and moved slowly East glowing red then changed to orange then golden, rose and fell, silent and changed direction hesitated in front of us the ascended

In the summer of 2014, near 8 or 9 pm my husband and I noticed a red orb like object coming toward us from the western sky in Queen Creek AZ. The summer night was still somewhat lit from the setting sun and the color of the sky changed in gradient from a golden glow on the horizon to the deep purple of the night sky directly above as usually observed in the desert during the summer. We watched the object thinking it to be an airplane, but because of our location to Sky Harbor the plane was flying against normal traffic patterns. The object came closer to us flying silently,slowly and when approximately half a mile away, it ascended at a great speed straight up and vanished. My husband did not accept the idea of UFO's and I turned to him and said, "What do you make of that?" He said, "I can't explain it, but it wasn't an airplane." He was an engineer and extremely intelligent with interests in zero gravity and quantum physics. Nothing confused him when it occurred in our natural world because everything could be explained.

A few weeks later, we observed the same orb flying in from the same direction at the same speed. This event was more unusual than the last as a few airplanes crossed between the object and us and we thought surely the pilots might have seen something and slowed down or shown some sign of seeing it. The planes were small twin engines and flew the usual Southwestern to Northeastern pattern toward Sky Harbor with the same speed and direction. The object came within a small distance of the San Tan Mountains, low enough for the mountains to become the backdrop of the object. It was silent and as it approached we could see it change in color from a constant red glow to an amber, orange, and golden reflective ball. It hovered just to the West of the house in perfect view. My husband and I waited and it slowly moved so close to us that we began to feel fear that it would soon be over the house. This lasted about 5-7 minutes, it hovered for about 2 minutes and then returned to it's original course as if in reverse and then again flew away at an amazing speed. Not a few short minutes after, another plane flew over the house to Sky Harbor.

At the time the object appeared, I began having dreams. I have never had sleep paralysis nor have I had dreams of leaving my home and being taken anywhere. My first dream:

I woke up after having been asleep for a few short hours and noticed that the bedroom door was open and a bright light was glowing in the hallway. The light did not have a source because no shadows were being cast on the walls. Suddenly I became very aware of others in the bedroom, but I couldn't see them. My mind felt like it was being blocked from seeing anything but and image created for me to see. If I turned my head to look at other parts of the room, the image remained the same and other aspects were blocked, for example the bedside table or the lamp or clock. I could only see one image and it was the last thing I saw when I woke, the door to the bedroom and the light in the hall. I thought "Someone is in the bedroom. Someone is in here, but why can't I see them. I can hear them, I can sense them, but I can't see them." Then I thought as if speaking to them "I know you're in here, and I can't see you, but I know you're in here." I heard a clicking sound in the background next to my head. Then my mind is blank of any memories except my waking and wanting to wake up my husband. "Wake up, wake up!" I was trying to wake up my husband and couldn't. Then I thought.... "Oh my God. Don't wake him up. He will go crazy if he wakes up now and sees where we are!" As I came to I was shouting, "Why are you hurting us? Why are you doing this?" And a reply came, "What are we doing to hurt you? We are not hurting you." The voice was feminine and very sweet, almost motherly. She was talking with others and when finished approached a control panel at a console. We were lying on two tables with no legs, and covered in a white material in a room with perfectly smooth walls- curved and white. On the opposite side was a large oblong window in which I could see the stars. I saw the deep purple background with tiny dots of white and knew we were in space. The walls and all edges were perfectly smooth and lit from a source of light I could not see. The entity that spoke to me stood and then I noticed she was wearing a beautiful gown, but not made of material, it was like liquid and changed form and color as she moved. Her head was shaped like a humans, but indented heavily on top inward. Her skin was pale white and her arms and legs were very long. She moved so fluidly, with such grace and her eyes were big and black and shaped like ovals. She moved toward another entity, but this one was male, shorter with shorter limbs and much less responsible or inferior to her. He had on a blue gown that too changed form and color. His skin color was the same as hers, but his head was much larger and the back of his skull much more pronounced. Then I realized I could speak to her telepathically, so I literally rose out of my body and moved closer to her asking what it was she was doing. This startled her and I was immediately returned to my bedroom and lying in my bed. A few days later I walked into my office and heard a clicking sound that stopped my in my tracks. I asked my coworker if she were typing and she replied she was so I continued to my desk still shaken from the experience.

Weeks later, I felt them again, only this time I decided to just go back to sleep and not acknowledge what was about to happen.

Several weeks after that, I awoke and the bedroom wall was missing, I could see outside. I saw everything in the side yard and it was illuminated by the moon in the west. I saw a large whirlwind spinning just outside, but it was silent. It looked like black clouds spinning clockwise and the clouds were moving in and out of the object. Then I fell back asleep. 

After telling my husband about the experiences, he demanded that I wake him up when these things were happening. One night not soon after, I felt a vibration like electricity and woke up to a being, very tall and like the female I had seen in my dream before coming through the bedroom wall. I immediately started tapping on my husbands shoulder to wake him up and when he asked what was wrong I told him it was happening again. I asked if he had seen anything and he said he hadn't because he had just fallen asleep. 

Since then, my husband became ill with pancreatic cancer, and passed away this spring. My oldest son called this not soon after and told me that he was watching a red orb flying over his house. I hadn't told him about my experience, but told him to watch it and he should be okay, nothing to worry about. I thought that the events in our home would not continue because I moved to a new house in another state. However, the other night I woke and could not move because again I felt the electricity around me that kept me from moving. My dog barks all of the time at the same door in the house at night... will this ever end?
