{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-07-30 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547147","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"18442","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3692,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/147/mufon-5547147.json","updb_database_id":5547147}
Murrysville: Bright Red Light whizzed fast horizonally across window

MURRYSVILLE: June 30, 2009, sighting between 11:00 - 11:05 pm

I was in Murrysville at my sister's house (I live in Montrose, Colorado) visiting. Even though she was at her river house, I decided to stay at her house in Murrysville because my lunch date the following day was close to it.

My 14 year old daughter and I decided to sleep in her great room on her L-shaped couch because she was hoping to see a UFO like her aunt had been talking about.

It was approx. 10:45 when we both were talking about which window my sister had been seeing the most UFOs from. It was the front one that's 25 feet alpine style wall of windows facing the valley. So my daughter propped up the pillows and was staring out the window (with disbelief that UFOs actually fly by this house). The cat jumped up next to her, and as it was petting it, the cat excited jump down and ran around the living room smacking into the bird cage. As that was happening, my daughter sat straight up and yelled, "WAAAAAA! What the HECK was THAT!" "Mom, did you SEE THAT!!" I was facing the wrong direction so didn't get to see it.

"Mom, I don't KNOW what that was! It was a big BRIGHT ORANGE-ISH/RED LIGHT that just shot across the sky" She indicated from right to left, horizonally, which would be W to E or ENE approx. above the treeline. She could not tell the shape, however, because of the high rate of speed it zipped across, appearing like a streak the size of a golf ball, held at arm's length.

She said, "Mom, did you HEAR it?" and I said, "What, did it make a noise?" 
And she said, "YEAH! It sounded kinda like when someone shoots a firework with a whizzing sound".
But it must have been not that loud because I couldn't hear it above laughing at the cat's antics.
(Her young ears are better than my 40 year old ones, though). When my sister played back her IR Daytime UFO video June 13, 2009, with the sound (on Youtube channel: seeingUFOsPA), she said that WAS THE EXACT SOUND IT MADE.

Then, she said, "Mom, it was the coolest thing...It HAD to have been a UFO! You got to stay up with me because I'm sure another one is going to fly by soon. I just know it will!"

She sat there with such excitement, like she had just drunk 3 energy drinks waiting for it to happen again, but it never came back and we fell asleep.

When we told my sister the next day, she hugged and told my daughter, "Welcome to the UFO seer's CLUB!" She's estatic that someone else outside the immediate family was witness to a sighting.

She's afraid people will think she's a kook and doesn't want to tell anyone about it.
I have to admit, that before this, I had reservations about all the sightings my sister had told me about, not because she makes things up, but because I seemed so unbelievable that so many could be seen in one area. I haven't seen any yet in Colorado, although your site lists several reports. I'm so jealous that I didn't get to see it.  I will definately start looking at the skies with more regularity now.
