{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483147","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76789","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2896,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/147/mufon-5483147.json","updb_database_id":5483147}
Called by my wife I rushed outside with binoculars and couldn't believe what I saw, there appeared to be scores of thse objects,perhaps hundreds all over the sky, all lit up from south east and west also overhead.

I was sitting at my computer and at the same time my wife took a stroll out on the sundeck and thats when she called me to tell me UFO UFO, I replied
really, its probably just a star.. but she shouted louder UFO.. so I said
skeptically okay okay Im coming. When I looked up my jaw dropped as I was seeing somwthing in the sky that was totally unexplainable... I was a Flight
Service Station Specialist... also a Meteorological Technician so I can
differentiate the familiar from the unfamiliar. When I looked with my naked eye looked like a glowing wing with lights atop another larger glowing wing
(the wings pointed at each other. The lower wing appeared to have a small
lighted fuselage from the middle. These things were ALL OVER THE SKY. i
TURNED MY BINOCULARS TO LOOK AT OTHERS MANY WERE TOTALLY DIFFERENT-
Instead of the winged shapes I now saw a Very large dome filled with lights
that were non pulsating and just below the dome a round ball also filled with lights... thru binoculars they were very bright and not pulsating...the object was stationary.... The sky was filled with them. occasionally when I was looking at one it would disappear and then reappear. 

Conclusion: All of the objects appeared to be stationary, all were lit up.
,
There was no apparent motion nor any sound... Occasionally an aircraft would fly by with blinking lights (my wife would comment at this point why doesnt the pilot see them)? A few stars were out also but quite a few high
clouds... these things because their were so many of them may have been below clouds.
I dont usually get excited about anything I see in the sky because Im
quite familiar with aircraft, balloons, meteorites, ball lightning and quirky
weather phenomenon but I have no explanantion for what my wife and I saw this evening.
Did not lose sight of the object... they may still be out there as im typing.,and yes they are  if they are stars then they have changed shape with many lights around them....
