{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-01 22:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508147","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50354","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3405,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/147/mufon-5508147.json","updb_database_id":5508147}
{cak} Witnessed by three people was shocking to us red lights not plane goes across sky.

1. I was at a friends house and me and a few friends were sitting on top of some hay bails looking at the sky. ( I live out in the country part of Ohio so a lot of corn and bean fields around us as well.
2. A friend pointe it out because they didn't know what it was and we all had then looked at it as well noticing it. And it was out of the ordinary for around here so we were kinda shocked in a way because we had noticed it and was something we never would expect to see.
3. At first before I even looked at it I said its probably just a plane then I looked and it was clearly not a plane at all. At second glance I seemed to think it was a bit orb shaped so round and wasnt normal again.
4. The object seemed to possibly be pretty big not for sure though because I couldnt tell completely. The object seemed to have red lights that seemed glowing but giving off a good amount of light as it were some kind of exterior lights of some sort. The action of the lights were a bit strange because we were sitting on the hay bails and it seemed like they may have been rising up/ hovering up then a little toward us then they both changed directions at the same time. They also stayed nice and lighten up and sorta bright for about a minute and a half then went out then came back on for a few seconds then finally disappeared as if they were going higher and into/ over or out above the clouds where we couldnt see. The motion of it seemed to be coming north then suddenly changed to going north west real quick also note there was no wind tonight.
5. My feeling was shocked because I had a few months before witnessed another thing/ possible UFO sitting I didn't report. So I was a bit shocked in thinking maybe I witnessed another and felt the need to share. My immediate reaction of seeing it was to video it which I did and have some OK video of it. My action after word was talking to my friends about it as we watched the sky for anything else and then when I got home I decided I would report it because it really seemed strange to me and out of the ordinary. During the sighting I kinda felt like wow is that possibly what we all think it is and we all agreed of it being possibly a UFO and they told me to record it. After the sitting i got some goose bumps thinking about it while we all talked about it we all got them because we talked about what tv shows had said happen after the sightings and or what seemed out of the ordinary. 
6. We had lost sight of the object by the light going out either by going into/ up and over the clouds or higher to where we couldnt see so the light sorta faded into the clouds and disappeared and we waited awhile to see if anything came out of the clouds but we didn't see anything.
