{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-19 14:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482147","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77821","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3035,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/147/mufon-5482147.json","updb_database_id":5482147}
{rjl} A reddish brown tube shape, rounded on ends with the shape and proportions of a hotdog. About 15 or so feet long about three feet around with four, offset feet of angular shape. Swimming through the air like an eel.

My husband and I were driving west on Vietnam Veteran's Parkway in Sumner County, just at the northern part of Hendersonville, TN. At a little past two in the afternoon. Tuesday, July 19, 2016. My husband is driving, talking on the phone with his brother and I see something above the roadway some distance ahead of us that is a pretty decent size and seems to be moving our way. We were driving about 55 MPH and as a second or two past I began to think this was one of those longish government drones or something. I thought, "I am going to get to see one of these drones up close" because it was coming pretty low and over our lane, but it seemed to be moving a bit erratically in its flight path. Once it got within about 4 or 5 car lengths in front of us, I could see it clearly and saw no wings, no anything, just a smooth dull reddish brown color, hotdog shaped thing, four offset feet things, and the craft/creature was making a smooth swimming motion, like an eel. I noticed that it wasn't an even motion, like it was a live thing. It looked about 15 feet long and about 3 feet in diameter. I am so shocked that I finally holler "What the Hell!". My husband takes the phone from his ear and says What? What? I jerk myself around in the seat so I can see this thing out the back window, as it has just passed over the car. It has risen up in altitude, has turned off the roadway to the south, southeast, maybe 50 to 75 feet up and is entering a puffy cloud. I could still clearly see the feet as it entered the cloud. It seemed to be gently entering the cloud and when it was about two thirds into the cloud, I quickly looked at the couple of cars behind us to see if any were swerving or anything, but didn't see any indication they saw too. I turned to my husband and said, "I think I just saw a UFO". Then I said, "I think what I saw was a living creature". As soon as I got to a piece of paper I drew what I saw. I just want to know if anybody else has seen anything like this. I wish I hadn't seen this. I have been sick to my stomach ever since, knowing something like this is out there.
