{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-05 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530147","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25338","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2533,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/147/mufon-5530147.json","updb_database_id":5530147}
Orange ball steaks overhead on a clear NY night.

I was sitting in my backyard in Poughquag NY on Sunday night (09/05/10)with my wife and two friends enjoying the crstal clear night around a campfire. I had just commented on how incredibly clear the night was as I continued to gaze up into the sky and soon after I saw an orange ball with a "comet like" tail zip through the sky above the tree tops. It happened very fast maybe 2 seconds, I jumped out of my seat and ran accross the yard in an effort to follow the light as it disappeared at the tree line.

It was gone in an instant, as I came back to the fire I said "Did you see that?" to my wife and friends, but they had their backs to it at the time. I described what I saw with excitement, a glowing orange luminescent ball, but they missed it. About a half hour later I asked "You did see me get up and run accross the yard right?" as I was beginning to doubt myself. They did, they saw me jump up and take off but that was all they saw. 

I knew I saw something amazing and I decided a few days later to see if anyone else had seen the same thing. I searched google for "Orange ball in NY sky" and was shocked to find several similar sightings on Sightings.com on the same night as close as 25 miles away at right around the same time.One in Kingston at 9:00 described several orange balls of light in the sky, sounds just like what I saw several minutes later coming from the direction of Kinston, NY. The difference was I only saw one object and it was hurling through the sky.There was all kinds of air traffic in the sky that night and the speed of this thing put the jets heading into Stewart airport to shame, 30-40 times the speed of those.

Yet another search of Google found reports and videos from all over the globe of similar orange balls of light in the sky. Crazy!, but I don't expect we will be hearing anything about this on the evening news anytime soon.
