{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-14 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526147","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29559","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2780,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/147/mufon-5526147.json","updb_database_id":5526147}
Bright star like object moves and fades out

I recently set up an outdoor area in my backyard and have been relaxing there in the evenings for several weeks. Approximately 1 1 weeks ago I observed a bright light suddenly appear in the northern sky, approximately 40 degrees above the horizon. It appeared to be moving in a Northerly direction (away from me) at the speed of a conventional aircraft. There were no strobes or directional lights visible. As I watched, the light faded to black over the period of several seconds. This occluded around 9:00 PM and I assumed that it might have been a satellite or space debris passing momentarily into sunlight.
Approximately four days later, I experienced the same phenomenon at approximately the same time. I watched carefully and confirmed there was only one single light, moving away from me. When the light initially appeared, it was the brightest light in the sky, reminding me of Venus. Again, it faded quickly from sight and the entire event lasted 5-6 seconds. This second sighting convinced me that it was probably some of metallic object in orbit.
On this evening, (6-14-2011) I was enjoying a warm evening, again looking at the North sky. It was approximately 11:30 PM. The stars were somewhat faint and I could only really see the North Star and the front two stars of the Big Dipper. All of a sudden, I saw the bright light appear again. This time it was slightly higher in the sky well off to the right of the North Star, and it was traveling east. Just as the prior two incidence, it faded as it moved becoming invisible after about five seconds. As before I looked for any sign that it was an aircraft but saw none. I watched for about 15 minutes after it disappeared to see if it would reemerge, but it did not. In all three cases, I never heard any aircraft.
For investigative purposes, I would like to mention that Beale AFB is approximately 30 miles north of my location. I am also very familiar with aircraft going in and out of McClellan Airpark and the Sacramento International Airport, both less than 10 miles to my west. These three incidents did not look anything like conventional aircraft that I am use to seeing.
