{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-08-22 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548147","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"12172","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2463,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/147/mufon-5548147.json","updb_database_id":5548147}
silent white light ,variable speeds

Me and two freinds were leaving another freinds house at around 3am, as i waited outside for for them i glanced up at the sky, it was a fairly clear night and i was looking at the stars when i noticed what appeared to be a star with a slight wobble. As we started walking home i asked my freinds if they thought that anything was strange about the star and it now appeared to be shaking quite vigourously. As we watched we realised that it was much too close to be a star and was a bright white light, it stopped shaking and seemed to be coming in our direction. It now seemed to slow down and moved like a balloon in a slight breeze bobbing gently around. It remained completly silent and though it is difficult to judge the distance accuratly it seemed to be very close maybe 200 metres away when it stopped dead still and remained still for approx 30 secs no real shape could be made out it just looked like a star.I was still wondering what it was and one of my freinds became nervous and suggested we head for home when it began to slowly move off to our right. It appeared to be gently bobbing around as it did so it then stopped perfectly still and remained still for approx 10 secounds. It then moved off again but it seemed surreal because it did not seem to accelerate but went from dead still to moving at a fairly quick constant pace in an instant. It was not bobbing now but moving in a straight line. As it got further away though still clearly visable it stopped still for a few secounds and what looked like a white light/beam shot out of the bottom left side of the object causing a small white flash in the sky a short distance from the object. The object then moved off and upward at a very fast speed and was gone from sight in a few secounds all three of us where amazed by what we saw and the object made no sound at all.
