{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-30 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475539","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84746","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3343,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/539/mufon-5475539.json","updb_database_id":5475539}
{nd} flew like a drone type but it was not. It glowed neon green and moved in a very odd way. Then suddenly saw a large version or the green still about 15 feet up from the ground much larger staring at me

It was evening and my daughter and I were coming home from the store. We decided to take a drive so we headed out to the sanoran desert national park. It was totally dark but I had my bright lights in as the road Has very sharp turns and hills. We were only in the park area for a few minutes when we both noticed a strange neon green thing flying low about level with a large truck. At first I though it may have been a drone but it was pitch black out and in the middle of the desert! We didn't see how anyone could possibly be controlling a drone and saw no other lights. It moved in a very strange way. It was as if we were looking at a flying orb visable to the naked eye. 
I was driving and couldn't stop. 
About 10 feet after we passed this UFO type thing I looked to my left and out of nowhere was this huge neon green glowing balloon shape type thing! I slowed my car way down to catch a good look and it didn't move! It's was about 15 up from the ground or so. The lining of it was totally neon and faded to a pale green toward the inside. The bottom part of this balloon shaped object was dark in color. Almost black. It was larger than a mans head. There was a slight breeze outside but this object did not move!!! 
I kept driving as my daughter and I were both trying to figure out what the heck we had just seen! 
We continued to drive and turned around all the way at the desert museum. We didn't see anything the rest of the drive until we had turned around and were back in that area. 
We didn't see anything flying but instead we saw 2 more of the weird glowing neon green things. One on each side of the road but they were set back and low to the ground. 
My daughter and I were pretty freaked out at this point and decided to drive by another time. So we did and they just sat still. Glowing neon green. I felt very nervous and anxious at the same time. I stepped on my gas and got the heck out of there! I tried to capture a clear picture but was unable to capture a clear one because it was so dark and I was driving. The blurry thing toward the bottom of the photo is of the green thing. It looks nothing like what we saw. But it's all I've got. I will never forget that image of the green thing staring right at us on the side of the car! It was RIGHT BY US! 
We drove to that area again this evening just to see if we might see it again but we saw nothing but we both had a very uncomfortable feeling while in that area.
