{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-29 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492539","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66999","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2806,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/539/mufon-5492539.json","updb_database_id":5492539}
{rjl} Witnessed two objects ascend from a field at dusk. No sound, vertical take-off.

I would like to begin by restating my desire remain anonymous. In May 2013 (on or about the 30th) my wife and I were traveling south on Highway 84 near the Colorado /New Mexico boarder on our way to TX. Approximately 20 minutes after sunset behind the mountains, yet while there was still enough light to see beyond the reach of headlights we were passing an open sage brush field to the east, we both noticed two large, chevron shaped objects rise up out of the ground. Both objects were silent in their operation and had lights illuminating downward from each leading point and at the end of each wing. 

I would estimate our speed of travel as approximately 70 mph and were traveling in a large 3/4 ton truck, giving us an elevated view of the roadway and surrounding terrain. The objects were not initially visible but seemed to rise either off of or out of the ground as we approached their location near the highway. Highway 84 is very rural and there were not any other vehicles in the area at the time. I slowed slightly, and regrettably was somewhat in disbelief as to what we were both witnessing. As we slowed we were climbing a rise in the highway which curved toward the top. Given the geography of the area we quickly lost visual on the objects. My wife and I were both at a loss for words and were struggling to comprehend what we both just witnessed. 

My wife and I are both very well educated professionals in our community. I am trained to be observant to detail. I am familiar with and have more than a cursory knowledge of most military and commercial aircraft - these were neither; although I will concede they could possibly have been very large, silent, vertical take-off type drone that may not yet have been made public. That being said, I would have no explanation as to their presence in the field that evening. 

I had traveled through the area previous to our encounter and have been through twice since - on both occasions I pulled to the side of the road near where we witnessed the objects, attempting to simply male sense of what we observed, but have been unable to do so.
