{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-19 21:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526539","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29146","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3361,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/539/mufon-5526539.json","updb_database_id":5526539}
saw oval shaped object and fireball type object

As you know I reported many sightings over the years. With the increase in crime and violence I have not been out at night very much over the past 2 years. Otherwise I saw and filmed white lights and other anomolies like umbrella shaped objects in my area. Since 1986 I saw strange white lights mysteriously appear then hover for minutes then just disappear without moving. These lights appear then disappear from dusk until around 9:30 PM. MUFON of O.C. investigated these lights with me for 3 days in around 1996. The lights went into MUFON's records as "unknown" of course meaning UFO. I already submitted my 1-hour DVD I filmed to MUFON HQs.

Tonight I saw from IHOP restaurant an oval disk about 40 feet in diameter hovering about 200 feet from me at about 55 feet high. It was vague, because it was dark, but at times it showed 3 white flashing lights on its left side. By the time I opened the restaurant door calling my friend who worked there to look it was gone. At the same time I saw this I saw a small white object appear from nowhere to my left, and slowly moving to my right (north to south). It stopped and as it spinned it hovered for about a minute and a half. It was about a 1/2" in diameter. Both objects disappeared by the time I tried calling my friend in the restaurant, and when I looked again.

After watching a number of DVD documentaries on the subject it seems that only opinions are made about it, and nothing is being done. Millions have reported sightings, and the government keeps their sightings and other obtained information top secret to the most part of to what is possible that even the government is not taking any affirmative action, as to what the objects are; where they come from or the reputable harm they can have. It is like information from evidence is stored by the government, but action for the people's safety is completely ignored.

Years ago I suggested that one of the objects I have seen and filmed should somehow be captured for study, so we know what we are better dealing with. My idea was to fly a net over one using remote controlled helicopters, and bring it down. If this concept is ridicules then there must be some other way. Shouldn't the government be interested by now to know what we the people are dealing with besides just gathering information? Area 51 seems to be the only facility in the world that is associated with UFO technology. And I understand it is not government related. And as far as it being involved with aliens is heresay. Also, I got drift of a possible intergalatic war. Personally I do not believe our weaponry compares to advanced alien weaponry. Why cannot MUFON come forward and take a big step in dealing with the matter?
