{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-09 10:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506539","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52231","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2676,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/539/mufon-5506539.json","updb_database_id":5506539}
{kt}Observed nearly clear orb fly approx. 20-30 in front of me at a very slow speed.

On Saturday morning I was on my back deck after letting my dog out to relieve itself. The sun was out and at it the wind was breezy/gusty. I was having a smoke and looking at my next door neighbors roof when my eye caught movement just to the left of where I was looking. I looked directly at the object and it was coming from the west towards the east between our houses and traveled at a slow walking speed. The height above ground was less than 30 and I was standing on my deck which is 3-4 above ground. The object traveled from west to east and then gently turned (about a 20 radius)north until I was no longer able to see it. It was simply too difficult to follow because it blended so well. During the time I observed this object, it made no sound and did not change elevation and its slow speed was constant. I had a perfect view of this thing for about 20 seconds under ideal viewing conditions.
From the time I first noticed the object, I can only describe it as a perfectly round distortion, about 10-12" in diameter that was traveling very slowly. The tree branches and other items behind the object did not match up perfectly while looking through the object. I studied it intently trying to understand what exactly I was looking at. One of my first thoughts was "this thing doesnt want to be seen". It was very difficult to follow the object even while it was traveling at such a slow speed of probably about 4 per second. Just after the object passed me, I noticed that the object then began to "flutter" faint white flashes inside the object that were retained inside the ball like object. The fluttering was not uniform as in the whole object did not pulse or glow. The fluttering looked like a large almost transparent butterfly with faint white wing edges that had too much material that flowed and was flapping very fast inside the ball. 
My background is in mechanical engineering and I have never seen anything that has perplexed or shook me more than seeing this object.
