{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-05-14 01:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471539","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88928","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3622,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/539/mufon-5471539.json","updb_database_id":5471539}
{rjl} Pastel peach colored gaseous cloud came through glass window panes with wood frame. Cloud moved along my top bunk and ascended to metal bracket atop post.

I was a medic in the US Army (age 22 and a college graduate) at Valley Forge Army Hospital in Phoenixville, PA. I had gone to bed after all the 2nd shift medics finished their shifts and went to sleep. I was wide awake because I had worked the third shift the night before and slept during the night and late into the afternoon. I was lying on the top bunk when I noticed movement towards the foot end of the bunk. When I first noticed the object I didn't know what it was but it was able to move through a solid object, the window panes and the wooden frames. The pastel peach colored gaseous cloud that I observed moved through the window and along the left side of my bunk where it started to ascend to the top of the post which supported the ceiling in the bunk area. I believe there was a metal bracket at the top of the post. It started to coalesce into an object that was about 18 inches to 2 feet in length and 9 to 10 inches in height. At the 4 corners the object sloped at a 45 degree angle and the ends were about 3 inches high and perpendicular to the top and bottom. The upper and lower halves of the object seemed to have 6 or 7 coal black window looking objects and the body of the object started to glow like a hot coal. It gave off an orange light that lit up the bunk area. Then it seemed to pulsate as though it was making observations of its surroundings. After a few minutes the object seemed to cool down like a coal that was burning out. Then it collapsed in upon itself, in an instant, disappearing entirely from sight. During the encounter there was no sound at all. While this was happening I was frightened because I didn't know what was happening. I could not explain how this object materialized and dematerialized right in front of my eyes. After a minute or so while the object was there I tried to whisper out to my fellow medics so they could observe what I was seeing. They were all sound asleep. The next morning I was sitting on my bunk after dressing for the day. A medic who just came off the 3rd shift asked me what was I so perplexed about. I explained what I saw and his jaw dropped. I then asked him what his look was about. He said on the third shift a medic came to the emergency room to get first aid for a burn he suffered from placing his hand on a doorknob at the end of one of the many hallways at the hospital. The next work shift I told my MD friend about my sighting. He laughed and said "what have you been smoking." I never took mind altering drugs of any kind. I saw what I saw and to this day I can't explain it. I never mention it to anyone because I would be looked upon as a mentally touched individual. I will be 70 years old in a few months and have a serious medical condition. I am writing this so that it is seen before I pass on and that it won't be lost forever. Thank you for your kind attention.
