{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488539","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71102","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4202,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/539/mufon-5488539.json","updb_database_id":5488539}
{jpg} observed plane/jet seemingly chasing smaller silvery object. jet was almost alongside of object that was approx half it's size. went inside got binoculars, when i returned the object seemed to be chasing jet, who seemed to be taking evasive action

I was in the kitchen and heard, kind of felt loud booms. asked my husband if he heard them, t.v. was on, he said he didn't. went out side and to the east, over the san jacinto mountains the sky had very high cloud formations that drifted toward the south and thinned out. the rest of the sky was very blue, bluest I've seen in long time. the clouds were all swirling around, the eastern thicker ones looked like waves and as they drifted south swirled around each other. it was really very beautiful, could still hear, feel booming sound. not quite as strong as sonic booms tho, couldn't tell where they were coming from. just stood out there watching the clouds which filled the sky from behind the mountains and up very high in the east. then I noticed a dark object chasing, or following a very bright object. squinted my eyes and then could see that the dark one was a plane or jet, could see the wings tail etc. against the white clouds. the other object I could see no detail of it's shape, I mean no wings, tail, it was sort of cylindrical like the fuselage of the jet but only about half as big. it was very bright tho, showed up clearly against the clouds. the jet was just about alongside of this object. I ran in the house and grabbed a pair of binoculars, I have two pair for bird and star watching. when I returned and found the jet and object again the object seemed to be chasing the jet. it was right on it's tail, the jet seemed to be trying to shake it, not major turns just kind of weaving left and right. this was to good so I went back inside to get my stronger binoculars. I knew that my phone and my digital camera would do no good, it was to far away and by the time I would be able to get one of them I would have lost the scene anyway. which did happen, when I returned I couldn't find them again. but I stayed out there and kept looking at the clouds. after a few minutes I saw the jet again, they had been heading south, coming from the east, now the jet was going back the way it had come. it was moving in a giant arc, kind of circling, and I lost sight as it went behind the huge trees next door. a few minutes later I saw another jet coming from the south going almost in the same flight path as the first jet. the rest of the day there helicopters going back and forth. I continued to watch the clouds off and on for a couple hours, hoping to see that thing in them somewhere. I did see a very long straight chem trail going into the clouds from very in the east and disappearing in the south. the swirling nature of the clouds was something I don't think I've ever seen, swirling around each other going straight up until they just disappeared. I could see how something could hide or disappear in them easily. the booms went on all day until you could feel them more than hear them. then that went down to just seeing water vibrate in the water cooler a couple times an hour. it was a very strange, cool day. I should have reported this that day, but I thought maybe that object was some kind of other plane. then today I saw another report on this sight from Moreno valley, which is about 6-7 miles north of here. that person, on the same day as me, saw a bright silvery object heading south and then saw 2 jets take off from march a.f.b heading in same direction. I would very much like to know just what was going on.
