{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-16 02:46:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525539","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30207","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2636,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/539/mufon-5525539.json","updb_database_id":5525539}
orange light w/ tiny lights below it moving silently then stops to hover

I was stepping outside (front door of house)to check something on my car and immediately saw a large orange light in the black sky. I was stunned! There was a normal star to the left of it about the same height. But this thing was at least 3 times bigger than the star. It was an orange light, and to its far left side we could see a "smoke trail" lingering from the bottom of the ground all the way up to its height. Yet this trail was not under the orange light itself, so I don't know if this orange light caused it at some point or not. 

I called my daughter to see this for herself, she ran out, we then both watched it together. Initially it was moving toward our house, but when my daughter joined it stopped moving and hovered silently at one spot. We could see 2 or three tiny little orange lights beneath it pulsating, then this also stopped.

We were commenting on the little lights, and while commenting and watching, we could clearly see how the large orange light began shrinking gradually, now taking on the size of the star to its left, and it continued shrinking, now becoming smaller than the star to its left, until it shrank to a single tiny point, whereof it disappeared from view, on the spot! We were commenting, "It must be cloaking itself."

I had the feeling it knew it was being observed, and that it then cloaked itself because it did not want to be seen. 

I did not feel any physical change happening in my body. We were not afraid, just utterly stunned at this blunt display of this vehicle's capabilities! 

We were also commenting on this technology: silently moving, displaying little lights behind/below it, stops moving and hovers, gradually shrinking, then become a tiny light and finally out of view... this is not a conventional craft, obviously.

I don't believe this craft has left because it wasn't traveling when it disappeared itself.

The entire episode lasted about 2-3 minutes, or so, maybe a minute more.

Stunning!
