{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-27 15:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493539","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65973","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4267,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/539/mufon-5493539.json","updb_database_id":5493539}
{dr}UFO travelling with a wall cloud during a severe storm in Clinton Township, MI.

I was at home in Clinton Township, MI on May 27, 2015 looking northwest into Macomb Township, MI. I was taking pictures of a severe storm in my area with my Nikon D3100 camera. This storm had a wall cloud and was also producing a funnel cloud at 3:35 pm EST. I took consecutive pictures of this wall cloud. After the storm passed, I looked at the pictures taken. I found after adding contrast and brightness to them, some had an unexplainable object that should not be there.
The object was a white pencil or tube shaped craft that was directly under and advancing with this wall cloud. It is near the top and middle of the wall cloud picture. The next picture of this object was harder to spot, but I found it in the top, right hand side and in with the white clouds. It held it's position in altitude (maybe advanced a bit upward at a point) and continued to fly from west to east with this storm. I have back to back pictures of this object doing this and there was only 40/100's (less than half of a second) between pictures, but the distance it covered was miles apart.

I then changed my view to look toward the west (almost due west). I started taking pictures of the wall cloud advancing from this direction. When I looked at the pictures from this position, I found this object (again) under this westerly portion of the wall cloud (underneath the power/phone lines). It was closer and lower in altitude.  The difference in time between pictures from the northwest and the west was less than 3 seconds.

I have included some pictures of this event. I have sent copies the original photos (not enhanced and enhanced). The copies of the originals are there to see as they appeared through the lens of my Nikon camera. During enhancements, I only added/reduced contrast, brightness, sharpness and cropped them to make the object appear easier to see. I didn't alter or add to any of these pictures other than what I said I enhanced. 
 
I have witnessed and photographed this kind of craft in the past and it always seems to be traveling with the severe weather (wall clouds to be exact).  
This is the third time in less than 3 years I have photographed these types of objects. Although I can't see them when I am shooting pictures, some of the pictures I've taken, clearly indicate that something is there and is persuing these intense storms. Last year it was a dark gray/black in color and the year before, it was a light gray. 

Thank you for taking the time to look at this object. I have these photos and others from the past if you would like to see them. Contact me if you would like more information on these past photos.
