{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-14 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503539","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55391","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2486,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/539/mufon-5503539.json","updb_database_id":5503539}
{nd} Cylider looking craft with four lights on the bottom glowing. It hoovered then took off so quick, I couldn't see it anymore.

As I left work and headed home at 7:15pm, I was on a long country road with an open view. I noticed something in the sky a head of me by about 500ft. But above the tree lines. It was cylinder shape and was light up in white lights. The base of it was white light and it had four lights on the bottom of it. As if I was directly under it. It was hoovering so I continued to drive towards it. At the time I was on the phone with my boyfriend telling him I was seeing something I could not explain. Even though I could not explain it, I knew what I was experiencing. As no cars were behind me, I pulled over and got out of my car. As I got my phone camera ready, the cylinder craft thing quickly took off to the right. As I turned my head to follow its direction, it was gone. I could not see any lights or indication it was there. My initial thought was, why am I not afraid? I am a religious woman and quickly said a prayer asking God why I was not scared. He gave me peace about it, knowing I saw something I could not identify. My second thought was..... the entire day at work I noticed all the Chem trails that were being poured out from planes, jets, ect. I try to keep an eye on that stuff as the Government likes to do things we are unaware of. This day, November 14th, 2013, many many Chem trails were being dropped from planes and these chem trails become a thick fog like cloud. My mind instantly went to, why? These clouds can make it hard to see if they are trying to hide something. Food for thought. Lastly, my main reason for subitting this info (months after my siting) is based off the new show, HANGAR 1. I just started catching up on episodes and made me realize I can talk about what I saw. I just need to have the right people listen. Thanks MUFON!
