{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-06-19 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284270","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119153","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3538,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/270/mufon-5284270.json","updb_database_id":5284270}
One was a visitor, one was an orb, and another visit

1981, I lived in Porter Indiana, close to Lake Michigan. Indiana Dunes National Lake Shore. I grew up there. I was having what I thought was a reoccurring dream about the windows of my room glowing and growing out until the entire wall looked like it was gone. Kinda like looking through water. One night I had this dream and in the morning I was in my bed facing the other way around, head to foot board, and my PJ pants are on backwards. I knew how uncomfortable those pants were, on backwards, and made sure they were right way round when I put them on, always. I thought it was weird but shrug it off. Again, I have the dream about the windows growing out, and the next thing I remember is seeing only what I can describe as a grey ballish, very much alive being. It was covered in something clear and slightly slimy. I felt as if it was being shown to me. I remember this so well because I couldn't figure out why I wasn't scared. Then I have this feeling of semi consciousness that I know I'm not dreaming. That morning I woke up and my bed had a clear slimy discharge. I hadn't peed in the bed. I was a 15 year old, Catholic virgin. This was from my vagina. I remembered the dream and I've never forgotten one detail about it since then. I did not tell my parents, because we were strict Catholic going people. I gave that up BTW. When I turn 17 my mom died from cancer. And I moved to Arizona for 1 year. During that time I did not have any experiences. I moved back to Indiana to a more southern part. Greene County Indiana. Bought 67 acres, and a 112-year-old farmhouse, with my then husband. It was during this time, 1990. Things started happening again. I didn't have the dreams of the windows growing outwards, but I was waking up in bed facing the wrong way or on the opposite side. One night I could not sleep and I was outside on the porch swing and in the woods of our land, I see a golden orb darting through the trees and I feel like I cannot take my eyes off of it. The next thing I knew it was 3:00 in the morning. I had gone out onto the swing at 11:00. I have no recollection of all that time passing. I lived on that property for 6 years and many times woke up the wrong way on the bed. I live in Brown County Indiana now and I have lived here for the last 20 years. 4 years ago, I had the dream about the windows growing outwards and this time I could see figures. I could see hands and legs and bodies silhouettes of heads but not a face and a light that made it hard to see. I then feel my hand coupled with another hand and this feeling of "I know you" this hand was smooth had no fingernails and seemed long cold. And again in my dreamlike state I thought why am I not afraid. But in the morning I was afraid. Because I knew it was real. Nothing has happened since then.
Thanks for letting me tell you. Ask me anything you want. No I don't want it to be public.
