{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491270","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68301","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7136,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/270/mufon-5491270.json","updb_database_id":5491270}
Suspected Implant, hence totally inappropriate questions for the most part

I sent Robert Upson the following report in an e-mail replying to his of the 9th July. I then found my reply was to a non-replyable source (which is annoying when there is no warning of this). In his e-mail Mr Upson directed me to the Report A UFO site, which is not really appropriate for implant issues, but since I got no reply to my report, I have cut and pasted it below.

My report lacks answers to odd points opposite left of this answer panel. Here are my replies to these:
1. I was working on my computer at a desk in an upstairs room when the object began emerging from my finger. I took photos of what was happening.
2. My attention was drawn to my finger when I noticed swelling and redness which wasn't there beforehand.
3. I was at a loss to interpret what was causing the event to happen.
5. I did not strongly react to the experience, largely because I am already a firm believer in such things. However, I'm the sort of person where things happen to others, not myself. So I was intrigued.
2. 4. 6. see in Report.
Since preparing the Report I have sketched the object. I have added this to the images appended.

Report follows:

Hi Robert,

I hope this e-mail from you is replyable, as it's better to respond here rather than go to the Report A UFO site. My case is not one of witnessing a UFO but of a suspected (presumed alien) implant.

I have been aware of the UFO phenomenon since the 1960s, being 67 years old. I have taken keen interest in it and am sure there is a cast-iron reality to the subject. I have never seen a UFO myself, and was taken aback to find that as an alternative to seeing a saucer in the sky I instead have been the carrier of what seems like an implant. I have no desire to seek attention, but solely to share the event in order to add it to the general pool of knowledge.

This is what has happened to me. One evening (either Oct.2010 or Oct.2013) when at my computer, one of the fingers on my right hand started swelling on the top surface between the first and second bone joints in front of the knuckle. There was no pain, but it was bulging and looked inflamed. I started paying attention to it, and what I saw was unusual. The swelling visibly increased and something started emerging from underneath the skin. It became fully visible. It was a curious speck with an unknown shape less than 2mm in size. Having tweezers and a x10 magnifier to hand (from my stamp collection), I looked at the small object while it was still on top of the finger wound. It looked like a small oblong with a spherical shape at one end, not symmetrical but to one side of the flat portion. I used the tweezers to lift it from the wound, which left a little blood, and put it on a sheet of paper. This made the shape more visible. I took photographs at the different stages with my Canon digital camera which I use in legal work for clients (3.5 mega-pixels). I stored the images - which are not best quality - on my computer, and am able to attach them herewith (file titles include 13.10.10).

After taking the photos of the small object, which on account of its shape looked manufactured, I carefully put it in a clear plastic wallet to protect it and keep it safe. I then looked around the internet for someone to report it to, as I wondered if it was an alien implant, having already been aware of such things. I did not succeed, people simply not bothering to reply. In passing, I had previously had a laugh about having an alien implant from an x-ray I have of my left collar bone after it snapped in a road accident in 1999, as there appears a small black speck in silhouette showing on my upper arm bone. I also have this on my computer, and attached here.

A few months later I looked again at the object which had emerged from under the skin of my finger, and was disappointed to find its shape appeared to have disintegrated, and there seemed little left apart from a number of residual specks. However, the other day I was startled to notice, when I looked at the wallet again, that the object seems to have reappeared in a definite coherent form. I got out my x10 magnifier again and examined it. To my surprise I have been looking at a symmetrical 6-sided flat figure (a bit like a kite shape) with a round hole in its lower part, and a small amount of outgrowth attached to it next to this hole. At the top corners of the hexagon are barbs, different sizes, which look like thorns. I have taken two new pictures - but again, not good - the object remaining in the wallet. I attach these herewith, but they don't show the detail.

I am at a loss to explain or rationalise what this object is. There are issues in my life (including intense emotions) which may have a bearing on alien contact, but I really don't know. I am a spiritual person, and I underwent hypnotic regression in 1992 in connection with past-life recall (with positive results). My finger wound has fully healed without no scarring. One other thing is that I have had a 7mm square pattern impression on the skin of my right hand (lighter coloured than the surrounding skin), adjacent to the base of the thumb, with a darkish spot at one corner.

Feel free to respond as you see fit. If I can retrieve the initial photos form the police here I will be able to submit them: they show the flat square with the bobble at one end.

Best regards,

[Name removed/cms/tg]
UK
