{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-06-01 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490270","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69322","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3123,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/270/mufon-5490270.json","updb_database_id":5490270}
{cak} Maybe sphere. Hard to tell, but it spun in a consistent circular motion while hovering.

I was at a house warming party on top of a mountainous ridge in rural TN. The view was tremendous. In the front lawn, it seemed like you could see forever in any direction due to the home being built on the highest local point. At approximately 10pm, I was admiring the view and looking up at the stars. I remember thinking how clear the sky was, and how that must be related to having no street lights in the area. I saw what I first thought to be a shooting star, as it appeared to be coming from....I don't know...the Cosmos??? But it had to have been way way out into the depths of the abyss. I can remember how quickly it went from the size of a star to more like a nickel or quarter. It traveled in a direction that was toward the home, as if it were a meteor that would strike us. I actually flinched due to the speed at which it traveled. Just as I started to flinch, it stopped and hovered perfectly still for what seemed like an eternity. In reality, however, it hovered for probably 8-10 seconds. I watched this thing appear to rotate silently. As it rotated, it pulsed blue, red and green in sequence. I saw that sequence at least 2-3 times. Bare in mind, I'm looking upward... it then traveled from my 2 o'clock view to about 8 or 9 o'clock view so fast that my eyes could not fallow. I can only say that I saw it pass in my field of vision. Sure, I tried to track it with eye/head movement, but it's was faster than my eyes could move. It did not accelerate. It went from hovering to full speed, INSTANTLY. I began to shout at the other guests at this time and ask if anyone else had seen this, and only one other gentleman had. I don't know his name. He was slim, dark-haired and about 20 yrs old. Within about 2 mins, 2 darkly lit fighter jets came over and were heading in that direction. They were LOW and FAST. I could hear the engines screaming and I know they had those things wide open....had to because it "boomed" when they came over. Within the next 2-3 mins, I saw a total of 4 more jets, 2 large 4 engine planes (like a c-130 maybe?) and finally 2 helicopters. Now it was dark, so I'll give you that....but these things did not look like the planes I normally see. These were all darkly painted. Had to be gray or black. Some appeared to have no lights on. But they were all headed in the same direction as the "thing" I saw. I remember thinking "they will never be able to catch that thing".
