{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-19 03:49:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516270","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41858","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2468,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/270/mufon-5516270.json","updb_database_id":5516270}
{dr}hovering in one place, thought it was a star until i realized its overcast, theres light pollution from the strip, and its flashing different colored lights.

im outside in my backyard, having a cigarette, and noticed what i thought was a star but realized its overcast and there is too much light pollution to see any stars, then i realized that it was changing shape and pulsating different colored lights, then i noticed other very quick flashes of light, extremely bright zooming into it and being consumed by it. I live by the airport and i know what helicopters and airplanes look like and this isnt it. after 40 minutes normally even stars or a planet will be in a different position but this is still in the same EXACT place. And even with the sun almost rising its getting brighter rather than duller. it seems to be on a horizontal slant with the lights rotating around it but then will balance itself out and pulsate an EXTREMELY bright white light. little bit of lights seem to be coming in and out of it, but they are too quick to really pinpoint a destination but are coming out of and into it from all directions. Its very far away, but VERY VERY bright. now its moving from side to side on a horizontal slant and just zig zagged, ive never seen anything do that before.now its spinning like a top and is less bright. moving in a circle in the same horizontal slant. it keeps scooping lower and lower. (sorry, im relaying all this as im watching it in real time) now im just waiting to see if and how it reacts when the planes start coming in, it appears to be coming closer, because its getting bigger in size. its split into two separate lights now. wow. they just blinked a bright flash of teal-ish light and disappeared. just ran across my backyard for a better view and i cant see them anymore. wow. finally after over an hour they are gone. hope this helps.
