{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-14 17:07:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482270","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77695","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3107,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/270/mufon-5482270.json","updb_database_id":5482270}
{cak} Saw 5 objects in the sky, thought they were 5 party balloons but as they came closer they became more like stars

I was driving back from the store shortly after 5 pm when I noticed 5 objects in the sky and thought they were party balloons. They were all silver and I swore I saw some string hanging down from one of them. When I got home I looked up at them because they looked like they were going to fly over my house and I love balloons. When I looked for them I noticed 5 white lights instead of balloons. They appeared to be much higher. I didn't see the change because I was driving. They seem to almost twinkle like a star. They appeared to stay in one spot for 3-4 min and there was one that seemed to move independently of the others. First it was to the right of the other 4 then it moved closer, meanwhile the other 4 stayed together. During this time a single plane, could have been a private jet flew past them. The plane was on my side like it flew between the lights and myself.  The 5 lights then started moving, like they were drifting on the wind, sort of like balloons. It was a typical sunny Arizona day with little to no wind, no clouds. The objects then moved towards the east(ish) and seemed to stop again. I'm not sure how long they were there since I wasn't pay attention to the time. One seemed to move more than the other four and would get closer and farther from them. At one point it almost looked like 3 of them, which tended to stay together went behind a cloud because they got dim and disappeared, and then came back. I couldn't see any clouds however. Then the other two would be gone and came back. It was instantaneous like a light turn off. They always came back in the same location. Finally there were only 2 left, they would disappear for a second or two and show back up and then finally were just gone. They really did look like stars. It may have been the sun reflecting off balloons but it definitely struck me as odd. I wasn't scared I just thought huh, I wonder if anyone else saw that. I took a picture with my phone and a video but you can't see anything, and I can't upload my pictures because there is something screwy with my phone not connecting to the computer. Sorry, it sounds like an excuse but it is true. I do still have them on my phone, but all you see is clear blue sky. If there is an email address I can send them to you that way. 
It may very well have been balloons but I wasn't sure if anyone else had reported anything strange. 
Thanks.
