{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286616","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116766","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3249,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/616/mufon-5286616.json","updb_database_id":5286616}
Sun at night coming Towards Me and my doggie

I grew up in Southern Tx , I am 46 Years old and I am Latina. I remember the evening was beautiful and the sky was clear as day . The stars looked beautiful and bright. I always played by myself even though my cousins lived next door. I can recall it was around 6pm and I see my older sister come out and tel me it’s time to come in but since the night was beautiful , I asked “ can we stay out for a little longer”? So she pulled down the door of Dads pickup truck and we sat and laid back to look up at the stars. I will say it seems like out of nowhere,I say looook sister! What is that ?! I remember it being round and with green,red, yellow .! As soon as my sister saw this too she grabbed my arm and we went in the house. Well a week after that We both had the same scare on our ankles. But for me , I would hear voice and started to see small nomes fairies and even little people like entities in the trees. At the age of ten years old we moved up north. By the age of 18 I had another encounter but this time they just appeared like a silver object flashed and it was gone. Then in 2014 I had moved in a double wide mobile home. Well my fiancé and I had gotten the news that we couldn’t have children but it was because of me. I fell into depression for a month. I wanted so much to see them again. So for a week I would sit out at 9 pm. It was dark and I could see the stars, just me and a flash light. For a week I flashed my flashlight up to the stars. From 9pm till midnight. And on one Tuesday night after one week, I left my house and took my little Yorkie puppy for a walk at 9pm. As wel walked around the bend of the street, Upon looking up I saw the Round pulsating,radiant....yellow/orang/yellow Sun coming towards us. I was in Aawww because it didn’t have no noise coming from it. I didn’t feel panicked or scared. Next all I remember is looking down to see if Cuki was of and she was just sniffing around as to she was in a rush to pee. I look up and I waive bye to this object and I am smiling. I felt as though I didn’t want it to go. I saw the object Sun. Move NE in a slow motion. We started walking and I kept looking back until I could not see it no more. As we got home my fiancé at the time says “ What happened!!? “ I say we just left and walked only around once. He said , we where gone for 2 hrs and that he was about to leave to look for us. I looked at the time and it was 11:30pm . I was shocked but And I told him what happened but he didn’t believe it. Till this day... if I want to see them .... All I have to do is use my flashlight for a week ... and They will appear.
