{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-06-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490616","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68965","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3703,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/616/mufon-5490616.json","updb_database_id":5490616}
abduction

I would wake up with blood on my underwear; and not from my bottom where u would expect. the blood was from above my legs around my ovaries area. at first I thought it was just maybe a sore of some sort ..like a pimple, on both sides, so I didn't really think to much of it but over time I noticed that it kept happening I noticed it maybe on three or four different occasions over a span of maybe 2 years, so maybe around the second or third time I noticed the blood (it wasn't much) I tried to see where it was coming from. im a bit overweight so I pulled back the roll of fat i noticed there was a hole ,,,like a small tubular hole, it wasn't a sore or pimple it was an opening on both sides right above my ovaries area. on another occasion I wouldn't even have noticed it but felt like a little bump there and it was itchy and a scab had formed and when I scratched it off I looked to see if it was the same thing and it was a hole a tubular hole a small opening like the size of a needle opening but it was a tube going in. that's not all, I woke up one morning after my commonlaw husband had gone to work and my body was so sore, and as I lay in bed I had little bits of like pictures of standing in a line with other people and there was a man about my age standing beside me with no clothes on and I noticed that I had no clothes on either. and these small beings maybe 4 feet in height were walking by in front of this line up ,,,,, like checking us out and talking to each other about us, and I don't know why but I jumped out on top of them and tried to beat them ... I guess. anyways I woke up and my body felt like it was in a train wreck. like I had been beaten. but I got up that day and has a hot bath and went for a drive... it was the middle of the afternoon on a sunny day and I found myself pulling in to a midas muffler place of business ...im not sure why I stopped there but I went in and the guy that was working behind the desk looked like the guy that I remember standing next to me. this was a really weird meeting because he looked at me like he knew me and I said u look familiar and he said that I looked familiar too. and I didn't really know how to say it but I said did something weird happen to u last night,,,, imagine that... total strangers... and he looked at me kinda weird and he was trying to keep busy like he didn't want to know why I was there. and he said yes ...and we both just kept looking at each other without knowing what to say so I said I can see ur busy can I get ur card and I left. after that I noticed blood on my underwear again and for some reason believe I have kids somewhere...out there. and because I was so violent with them I may never get to see them. I just wish I could say sorry for attacking them . and I wonder if they did make kids from my ovaries, i would like to get hypnotized because i believe there is more to this that i cant recall or may have blocked, crazy. i know but i haven't told anyone, but maybe someone has shared a similar recollection. ....it feels good just to be able to share this with someone .thank u
