{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524616","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31219","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2567,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/616/mufon-5524616.json","updb_database_id":5524616}
Multiple UFOs for the last 3 months. Last night was report worthy.

We moved to Oxford county 3 months ago and saw a large asprin sized red/orange orb come up out of the tree line the first week in our new house. It then made its way across the valley and faded out of sight. Since then, we have been watching the sky at least 3 nights a week in our hottub for 1-3 hours a night. 

Every night there have been multiple star like objects. We have observed the orbs flashing like a lighter 1-4 times, getting progressively brighter at some points looking like a motorcycle headlight, moving at various speeds, directions and heights in a straight line or a curve strobeing in patterns and suddenly blinking out of view. Normally the most activity is between 9pm - 11pm. However, we have seen orbs as early as 8pm before sunset while letting our dogs out. 

There have now been 5 bright orbs ranging in from the size of an asprin to a large pea that come over the tree line very close to our house, and almost directly above us. They are the lowest orbs we have seen and the one last night slowly came over the cliff behind us, hovered for about 20 seconds then acending about 2,000 ft before beginning to slowly make its way East across the valley. About 2/3 of the way across the valley it blinked out. There were also 2 (very obvious) planes in that section of the sky. 

About an hour later, around 10:20pm, we saw a very large slow moving craft fly from the south east to the north west. We didn't see it until it was over the west side of our house, almost out of view. It was in view for about 1 min because it was moving very slowly before it went over the tree line. It was a faint bar shape with 3 pea sized dull white lights and a very small randomly strobeing red light in the middle. It was about an inch long at an arms length, and flying sighlently very low. My husband was trained in the army to identify any type of aircraft, and he was genuinely astonished by this one.
