{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1958-05-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491616","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67947","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3515,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/616/mufon-5491616.json","updb_database_id":5491616}
{dr}Felt something behind me, turned and thought bright light was from heaven. Drew me into it with 2

I was 14 years old, sitting on 3' high wall along a largegravel driveway near our garage. Felt or sensed something and looked-up to see bright radiating light(s) tall and oval/egg shape glowing, not definitive edges. Startled me but almost instantaneously felt calm and unafraid. Two "angels" glowing on each side came out of opening in light standing on each side of opening into light kind of like a short beam/path of light in/out of large light. 

I was startled but quickly felt calm, accepting and they seemed to compel me to move forward towards themselves, "angels" beckoning me to come forward. I thought it was my time to die and go to heaven. (I was in Catholic School so this was my only point of reference to relate to.) I moved towards and into the glowing light calmly accepting my fate.

The next thing I recall is laying on a table? with a sort of "person" looking down at me like a Doctor looking down to examine a patient. I kept thinking he needed to get more sun as his complexion was very smooth, greyish and he had on big sunglasses with a long robe/fabric neck down and on arms. There were one or more others in/out the room coming/going from an area behind a fabric curtained doorway over my right shoulder who were apparently working under his direction. They looked like him, robes, sunglasses. Very large sunglasses sort of like Jackie O sunglasses.

I kept thinking about how he really needed to get into some sunshine. No words were exchanged and I sensed he was wanting to get on with whatever? and get back to his family,to move forward and get through with me. That he thought me inferior and simple in my thoughts. 

I think there was a small, window/slit in the wall, higher up in the wall on the left side of table and could have been a curved wall towards ceiling? I was laying with my left side to this wall and he was on my right side about midway table length looking down at me. I saw sky, clouds rushing past and felt we were very high in the sky above ocean/ground.

I don't remember much else inside except I think something was inserted into my thigh like a needle for a blood test, possibly something into the side of my neck. It did not hurt. I think I was going to sleep. No speech but talked with thoughts as he could tell what I was thinking and was not impressed with my thoughts like needing to get more sun. Like he was somewhat exasperated being there and wanting to get his "job" done. Next thing I remember was being let out of the light where I was picked-up and being very relaxed. 

I later found a small, circular scab on my thigh. About 3 hours had passed. It was about 7pmish, daylight when this experience began and after 9:30 when I went into the house. I did not think to look at the spot where the light had been, was just calm, tired.
