{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-20 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496616","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62776","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3528,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/616/mufon-5496616.json","updb_database_id":5496616}
{rjl} reminds me of the 1997 Phoenix lights.5 making the V and multiple lights fallowing

I was in the backyard trying to spot the comet Lovejoy. I was setting in a zero gravity Lawn chair with a patio steel chair sitting in front of me to steady my binoculars on for better viewing of the comet. I could see satellites, and airplanes, but no comet. About frustrated enough with my inability to find what I was looking for my girlfriend came outside to see how I was doing and to let me know dinner was almost done and that Obama was giving his speech and talking about 2 years of free college.(a good time reference). I shrugged her comments off and expressed my frustrations with not being able to find this comet, pointing out where I believed it was and where I was told it would be, pointing things out in the sky. I pointed out the star formation Pleiades and then I pointed out a satellite close by and started scanning all sky for more things I could point out to her. gazing into the northwest, something caught my eye. My thought process went as follows satellite, shooting stars, to an actual object bigger than I have ever seen before. Screaming look look look with each look becoming a greater higher pitch scream. I was seeing 5 lights in a V shape pattern closely followed by 6 or 7 lights of the same frequency and size. The V shape was one single large object, dark enough to see through the clouds and blocking starlight as it passed. It was amazing and short lived. Remembering that I had my binoculars on me I raised to get a better look but was unsuccessful. The lights were dim, but put off a haze or a slight glow. It was fast and there was a plane just below the object as it passed. Please don't get me wrong this object was nowhere near the plane and traveled at a much much faster pace. Man, the V shape was jaw dropping when I could make out the full object! I couldn't make out what the other lights were but just lights traveling at the same pace not far behind. It seemed to be traveling west to North spotting in the northwest at about 45 degrees of the horizon. When it had gone out of sight I turn to my girlfriend and asked did you see it, did you see it? To her reply, my eyes aren't adjusted do you mean the shooting star, I think I just saw the one, I'm sorry. What a let down. Even if I had my camera on my phone rolling I don't think I would have got much but I would do anything to get a better look at it all over again. I stood outside waiting, watching for anything as a desperate hope to see it again, but nothing. I went inside and got online expecting it to be all over the internet. Others had to see this, others had to be doing exactly what I was doing, looking for the stupid comet.
