{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506616","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52142","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2867,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/616/mufon-5506616.json","updb_database_id":5506616}
{cak} Very small orb or circular shape moving at high speeds with a short but abrupt directional change.

I spent the day at the Fairfield county fair that day and had come back to my friends aunts house in Pataskala for dinner. While I was waiting for dinner I was laying in a hammock looking up at the sky for airplanes (her house is under a flight line airplanes use as an approach to land). As I was looking up I saw a very small white object, appearing to be a circular or sphere shape, moving very quickly. This caught my attention because the planes that fly over her house are usually high up because they are on a flight path already, or low and slow with their landing gear out. I saw it and immediately knew it wasnt an airplane, the shape not right, it was too small, and it was traveling too high up and too fast with no jet contrail. Almost as soon as I saw it, it made an abrupt upward directional change to the right (towards me). It was probably a 20 degree change from the direction it was originally traveling. A few of my friends were nearby and I yelled t the to come over. I tried pointing it out to them, but they didn't see it. They came right as it was getting to the tree line of the forest in her back yard. It was so small and going so fast that even I momentarily lost it when I looked away to tell them to come look at it. The only reason I saw it was because I was looking closely at the sky for planes. I know what planes look like, Ive attended airshows since a very young age and my dad works in the aviation field, so Ive been around planes all my life. I can assure you that it was not an airplane that I know of. There was no sound, it was too maneuverable, and going too fast. Afterwards I felt very frustrated/defeated because none of my friends believed me because they didn't see it and I know that I saw something out of the ordinary. I was also very curious about it afterwards. I came to the conclusion that it was either a drone, or something our government has that we don't yet know about. Either way it was an unidentified flying object and I wanted to report it. Ive seen a ufo once before and I know its a real phenomenon. I hope this will help people see that they are out there, even though it was a short and uneventful sighting.
