{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-06-28 13:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452616","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109023","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3093,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/616/mufon-5452616.json","updb_database_id":5452616}
A huge, tall, cumulus cloud stationary in the otherwise clear blue sky all day long.

I was about 9 years old riding in my aunt's car one summer afternoon in St. Louis, MO. It has been about 30 years since then so I don't remember details like exact date, time, year, etc. We were crossing over I-270 going south on Halls Ferry Rd. It was a bright, sunny, summer day. The sky was completely clear. But I looked out the window to my right (western sky) and noticed one tall, huge, white, puffy, cumulus cloud in the sky. For some reason, it immediately struck me as strange. I stared at it intently (looking at the edges of it, position) for several minutes as we traveled south and I noticed it did not change shape at all, nor was it moving at all. And I even recall still seeing it in the same position when we got to our destination in the city.

But what really freaked me out about this is later on that evening we were watching the St. Louis local evening news (don't remember which channel) and the meteorologist starts by saying "Did you all see that one weird cloud in the sky today?" Then they showed a picture of it on the TV screen! Then shockingly, he says that's not the weirdest part of this story, back in the 1970's (or so, can't remember the exact year) this same exact cloud was seen in the sky over St. Louis! And he put up a split screen of the cloud from that day, and a picture of a cloud in the St. Louis sky taken over a decade before, and it was THE EXACT SAME CLOUD!!! Same size, every contour and detail of both clouds were exactly the same!

I was blown away by the fact that 1. someone had thought enough of a cloud 10+ years earlier to take a picture, 2. to send the picture to the news station and for them to archive it, 3. for people that day to notice the cloud like I did, 4. that the same news station again get a picture of the cloud, and 5. with a few hours notice someone at the station realize that this has happened before and dig up the archived photo to put it on split screen on the news that evening! If that doesn't tell you it was something significant, I don't know what does! After all these years, that incident still blows my mind!

A few years ago, I tried emailing the Cloud Appreciation Society and the three major St. Louis news stations about it but they say they don't have any info about it. I wish I could remember the meteorologist's name but I was visiting the city, I hadn't learned their names, and he probably long since retired.
