{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-09-25 12:46:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465616","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95147","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3146,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/616/mufon-5465616.json","updb_database_id":5465616}
{dr}Observed rapidly moving object at high altitude moving erratically. Cloudless skies and looking North from Downtown Las Vegas with no obstructions. Higher than fighters and jets from Nellis Air Force base.

I noticed the object after I chose to go out to our buildings rooftop pool in an area of Las Vegas. It was mid-day and after several conference calls I wanted to take a quick breather and the pool is around 40 feet from our door so I just walked out and laid down. I was staring at the sky when I noticed a glinting object high in the sky. We are near Nellis Air Force Base and are use to seeing planes of all types flying around. Also with helicopter tours and commercial air traffic I have plenty of reference points for objects in the sky and their altitude so it was noticeable that this was at a high altitude versus typical objects.

I paid a bit closer attention as I stared up and noticed the object was not moving across the sky, it was really faint but I could see a reflection each time it seemed to move one direction or another. It became clear it was staying in a specific area but moving rapidly from side to side within the area. I watched it for a few minutes made sure my sunglasses were not reflecting something then decided to try to video it. With its height and the completely cloudless sky I was not sure what I was filming as the screen was not visible to me while I filmed so I zoomed in and out in the general direction and at the same time I also let it film just a large section of the sky.

After filming for a little over a minute I went inside for a brief moment to see if I could see it on the video. I could not make anything out but decided to go back out side to see if I could still see it. I could not see it, after a few minutes I needed to go back into prepare for my next meeting.

A couple hours later I began looking more closely at the video and using my finger to manually scroll through the video second by second and then could see in seconds 36, 37, 38, and 39 and also in the low 50s there was an object moving faster than a weather balloon could move and higher than planes flying around typically. It was higher than a helicopter and obviously too high for any commercial drones.

I should point out our building faces north towards the test range and also Nellis Air Force Base.

I am a skeptic to the core but absolutely did get this on video (attached) and did see something unidentified.
