{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-05 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509616","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48805","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3871,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/616/mufon-5509616.json","updb_database_id":5509616}
{kt}4 lights flashing in sequence 3-4 times then witnessed 3 objects move in straight line possible curved path

A group of us were overnight Star gazing at Peoh Point (Cle Elum washington) on Friday July 5th 2013. About an hour after sunset looking west when stars became visible a few anomalies occurred throughout the night. Most noticeably was 4 lights blinking/flashing from southwest to northwest with reasonable distance in between. After about 3-4 times blinking in sequence (1 2 3 4) three of the four objects began moving. 2 in the same direction heading north and 1 heading straight up going south east. The 2 objects which were a reasonable distance apart actually ended up catching up to each other with one object moving slower, then stationary, until they were close by and proceeded northward at the same speed till out of site. I would have thought the objects were planes or satellites but the sequenced blinking lights followed by the movement and partnered objects was nothing typical of usual satellites or planes/choppers. It almost appeared as if the objects were communicating or signalling. We felt very eerie at that point as it seemed too choreographed for any satellite or plane we have ever seen. This occurred 2 times throughout the whole night.

Also throughout the night on multiple occasions (maybe 4-7 times) a single flash (shooting star like) was seen followed by a faint moving object of variable speeds typically moving across the horizon. A couple were witnessed directly overhead. followed by 2 objects moving from the flash as an origin point (Maybe a meteor breaking apart and splitting?)They were quick sightings as we would turn to look when our peripherals noticed a flash then we would look and see 1-2 objects moving from that point. It may have just been coincidence of a shooting star followed by satellites. Only once did I witness (I was the only one to witness this) a flash (1 second) followed by a slow moving object and as it passed behind the tree in front of me disappeared when I went to look for it on the other side. I kept telling myself they were shooting stars but traveled far too slow to be so. Satellites were a possibility but the flash of light was strange.

I am not sure if you folks have debunked these kinds before but we regularly saw an object moving south to north on the horizon glowing/flashing a light (not plane like)but would flash for 2-3 seconds (it was as bright as a planet)....fade out but still watch faint object move on path for 10-20 seconds then flash again. It would follow path for 60% of my view then fade away unseen. I assumed it was a satellite or plane flashing light through its path but the brightness and appearance seemed unusual. 

There were 5 of us out there that night and we all witnessed and confirmed that we saw the same thing and that it wasnt peripheral vision playing tricks or tree swaying that caused lower stars to appear like they were flashing/blinking. It was easy to confirm what were Planes and what were satellites. What I mentioned above was what we witnessed that we could not figure out what it could possibly be. Hopefully you have encountered these before and have debunked them. Otherwise I am happy to have finally observed my first UFO. Thank you
