{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-14 15:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529616","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25903","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4808,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/616/mufon-5529616.json","updb_database_id":5529616}
Two white/orange objects moving very, very slowly, almost hovering.

I was at work at the California State Board of Equalization headquarters in downtown Sacramento on 5th and N streets on a cigarette break when I first witnessed the objects. It was about 3:20pm when I noticed it, not long after I got outside to smoke. I remember hearing about the Manhattan UFO sightings from the day before, and as someone who is curious about the UFO phenomena I decided to look up into the sky. The object looked like a white/orange star hovering next to the Wells Fargo Center Building across the street on N Street, the tallest building in Sacramento. It appeared to hover there, like a star would, but then I noticed that it was moving, very, very slowly down as if towards the horizon. It wasnt a star because it didn't move from east to west. It was to the north-west, slightly more west. At first I didn't know what it was, though I immediately assumed that it was not an airplane. There were no contrails, not exhaust, and was small enough that I it was a plane I would definitely see contrails. It moved too slow to be a high elevation plane. I am very familiar with aircraft. I build scale model airplanes and am an amature aircraft identifier. I use a Jane's Modern Aircraft Identification, Military and Civil book. It was unlike any aircraft. Simply like a star. It ever so slightly moved, I noticed, straight down as if towards the horizon, like an aircraft moving away from you. There were very thin, slightly puffy clouds out that moved to the east. It began to slowly move into the path of one and I thought I would lose it behind the cloud. However, once it crossed the cloud's path I could still see it clearly. I then assumed it was below the clouds. I watched to for several more minutes when it came into the path of a tree. I walked a bit down the block to a clearing and saw the object there with another, exactly like it; a white/orange star. The second object was below it an slightly to the left. The two objects did not move at this time. They hovered there for a moment. Then, they began to move together towards the sky, as if moving straight up, still very, very slowly, as if they were hovering. I asked some other BOE employees if they could see it, but they all ignored me except for a young lady who said she couldn't see it though I pointed right at it. She thought I was crazy. I then noticed that I was out there for 20 minutes, which is over the 15 minutes allotted for my break. I didn't want to go back upstairs, partly because I was fascinated, and because my office faces the south. I was so angry with myself for leaving my iPhone upstairs at my desk, because I wanted to take a picture of it. I came back downstairs about 45 minutes later and tried to find them but the objects were gone. After work I immediately rode my bike to the Sacramento River levee where there is a clear, 360 degree view of the sky, but could not see anything but planes taking off and landing at the airport and some birds. When I came home I called the local news channel, KCRA 3 News and asked if anyone had reported a UFO sighting. They told me no and told me they were not interested in a UFO story. During and after the event, I felt a strong sence of fear, joy, confusion and curiosity. Mostly confusion and fear. My muscles were shaking and could not get the thought of the objects out of my head. I was not very productive the next hour and a half at work. I still have feelings of fear now and chills go down my spine thinking about it. Curiously, I had a dream about seeing a UFO the night before, and when I woke up I noticed that my watch, which is analogue and tells you the day and the date was incorrect. I compulsively check my watch, and it did read Thursday, but instead of the 14th it read the 15th. It read Wednesday the 13th the day before. I don't know if it is a sign of something or it was just some kind of funky mix up with my watch and coincidence I dreamt about a UFO. I am still frightened and confused and have this strange compulsion to look up onto the sky to the north-west. I cannot explain what it was, or why no one else noticed it. It was so clearly visible. It was real.
