{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487211","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72458","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2576,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/211/mufon-5487211.json","updb_database_id":5487211}
{nd} went meteor shower watching with friend UFO slowly passed over us while laying on the ground.

I was 14yrs old and a meteor shower was going to be visible that night. My friends mom asked if we wanted to go outside the city and watch for shooting stars. We did. So we drove out to the south side of East Lansing where the agricultural part of the college is and its basically farm land south of the campus. Visibility would be a little better there being that we lived in downtown Lansing. (Lansing and East Lansing are seperate neighboring citys) Not more then 3 min after we laid our blanket out in the middle of a field and laid down did the event happen. "J" and I laid on our backs (head to the west, feet to the east) to stare at the stars when we noticed something blocking the stars behind us. As I looked it was slowly moving toward and directly over us. It was shaped like a fat boomerang about the size of a commercial airliner, solid black with a white light beaming out of the front "nose", a red light on the tip of the right wing and a blue light on the tip of the left wing. All lights were solid with no flashing or wavering. As it slowly moved over us it stopped and hovered in place. "J" and I were frozen in awe and the only thought running through my mind was "whats going to happen". There was absolutely no sound! Perfect silence. After hovering directly over us for about 5 sec it slowly backed up about 10 feet and then shot forward and out of site in an instant. Immediately we jumped up and started screaming for his mom, who was conveniently still getting lawn chairs, hot cocoa and things out of the car. She did not see what we did and though it was funny how frantic we were and tried telling us it was just shooting stars. We never convinced her, we did almost convince her not to let us hang out together any more. "J" and i never told anyone else what we saw. Who would believe us? That was just the first time I saw a craft like that.
