{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-19 22:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491211","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68360","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3807,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/211/mufon-5491211.json","updb_database_id":5491211}
:rjl} Diamond / Kite Shaped Silver White Object Observed Flying Without Lights Silently West To East

While I was outside observing the stars and enjoying the cooling night air, I observed two objects that had orange orbs at their fronts and a blinking white strobe at their rear fly by from east to west at an elevation of 15 Deg. off the horizon. I have frequently observed these objects before in my area several times,and they ARE NOT HELICOPTERS. They make no noise, and the orange ball of light at their fronts remains at a constant bright orange illumination no matter the direction that they are flying from.
After I observed two of these objects fly by in succession, I also observed an obvious airliner approaching from the east going in the same direction as the orange orbs.
Then, out of the corner of my eye, I spotted an object traveling silently and without lights of any kind, going from the west to the east at an elevation of 15 degrees, at an altitude of about 2000 feet, at a steady state speed that would be faster that a high flying airliner, which often pass over my location. The object made no obvious noise, it passed right by the orange orbs at around the same altitude, but going in the opposite direction. It was also headed towards the approaching airliner, which was flying at a cruising altitude for a normal airliner which was much higher than the object was.

The object was diamond/kite shaped, with the point of the long end pointing towards the ground, or slightly to it's rear opposite of it's flight path.
The exact shape was that of an elongated diamond, or of a very narrow but long diamond shaped kite. I viewed the object as if the flat side of a kite would be facing directly towards me. The color of the object was white with a hint of silver, and non reflective, but it was reflective enough to the point that it could be highlighted by the available starlight alone, so as to make the object, its exterior, and it's outline completely visible to me. I watched the object fly by for a total of around two minutes or so, until I lost sight of it as it flew behind some trees at the end of my street.

The object was very large, but easy to miss if a person was not looking in that specific direction and location at that specific time, because it was completely silent and completely unlighted. And it was definately diamond shaped, and it was NOT a weather or other balloon, or a group of balloons tied together, or a weather balloon.

The weather was completely clear, with many stars easily viewable, especially for my location in the suburbs near a major city. There was no moon, ans it was extremely dark for a summer night. There was an extremely light and very thin wispy slight cloud cover in the night sky, very sparse, and only in one or two distinct spots, located at the uppermost extreme heights that clouds can exist in the atmosphere. The wind was blowing out of the North NW at 7 Mph or less, which would mean that the object would have been traveling crosswise to the wind direction, the temperature was 67 degrees, the humidity was 64 percent. This was after we had a rather extreme daytime temperature of 90 degrees and near 95 percent humidity.
