{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484211","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75627","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2936,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/211/mufon-5484211.json","updb_database_id":5484211}
{nd} Drone popped up, followed Hi spd. test sled, passed, led, accelerated at me, passed in front, dissapeared.

I was on my way to the store in Alamogordo NM. While stopped at the corner of Rattlesnake Rd.to enter US 54-70, I saw the ignition of the first booster of the start of a test at Holloman AFB.Hi speed test track. 
Almost at the point where the sled started to move, an object popped up from the left flank of the test,but behind slightly. The object exploded to a larger magenta like coronal ball. This was from a distance of 13 miles. The plume of the test sled formed a cone of about the size of a pencil eraser at arms length the ball of the corona was proportionally as large. The ball followed the sled down the track for a couple of moments and then followed it on the side for a moment or two then as the sled second thrust came on, the ball followed in front of the sled for a few moments. By the time the sled got to what is known as the midway (data collection site) the object changed direction from paralleling the track, to a direction aiming almost directly at where my intersection was. At this point of its path it was slightly faster than the test sled, but on changing direction it also accelerated to a velocity that was faster than a bullet. I had really wanted to see what the core of the object looked like. All that was left were the heat risers off of the pavement in front of me. I equate that to a stream of water moving gently and having a stone thrown in or looking at an image in a mirror and having the glass of the mirror tapped and the image breaks up. This was late in the afternoon and I was looking to the west and the heat risers were quite pronounced. the object passed so fast that when I turned to look to the north north east, I saw nothing. It was almost a year later that a friend passed along a report from an investigator from Alamogordo that fit both in time and situation. He explained that a disc had been seen behind a place called Round mountain east of Tularosa NM, where people coming from the race track in Ruidoso pulled over to the side of the road to watch the disc. suddenly a bunch of probes or drones from all over the Tularosa basin came together and attached to the disc. At this point the disc departed. This filled in a lot of blanks for me. They were spying on the test.
