{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-09-29 01:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549211","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5488","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5623,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/211/mufon-5549211.json","updb_database_id":5549211}
V-shaped, blunt ended, leading edge illuminated, approx 15,000 - 18,000 ft alt. 5-6 sec. duration

Early Friday morning, between 0100 hrs and 0120 hrs I was sitting on my south facing patio. No external lights were on save for two street lamps, one at the front of my house (North) and one at the back of my house. Every night while my dog is off doing doggy things, I watch the night sky. This night was a little different.
  There were few clouds present, and those were diaphonous--I could see right through them to the stars beyond and they weren't moving. I have since gone on the NOAA website and a university website and learned that the clouds I saw are classified as "autocumulus" and they range from 6,500'-20,000' in altitude. The night air was fairly calm, and none of the clouds appeared to be moving. The NOAA website showed that at 0051 hrs, that the winds were from the north at 5 or 6 miles per hour, the temp. was 69 degrees with a dewpoint of 42. NOAA also listed the sky as clear and fair. That is pretty much what I experienced, although I had those few clouds and little wind.
  I continually search the sky looking for meteors, and since I moved into my new house, I've seen at least half a dozen since March of this year. My backyard is about 5000 sq. ft. (50x100) and I haven't any trees in the back yard and neither do my neighbors, so my view is not blocked, save for houses and roofs. As I sat watching the sky, out of the corner of my eye I saw movement and my first thought was that a cloud was sure moving fast all of a sudden. I focused on the movement and discovered that it wasn't a cloud, but rather a V-shaped object with its leading edge illuminated. The front edge wasn't sharp, but blunted instead, but not as round or soft as that of a boomerang and the wings were at about a 45 degree angle to one another. The lights on the leading edge appeared somewhat "dotted" like the way continuous windows would look, but not continuous as neon would look. There were also 4-6 slightly brighter spots along the edge. There was no inside to the craft, it wasn't like our triangle shaped stealth fighters, because I could see the stars between the wings, and because it just didn't "feel" like there was anything solid between them.
  A most astonishing feature about the craft was the lack of sound. The night was silent at that time, not even the noise of A/C units were running. A strange feature was that I could either see through the craft through the clouds, or it was above the clouds so it appeared to look like its environment. But once it passed beyond the edge of the cloud, approx. 5-6 seconds from my first sighting, it just disappeared. I don't know if it's because the leading edge was away from me or whether it blended in with the rest of the night sky. I observed the craft nearly straight above my house and it was traveling from the north/north east to the south/south east, at a very sedate, and calm speed. 
  In the early 90's I took private pilot lessons and have over 41 hours in the air so I have a decent understanding of altitudes. I flew most of my lessons between 5000 and 10,000 feet. This craft appeared to me to be higher than that, maybe between 15,000 and 18,000 feet; and when stretching my hand out at arms length the wings were approx. one index finger long, and in my case that's about 2 1/2 inches. 
  I didn't have a camera or even binoculars as I wasn't expecting anything like this to have happened, but I did have a small LED flashlight that I shone at the craft. I wonder if it's coincindental that within one second of shinning my little light at it that it flew beyond the cloud cover and disappeared from sight. Did it go invisible or rather just beyond my angle of sight, I don't know. 
  My first reaction was awe and astonishment. I was elated to see such a wonderous craft and I was hoping I would get to watch it longer than I did. I admonished myself for not having a camera (although I know that by the time I would have gotten the camera powered up, pointed at the object and the picture taken that the craft would have been gone), and I wished that my best friend was there to witness the event, as she and her husband have a paranormal website. 
  In one of my past (work) lives, I was a P.O.S.T. certified police dispatcher and Reserve Police Officer, and for over 13 years I was an EMT/Paramedic so I am trained to be observant. I took in every detail I could during the event and then told myself, "yes, this is really happening and you are really seeing an unknown object." I continued searching for it for another 10 minutes after I lost sight of it. It wasn't until I was in bed going over every minute detail that I started to doubt my sanity. But then I remembered my feelings and there is nothing more truer than one's feelings at the time of an occurance, so I knew it had been real. Especially since the craft was of solid substance, traveling at a constant speed and direction and for all of that, had absolutely no sound whatsoever.
