{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-02-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481211","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78817","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2483,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/211/mufon-5481211.json","updb_database_id":5481211}
{jpg} A dark object with a bright tail and a rectangular white light in the center on tape it seemed to rerun about 5 times with diffrent brightness on each object with the last one being the brightes. As I viewed the tape.

I have been video tapering in my back yard as I have seen and tape many objects. I was inside my house and when I looked at the tape I seen a bright flash that lasted maybe a few seconds, as I went frame by frame there was a plane going n-e then when plane went off screen I seen a flame like coming on to the screen and as I continued you could see a rectangular object with a bright tail and a white rectangle center coming over my neighbors two story house right into my camcorder and then just gone as I continued another object just about the same, same route over house and towards my camcorder the difference was the brightness of each one with the last one being the brightest. It was like a repeat of 5 times approximately. The last one seemed to show a tube on the lower right looking at the tape. They also left a imprint on each one that would be there after the objects were gone on the tape. The objects came from the North and made a quick turn over the house towards my camcorder a south-west turn. On the second sighting also taped was a light show two nights later on the house next to this one, which has to much detail to put down, both were taped on hi-8 tape and transferred to disc. This one I was outside but looking the other direction and missed the whole event. I have many tapes all shot from my back yard except one. I do not know either of my neighbors and I would love for you to see them and tell me what you think. I believe this has been going on since I was young but hard to prove. I am having trouble or my daughter is by trying to send them to you I could send them if that would be easier. Contact me anytime. Thank you. Charles
