{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-24 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487630","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72028","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3812,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/630/mufon-5487630.json","updb_database_id":5487630}
{jpg} V shaped craft over Fremont CA

The night of October 24 was absolutely clear and the moon was nearing the full moon phase thus was very bright. To give you an idea of position let me say that the balcony from which I saw this object faces West. I went out to the balcony at approximately 7:30PM. The moon was SSE of my location at approximately at 50 degree angle 0ver the horizon. I had full view of the night sky. 
After 10 or so minutes from being outside, toward the west I saw what appeared to be ripples in the air (similar to those formed by a boat as it moves in water) being created by something moving forward behind them. From my position, I estimate that I saw these "ripples" at an elevation of 35-40 degrees above the horizon. These "ripples" appeared whitish in color perhaps because of the reflection of the city lights below. The "ripples" were visible for a couple of seconds sufficient time to eliminate the possibility of birds but plenty of times to keep me looking at whatever that was.
As I stared at these "ripples" and watch them disappear to give view to an object traveling in the direction of my location. It was a V shaped craft with circles along each side of the V. It was a non-reflective type of black or dark grey color (contrasted with the night sky due to the shining moon). The circles (perhaps lights?) were gray-white but were not reflecting outside the craft similar to seeing the interior lights of a house from the outside. The craft had no NAV lights at all which is rare when we consider the fact that it was flying in the airspace of the SFO, OAK, SJC airports. The aircraf was absolutely silent and had no visible engines, afterburners or indication of a power source. From the first instant I saw the "ripples" to the time the craft went over the balcony where I was standing I estimate that it was perhaps 6 seconds. That said, I did have a perfect view of this craft to clearly identify the shape and the circles on each side and the tip because it passed almost overhead. I can not tell how high it was because I had no points of reference given the clear night. What I can say is that assuming that it was at the altitude of aircraft approaching SFO international this craft was much larger than a 747 cargo plane and moved a lot faster.
Once the craft went over the balcony traveling WEST to EAST I lost visibility as it got obscured by the roof of the house. A few seconds later I saw it again this time heading North-North East. I do not know if it turned or did a loop to change directions while behind the house. At this stage I saw the back of the craft and followed it by looking at the white circles underneath for a few more seconds. Not sure if it was going so fast that I lost visibility due to distance or if the craft turned off those under body lights that I was using as reference. The total time I had this craft in sight was about 10-15 seconds. It took me a lot longer to write this report. I'd be interested in hearing comments from people who have seen something similar to what I have described here. Let me say that I had never seen anything like this before and, between you and I, I'd like to have the opportunity to see it again.
