{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-28 04:36:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470630","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89862","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3204,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/630/mufon-5470630.json","updb_database_id":5470630}
{dr}{td}Completely silent and never flapped membrane like wings once. Glided over my home unnaturally fast.

I was sitting on the side steps outside of my home having a smoke at exactly 4:36 am. The night sky is so incredible when it's clear from my view so I was essentially just admiring its beauty. I noticed about 5 stars I had never seen before that seemed to have an orb like motion and carry a bright white center but a bright purple, green and slightly red aura around this star like phenomena. (the red was a very minor glimmer as opposed to the other shimmering colors) The problem with the idea of the star looking lights moving as I saw them was that I felt like I was suffering from some sort of vision impairment. I felt like everything I was looking at became blurry and I was not any sort of fatigued nor under the influence for my vision to have appeared in this way, when suddenly my eyes locked onto this huge greyish/dark brown bat/owl/reptile looking hybrid completely silent and GLIDING unnaturally fast over my home.I don't really know where he came from or how my eyes locked onto this thing especially in such a dark setting. I lost sight when he silently glided over my home out of sight, but I swear he landed on my roof. I am not 100% sure of this. This strange creature had a seemingly large set of wings, and I don't doubt if they were spread the span would be incredible, but it seemed to have its wings folded in a triangle style form which lead the entire creature to resemble the worlds largest most terrifying MOTH!! I suddenly felt a sense of dread vulnerability and impending doom, and I felt like I was being hovered over and watched like an animal stalks its prey. I don't scare easy, and I live for the paranormal, but it is now 4:18 pm and I still am feeling the same sense of fear and dread as I did in that moment and I don't know how to tame this psychological issue. It was comparable to anxiety, but I ultimately felt like my life was about to end..I can't describe it any better. Before I was able to stand up I heard a screech comparable to a bat, except it was a much lower tone, and it definitely sounded MUCH larger than any bat around here. I live in a small town surrounded by woods, so bats and animals of that sort cross my path often. This was nothing like it. What was strange is my hearing felt distorted while I heard the screeching. I felt like I could hear it right above me, yet sometimes it felt like it was muffled and unclear, it made me second guess what I heard. This has been the most horrifying sighting I have ever witnessed so far to be honest.
