{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-18 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494630","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64836","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4728,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/630/mufon-5494630.json","updb_database_id":5494630}
{rjl}(cfi; 3-4 moving stars, one turned into disc shape, reddish. two orbs drop down about feet) i can call them and i show people, so did indians and ancient egyptians, and ill be proving it, its also tied into bible!

just Saturday night went outside with my buddy and I was telling him of these weird lights that have been coming when I go outside and pray so I told him come outside and I'd show him as soon as we went out I got in 2 words and there it was! Flying like a moving star noticed 3-4 of these things and then there was one that was flying faster than normal and it turned to a disk shape object was reddish color, this object started rotating in circles and vanished! These things are tied into bible! Chariots of GOD or you called them Els ,Ang(Els) or Elohim, or merkaba meaning spirit, light, body! I started seeing these things at 33 and have lots more knowledge then you'd think! Psalm 24:9 lift up your heads, lift up your gate's, ye ancient doors that the Kingdom of Glory may come in! I will be showing all and going door to door time to change the world and stop the lies! Egyptian pyramids even have drawings of ships, Baghdad batteries, Peru and more history and science and religion has been tampered with! Your 3 crosses are the 3 pyramids, thus the middle pyramid which equates to Jesus(Jesurun) life is missing the capstone which is the corner stone the builder's rejected!And has 144,000 casing stones on pyramid,which there are 144,000 sealed in bible, 144,000 days n Mayan cycle, 144,000 acupressure points lots of secrets and I know all! The essene Essa essaioi tell you think of stars for you sleep, and so do emerald tablets and so does bible, you people have been dooped and you were not to eat flesh, common since your adding its fat n cells n DNA to your body! And what HEAVEN and Earth has joined together let no man put asunder! Simply put the soul is married to the blood, and thy blood  is married to thy flesh, GODS LAW binds all and is HOLY and you break his living LAW which is life when you eat of life! That's why he said Fruits n veggies which heal, and then you'd be able to call on Angels, you'll see, I'm far from crazy, educaTed, handsome, could have done anything but I gave up worldly ways to follow the narrow path which is the essene way, wake up sheep! Take time to go outside like 30 mins and pray to GOD quietly you don't have to tell, make sure the sky is clear and look at a certain direction and you will see, my gift to you all and your welcome! Just praise GOD and think of peace and after this we are going to fix all these lies that's been done to Mexicans,Negroes ( Judah ) and Indians, or I'll deny you all before the FATHER whom is in HEAVEN and FACE brighter than a 1000 x 1000 suns! Period! this is all TRUE he who has ears to hear , hear and let the rest walk in death as they are blind to truth and the life the Light, I'll see you all soon and will be changing the world, you have all missed the point of what life was truly about and traded your souls the pricesless gift of the Loving GOD for ritches of the world which are as seeds sown on stony ground which have no root so endure for a short while, eating flesh, n selling death in bottles, and smokes and watching fake reality boxes paradigms, GOD gives you life and you stick your brain in a box, great you people have mastered boxes And also added to the Book of LAW wherein they sought to paint a likeness of themselves as GOD! Book of maccabees but we won't go there yet! Turn off tv's n music waves which alter your brain waves n get back into nature where man was created, and live you are being devil which is lived spelled backwards (death) and demons or demand (de) seperate or apart from man! Wake up and yes I can call on them and some of us can, you will know who you are! You will always have felt like a outcast, different, and looked at life differently than others and once you can eat natural foods and clean your body you will be able to do other things.... This is all TRUE and I put my life on it and have, I've also had 2 orbs come down on each side of feet when praying and there's more,
