{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-31 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505630","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53213","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2473,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/630/mufon-5505630.json","updb_database_id":5505630}
{rjl} While driving i saw lights moving towards me. Then turned north almost over me.

On new years eve about 8:30 pm I saw 5 orange lights in the night sky. They appeared to be linked in a slight bow shape and moving like a single craft of some kind. The center light seemed to be the center and the ones on each end the tips. I noticed them as I drove north on wolf angel rd in Anderson twp and at first they were moving directly at me. The lights were moving from the west and turned to the north north east almost over me. My interpretation of what I was seeing was this was a huge aircraft of some kind at a very low altitude. As it turned to the north I got out of my car to listen for engine noise and there was none. The lights appeared to have a white core as I looked up at them from a 15 or so degree angle. I watched it move into the Horizon and disappear, my visual contact lasted about 3 minutes. The total span from end to end was at least 1/4 mile and I estimate the altitude to be between 3 to 5 thousand feet. Given that altitude and distance traveled I estimate the speed of movement to be around 150 knots. As I watched them disappear, looking at the rear, the lights were all at the same altitude and the spacing remained exact. While they were in the turn i couldnt tell if the craft banked but it didn't appear to do so. 

Im amazed that I appear to be the only one to see this. I watched the news, went online and have asked several people I know if anyone saw or heard of this, nothing. Several of the people I asked laughed and dismissed my story. But I was an airline pilot for 22 years, about half of that flying international, I know what I saw and I have never seen anything like this before. Also, I have see parachutes lit at night but these lights didn't seem to be descending or loose altitude at all. If it was sky divers they are in credibility good.
