{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-03-21 15:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527630","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27993","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3278,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/630/mufon-5527630.json","updb_database_id":5527630}
sharp silver disc shape with no visible windos door lines ect...solid siver disc

My name is *(Wit's name deleted--CMS/sg)and I was 17 years old at the time and i was down the street t my ffriends house standing outside having a chat. It time to be correct was 3:30pm in the afternoon in the city of Orange in southern California. It was at this time when I was curbside and happened to look up in t the blue sky with no clouds in sight and noticed a super shiny disc object in the sky to the North. This object was a solid disc object that stood still in the sky for about 15 minutes and did not move. My friend thought it was a blimp or even some kite, but it was a solid disc shape and could not have been a blimp. It was like a silver solid rock was floating in the air. We stood and stared at this object and it seemed to change bright metallic colors and at that point we new were seeing something strange. I checked my watch at the time and it was now 4:00pm the object was still there in the sky with no sound or movement. At this time it began to slowly climb to a higher elevation and when i say this i mean very slow. It did this for about 10 minutes , but was still easily visiable to make out that it was a silver disc object somethng thati have never seen before! It was now about 4:05-4:10pm and my frien ad i never took our eyes off this object and watched it suddenly move from one direction to another like point a to b in a blink of an eye. To have been there and seen what my friend and i saw I would describe it as disappearing and reappearing. This silver object did this a total of three times in a triangle motion and disappeared right before our eyes. I have spent the rest of my life remembering this incident and it is something that i will never forget and picture the event over and over again. I never really told anyone about this because I knew my other friends and family would just laugh at me and say im crazy. I would like to know if anyone else has reported seeing ths on this exact day in 1997 March 21 Friday. I just knew that i was lucky to see such a sighting in my lifetime, but te scarry thing is that what i aw was so unreal i cant believe what i saw, but it was real and im willing to take a lie detecter test and talk to anyone who wants to listen to my story. What made me come out now was that I have been watching several shows and the discriptions and events of some sounded just like mine. And I just wanted to share my story to people like you who I hope will take my story serious. Im sorry no camera at the time and my friend **(Name deleted--CMS/sg) were the only eye witnesses. We talk about this sighting everytime we see one another.
