{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-10-19 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451630","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110016","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2181,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/630/mufon-5451630.json","updb_database_id":5451630}
4 gigantic lozenge shaped lights and meteorite like objects dropped

I saw a large group of lights hovering over plymouth, 4 huge lozenge shaped lights 2 at either end and single tiny blinking light in center. Imagine a plank flying sideways, 2 lights at each end. A four engine jet, clearly visible in moonlight, flew past one end of object. The plane was about a quarter size of the large white lights, object was to height to see, plane wasn't. As the plane flew across the sky and away the object appeared to drop a brite fireball into the sky, it burned up in a white fireball silently, leaving a trail of white smoke in the sky. The object immediatly began to move towards the south and then hovered still again, after 30 or so seconds, a second meteor like object blew up underneath the object, again leaving white smoke trail in the sky. It then rapidly flew over the southern horizon and was out of sight in seconds. I believe these fireballs where a global event on the night of October the 19, I remember it, as it's my daughters birthday. This object must have been tens of miles across, I know the sky and I've seen satilights and the space station, this thing was gigantic in comparison. Was this a delivery of covid 19, or just emptying the toilets? My neighbour saw the second fireball and the object too. A few months later we had a daylight sighting of 6 objects from less than 100ft, five merged together and changed shape as it banked around me. They were as silent as they were amazing, one was a 10ft saucer shaped object flying ahead of the group of 5. That was late December.
