Date                            Date
Case Number: 991 13102019                     13-10-2019                        02-08-2023
Report:                      Resolution:
Location:        Quellón        Region:        Los Lagos        Classification:    Resolved.
It reported an anomaly that it described as small, round, and
Summary: Gray color, approximately 700 meters away, and appeared in a photograph taken in
Rural sector of Coinco, Quellón commune, on January 18, 2019 at 10:10 a.m. (HL).


Description      The user reported that (sic): “I took a normal photo, after reviewing I
realized: "something abnormal."


                 The user's location was georeferenced approximately at coordinates 43° 03’ 06” S, 73° 37’ 43” W, and 45 m above sea level, on the rural road from Coinco to Quellón, Chiloé province. (Figure 1)


Investigation:
Figure 1

The following Figure 2 shows with red arrows the reported objects as they appear in the case photo.

Figure 2. Reported objects as air anomalies.

Figure 3 indicates the orientation of the reported object, 330° Northeast.

Figure 3

The photo that supported the report was digitally perused, confirming that it does not show any manipulation or alteration.
It was altered. The metadata information could not be obtained because it was edited by the WhatsApp application server, reducing its size to 480 x 732 pixels and removing the time and technical data of its capture. After digital analysis, other anomalies present in the image could be established. (Figure 4)

Figure 4. Elements present in the photograph of the case.

The spots within the red circle are comparable to the effect caused
due to the dirty camera sensor, as highlighted in Figure 5 for example.

Figure 5. Marks left by dirt on a camera light sensor.

Furthermore, the presence of any air traffic on the day and at the time of the report was consulted, confirming that there were no flights in the direction of what was observed.

According to the analysis of the testimony and the results of geographical studies,
Forensic, photographic, and air traffic investigations concluded that the reported incident is consistent with the possibility of damage or dirt on the internal sensor of the camera, as well as on its lens. It is pertinent to note that the lack of quality and information in the received file made it difficult to reach a more precise conclusion.
