{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-15 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285403","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118002","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2292,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/403/mufon-5285403.json","updb_database_id":5285403}
Two UFOs seen, both white/orange in color, shortly AFTER SpaceX launch tonight

Preface: I realize now that there was a SpaceX launch at 8:04, eleven minutes before we saw the first object. But WHAT was the second orb we saw traveling behind the first one a minute later, and so low? That is what is in the attached video, the second object. Was there something following and observing the launch? Both objects seemed to stay at a steady altitude and headed northeast at a smooth pace, so I am not even convinced that the first object was the launch.

At exactly 8:15 last night, we were outside and saw what I thought at first was an asteroid or comet. There was a whitish-orange ball with a blue beam of light coming off the front of it and underneath it. As I watched, I realized that the ball was fairly low in the sky, and it was moving too smoothly and slowly to be an asteroid, comet, or meteor. The blue light looked like a spotlight or a beam. After a couple of minutes, the blue light disappeared and the object continued northeast until it went behind some trees. Within a minute or so, a second craft that looked exactly like the first appeared where the other had originated in the southern sky, but this one did not have the blue light. It traveled behind the first craft and disappeared into the northeastern sky. My neighbor claimed that he had been watching the first object move around for a few minutes before we came outside.

What is interesting is that the blue light on the first craft did not appear in our video recordings or photos. It just looks like a white ball. Also, when we zoom in on the objects, they do not appear round, but have a more elongated shape.
