{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-26 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454403","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107216","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2899,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/403/mufon-5454403.json","updb_database_id":5454403}
{rjl} Below

I have seen for the last four nights approximately 16 at the minimum counted and verified, to tonight 32 stars or crafts travel almost near the same path without showing any signs that they are military or domestic planes or crafts through the sky And my partner has witnessed this as well as I have. Last night it started around 9 o’clock when we noticed it tonight it started at about 8 o’clock again when we noticed it. We love to star gazing and when we look at the sky and see the stars moving around in the same path is extremely alarming. No flashing lights or other Colors other than they look like very distant stars moving. Sometimes they come in pairs. A very consistent chain of events. We started noticing them about four nights ago by accident. We were talking to each other and I noticed that a star started moving over the shoulder of my lady. After looking at it for a few seconds and speculating on whether it was a plane or a satellite another one trailed it. And then another one. Then a pair followed by three more singles and it happens so often that there’s no way that could be a standard thing that happens. I am going to continue to observe what I see and ask as many questions as I can because I don’t understand what I’m seeing. This has been so consistent that I figured you guys would be very interested in seeing what I’m seeing because I’m not crazy and I have other friends who have seen it but they do not want to put their name on paper. I have a iPhone 6 and it cannot pick them up in the video. They show up in the photo view, showing them moving but when I take a picture it doesn’t show the stars moving obviously. The video seems to be a lower quality which is fine but I am trying to think of another way to catch them moving. The video seems to be a lower quality which is right but I am trying to think of another way to catch them moving. My next strategy is to record my screen with another phone. There’s planes flying all around, it’s a very active area yet when these stars are moving there seems to be no other activity in that area. As soon as they stop flowing, plane activity happens immediately. The planes start popping up from the mountain side and go in entirely different direction. They do not across the entire sky.
