{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-09-26 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464403","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96449","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3429,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/403/mufon-5464403.json","updb_database_id":5464403}
{rjl} Red glowing box shape ufo flying low over small lake where I was standing

I was standing at the edge of a small lake (Wyoga Lake) in Summit County Ohio on the evening of September26th 2018 at 8:30pm just looking across the lake mostly because I like to skywatch for a little while every night. As I was looking around I just happened to look in the sky to the left of me (to the north) when I saw this bright red glowing object flying very low and coming over me going from the west toward the east. When I first saw it I was surprised a little bit because it didn't look like any conventional aircraft that I usually see and it was making no sound at all. I was kind of fixated on this strange looking craft because I had never seen anything like this before, so I watched it as it went over me till it got to the other side of the lake making sure that I got a real good look at it so I could determine if it was a real ufo or not. At that moment I was thinking that I should try to get some pictures of it before it was gone so I reached in my back pocket to get my cellphone out while at the same time trying to keep track of the object. I managed to get a video and a couple of stills even though it was going away from me. Since the ufo wasn't really that high in the sky (maybe between 200 to 500 feet up - about as high as the lifeflight helicopters fly when they are coming and going from Akron), I did get a pretty good look at it though so I would describe it as sort of a rectangle box shape with a glowing white strip along the bottom and back edge, with bright red in the middle, but on the top and right side of the rectangle it was glowing so much that it was hard to make out the edges but it just seemed like a box shape to me for some reason. Kinda hard to judge the size but I would say it was as big as two buss's or semi trucks maybe. I would say that it was probably traveling through part of the Cuyahoga Valley National Park passing near Blossom Music Center in Cuyahoga Falls heading east when I spotted it coming over me and Wyoga Lake and continuing on through Stow, Ohio (past Rt 8) not going very fast. When I was filming it going away I really didn't try to zoom in on it because I was trying to keep it in the frame but I kinda wished I would have a little bit but there might be some good footage here anyways. There's some interesting stuff there when you zoom in and enlarge the pictures though. The only sound on the video is the wind and some geese honking. I also made a computer drawing of kinda what it looked like when it was going over me (included with pics). This wasn't my first ufo sighting and it probably won't be the last. I've been fortunate (and in the right place and time) to get pretty close to one of them a couple of times so I know what they look and feel like. UFO's in Northeast Ohio.
