{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529403","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26130","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3808,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/403/mufon-5529403.json","updb_database_id":5529403}
numerous bright silver lines of light, fixed length, moving different directions.

It was full-moon. I had been to Stonehenge to invoke magick and try to communicate with ancestors. Spent the night on a line of ancient burial mounds trying to access information no longer available generally to human beings. There was a sharp frost and particles if ice in the air. I used a laser pen to scan the skys and the whole place was aglow as the laser light reflected off the water/ice particles in the atmosphere.I shone it parralel to the ground so that the beam skimmed the surface of the grass, swishing it rapidly left to right. This had an amazing affect as again the light was refracted by the frozen grass such that the field was alight over a vast area. In the sky the light seemed to re-appear from nowhere in isolated areas. A delayed reaction. My theory is that it was being bounced around from one ice particle to another before dissipating. I felt as though I was receiving information as I was saying things to my companion that I had no idea of origin. This was my goal. I wanted to tune in to information channels that hum,ans no longer have access to and was conscious of trying to open up my dormant brain to receive signals, information, lost secrets, anything that would help reverse the completely stupid direction chosen by men on earth. 

I had just returned to my car and was watching the sun rise over stonehenge. It was a fabulously clear morning and the full-moon was falling just as the sun was rising. It was around about the time that both appeared to be at the same level in the sky and facing each other that I saw the first ufo. At forst I thought it was the silver lining of a cloud, but it was moving towards the sun in a uniform length. I did not jump to the immediate conclusion that it was a ufo. I am extremely wary of doing so and figured that it was man controlled. Then more started to appear heading in all different directions. It now seemed to me to be a phenomenon. I saw a sperical glow of light also which I took to be one of tyhese objects coming at me head on so I guess they must be cylindrical in shape unless part of the vision is a vapour trail of fixed length and duration.

All of the objects travelled at a uniform speed in a continuous fashion such that would be expected from an airoplane etc. I do not actually recall seeing any disappear from view, in fact I was tracking one coming towards me and AS it disappeared from view (the roof of my car being the shield) I fell asleep waiting for it to emerge the other side of my foof.

My feelings were not great excitement, I feel sure that there is an explanation for it. I was suspicious that it may all have been a hoax to excite sensitive stonehenge visitors who may be receptive to ufo suggestion. I remain with an open mind and leave it hopefully to experts to enhance my photographs and get to the bottom of it. Having done a small amount of research on sightings since returning home I came accross an almost identical sighting in China this year. I think that is why I decided to report my own experience.
