{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-09 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516403","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41717","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5371,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/403/mufon-5516403.json","updb_database_id":5516403}
{cak} Felt surprised by my headlights. Zoomed at my house and then hovered showing light sequence green, yellow, blue. felt as though we were getting a

It was pretty late at night and my sister and I had decided to go down to the gas station to get some smokes. I live in the country, not very often any visible lights other than porch lights are seen out here. On August 9,2012 there was no moon at all...which was awesome I thought because of some personal issues my sister was having at the time. As I walked her down our steps she had looked up to the east and asked what was that light? I looked quickly and told her must be a new radio tower light, or cell phone tower light. She said no it wasnt...but I had blown her off to get in and start the car. She got in my car and I had backed out our curved driveway trying carefully not to hit the kids basketball goal. I put the car into Drive and flipped on my headlights, without thinking when my sister screamed! I slammed on the brakes and noticed that the orange light was directly in front of me. I quickly shut off my car, turned off my headlights and JUMPED OUT to see what kind of helicopter was flying soooo low. But it was not a helicopter. As I am staring up in the sky, the orange light had turned into a blue and white flashing light that was making its path down my long driveway. I thought for sure this thing was going to circle my car when it suddenly stopped NOT MAKING A SOUND. That is when I felt mesmerized. I wanted to sit down instantly. I noticed the colors, Green first, then yellow, and finally blue. I felt drawn to the blue and noticed it sort of tick like a second hand on a clock in a circular movement. I screamed at my sister "did you see that?" but at the same time she screamed at me "DID YOU SEE THAT?"....I do NOT remember what happened after that...I don't know how I got back into the car, I don't know where it went, or how it flew off. I remember being back into the car...Hooping and Hollering together with my sister...we were completely overcome by adrenaline. We went into the store after discussing we wouldnt say anything inside of the store. We were in there for about 10 minutes talking to the fellow in the store talking about his conspiracy theories when we got our smokes and pops and got back in to drive home. We are only about 1 and 1/2 mile away from the store, but on the way home, we had decided to NOT tell my husband because he would NEVER believe us at all. My sister was staring out her side of the window, and me with my eyes on the road, when she gasped out" OH>>>MY>>>GOD>>>YOLANDA...THERE IT IS AGAIN!!! She grabbed the wheel and I sneaked a peak to see EXACTLY what we had seen before only this time the side view! I grabbed my phone and called my husband to meet us outside. I had barely pulled into my long driveway when I noticed my husband had come outside. I screamed for him to look to the WEST behind our house and when he did, HE SAW the show of his life!! We ALL witnessed 4 light orbs flying towards each other in an AWESOME collision path, only one would move up, the other would go left or right.....awww....it was indescribable. My kids started coming out and I got to show them this awesome making of history meanwhile my husband had grabbed binoculars and was watching a certain grouping of lights that had a large star beam type of light. What he explained he saw was a cluster of orbs with Blue and White neon type of lights. He described them as "cloud like" and "see through" and from the bottom was were the BRIGHT RAY of light was coming from. We ALL watched in aww as the small orbs disappeared past our view and the larger cloud like UFO moved with a sequenced white, blue, white, blue, white, moved across the horizon before finally disappearing into the night. Not 2 seconds later, we could hear helicopters and airplanes before we could see them. What was strange is that it seemed that they were trying to "mock" what we saw. The lighting, they way the airplanes were flipping upside down to show a bright beam that seemed to disappear....but the difference was THERE WAS NO SOUND with the others. You could VERY PLAINLY hear them coming from a mile away, especially, in the dark, quiet country in which we live. One thing I falied to point out in telling my story here, is the way in which the lights shined. With tower lights, it looks like a "ray"...the lights on these UFOs were "neon" looking. You could see darkness where there was no light, and the part that was lit up, did not "ray" out. It was VERY prominent lighting that comforted you. Whatever it was...my family...my WHOLE family, including children witnessed something that VERY FEW FOLKS will ever see. And for this, I am Thankful to tell my story!!
