{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-15 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491403","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68165","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3350,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/403/mufon-5491403.json","updb_database_id":5491403}
{cak} Star-like UFO over Brooklyn.

Last night, we where hanging out a group of friends at my friend's rooftop in Putnam St and Nostrand ave, in Brooklyn. NY. The sky was clear with only a few little clouds north east.
It was around four thirty am, we were chatting and I turned my head around to the west, I saw what I thought it was a star first. Inside me I felt something was off. Didn't realizing what was wrong yet, I thought to pull up my Iphone app that maps the night sky and can tell the name off stars and constellations. Because I thought It could be the north star but I don't know, something was weird, I couldn't see any other stars near by because luminescent pollution, plus that thing was bigger than the north star, in the wrong place and its light wasn't withe, was clearly yellow/orange. As all this thoughts are happening at once, one of our girlfriends decides to leave, so I take my eyes off the light, to say good night to my friend, It probably took three minutes or even less, when I decided to look back to the light on the west to use the app. 
To my surprise that thing had descend is moving and is about to pass right over us, still looks the same but is bigger now.
At this point I know is not a star because is moving so I tell my friends to look at it, we all look at it, I suggest it might be a satellite. But I had seen satellites before sailing at night in the sea, that couldn't be a satellite, conditions in Brooklyn are never right to star gaze and it was to big and flying too low and too slow. My feeling was that thing descend first in an approximate forty-five degree angle towards us and now it's on straight flight path north east...
We kept tracking the light and then, It brooke the flight path moving south east, then two seconds later back to north east, next second straight down, it dimmed disappeared, then about three seconds later reappeared, moved upwards and then ascended again in an forty something degree angle like it was gonna leave the atmosphere, until it faded away.

We were astounded by it, one of my friends said he first thought I was star before we noticed it was moving. All this took about eight minutes but that light had to be visible to us at least twenty to twenty five minutes since it first appeared in the sky. Right before and after we could see commercial airplanes flying by much higher, we could totally contrast those with the light we had just seen, meaning it was not an airplane, it made no noise and It wasn't flying fast, it kind of floated, always moving straight lines even when changing directions. It had no signaling lights like airplanes, it was just a big bright yellow dot passing by with no flickering, no way it could be an air ballon either or an elicopter.
