{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-04-06 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548403","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"10582","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2736,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/403/mufon-5548403.json","updb_database_id":5548403}
low lights over neighbors houses caught my eye - looked away - but a few seconds later - caught my eye again and it was closer than before

i was watching tv in my living room which has a large bay window facing the street. a object with lights caught my eyes. it's really hard to say what made me notice.( because the lights weren't that bright( sometimes when cars turn the corner they might have their high beams on and it reflects on my living room and i automatically turn to see. within 3 to 5 seconds the object caught my attention again and this time it was closer. i wouldn't swear to it but i kinda think it took a slight but deliberate turn towards my house (maybe because i had gotten up to look out the window). three to four seconds later it was coming towards my house. Now i could see the shape as it came closer. i was able to (only able ) to see the bottom and the outline (shape) . Here goes! for some reason it reminded me of a manta ray but rounded . this is why i am filing this report.  on the bottom of the object as it flew over , there were a total of five lighted bars in three rows. the first row = 1 horizontal white illuminated bar -  the second row = 3 vertical blue illuminated bars -  the third row = 1 horizontal red illuminated bar. as i am seeing this , i thought if i ever have to remember or want to remember this , i will never remember the proper sequence of colors but i will remembers that there were 3 rows and their breakdown.  the only other thing i have to say is . i am very familiar with planes (all kinds) helicopters etc.  oh and when if came over my house , if i had been on the roof i would have been able to touch it or come really close to touching. i scanned your data base hopeing i would discover what it was.  my feelings then and now / were/are  nothing to be afraid of and those rows (i just remembered that the rows might have changed colors because i reread what i wrote above and i didn't include green) i hope this object is common and that i've just never seen it before. this object was so close to my house , even with my tv on i should of heard or felt something and i did not.
