{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-10-20 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549403","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"4270","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5004,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/403/mufon-5549403.json","updb_database_id":5549403}
N.Miami, 163rd & collins ave.Teetered About 50ft up,glowed red in center,over intersection went behind Newport Hotel, dissapeared. Big as V.W.van.

Six of us in my girlfriends car in the parking lot of Neba's Roast Beef restaurant parking looking to score and then Rick said "Hey guy's look at that!" We all looked up above the median above Collins Ave. Coming toward the intersection moving 3to5mph.north, we jumped out and approached the security guard,(back then they had posted a security guard in the parking lot to stop drug dealing.) He was wearing a gun. We pointed it out and I swear to you he simply looked up at it, threw his hands up and said,"Well what do you want me to do?" after much cursing and screaming at everyone in the parking lot to look I kind of just stopped and stared at it and said to myself, you better look at it good now because you may never see anything like this again. It was silver like mercury and glass smooth with no sign of seams or windows or doors. About 15to16ft.in diameter the surface was so smooth it looked just like glass or mirror and reflected the streetlights,headlights and all from below,but it was glowing red in the center and on the bottom was a hole about 2ft. with a perfect flame coming out,and I mean perfect. It looked like a butane flame and the craft bobeled on it. It would rock forward then back to the center then rock to the left an back to the center then backward then up to the center then to the right then back to the center, just as if there were a jiroscope inside and it was balanceing by that. Then the most unbelieveable thing of all happened, I ran up to a couple walking down the sidewalk and hollered to look up at it. I swear to you they looked at it and looked at each other then back at me and said "Oh yea, cool huh!" then proceeded to walk down the road as if it was something that happened everyday. That was when I gave up, I mean I jumped into the car with the other five people I was with and we went south because it was one way on that side of the street and got down to the clearing in the medium to turn around and go north like the craft but it was bumper to bumper traffic and we basicly got ourselves stuck in traffic when the more intelligent thing to do would have been to follow on foot and walk under it and point it out to everyone in their car's and created a hundred or more witness's. It took me years to figure out how outragiously stupid we were for doing things the way we did, but were we being somehow controlled? Were we all being involved in some kind of experiment under control of the army core of engineers or the C.I.A. Since 1970 everyone I have told this to, my parents, my friend's even a preacher, has said "Well, geez guy you better cut back on that stuff you been smokin'." I have gone through nothing short of a whole education about of what I tell people about these things. That is I mean, the people that are so hard headed they would not believe in such things even if one landed in their front yard got out and offered the idiot's a tour of their ship! I know beyond the shadow of a doubt that our government knows everything that is going on. If we have sattelite's that can see everything going on on the ground (even in 1970 we had several hundred up there and alot of them were for domistic survalence, under President Nixon) how could they not see something like this? The simple answer is they can and have and are. I truely wonder, after hearing about some of the declassified records of the Army Corps. of Engineers releaseing a pnoumonia virus in Key West back in 1953 to test how it would effect the civilians as it was caried up the state by the breeze. If you check the records on the death's in 1952,(there were 2) then look at the ones in 1953,(there were 6) then compare it to the one's in 1954 there were 3. It has to make you wonder just what they are up to today. Do you think they found a concience and don't do anything like that anymore? We can only pray! I think it is truely amazing that people capture U.F.O.'s on video and yet some people as thick headed as James Oberg will still sit there with a straight face and say it is only mass halucination, it makes you wonder how much they pay him to make such a jack-ass of himself? Anyway, if you have faith and the common sence God gave a centipede you will know to simply be calm for it will all be all right!
