{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-05 20:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505598","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53246","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3636,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/598/mufon-5505598.json","updb_database_id":5505598}
Alternating red and white light (possible airplane?)

While driving south on the Yokosuka-Yokohama toll road between the #6 Zushi exit and the #7 Yokosuka exit, I noted an unusual alternating red and white side by side light pattern in the distance. This lights were within the approach pattern lane for airplanes heading for the Haneda airport and I noted other passenger airliners within the airspace around the lights in question. What struck me as unusual was that these lights were brighter and appeared either slightly larger or closer than the other aircraft in the area. They did not display characteristics that I normally noted with planes in an approach pattern. They were level, side by side, alternating red then white vice flashing, I noted no flashing strobe lights, no running lights, no internal cabin lighting. Additionally, the white light was a brilliant white and lacked the yellowish tinge common to airliner landing lights or cabin lights.They appeared to be lower than the other aircraft in the pattern, however I was not able to tell due to darkness. I observed them at a distance of what I speculate to be 10 to 16 miles away, based upon the location of the Haneda flight pattern from my position on the toll road. I briefly lost sight of it as I exited onto the #7 Yokosuka exit and entered the Honcho Yamanaka toll road. I sighted it again upon exiting the a tunnel on the toll road. It was now generally west of my location and appeared to positioned beyond the Yokosuka Naval Base. I estimate it was over Tokyo Bay, close to the Chiba peninsula. Upon first sight, the lights were moving to the left in a SE to N direction. Upon last sight they appeared stationary or were possibly moving away from me in a westerly direction, thus giving the illusion of being stationary.  I am a 22 year Navy veteran on active duty and have observed all manner of civilian and military aircraft during both day and night to include night time carrier approach. I am very familiar with both military and civilian aircraft patterns in the area and their general lighting configurations. These lights looked almost like building aircraft warning lights, but they were at a much higher altitude, were brighter, and were moving.

Additional Info:

Not likely to be a helicopter since I noted no running lights or strobing lights. Additionally it did not look like any military or civilian helicopters that I have observed at night in the past.

Temp: 9 degrees C. (noted by digital temp sign next to entrance of the Honcho Yamanaka toll road)

Angle of approx 36 degees determined by iPod clinometer application.

Haneda flight pattern location and determined by iPod flight radar application.

Distance from first sighting location to general area of Haneda approach pattern measured by Google earth.

Weather: slight overcast obscuring moon in the East. No reflection from ground lighting noted, visibility at sea level approx 28 miles. Based upon Tokyo landmarks being clearly visible from the north end of the Yokosuka naval base.
