{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-02-03 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455598","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106011","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2494,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/598/mufon-5455598.json","updb_database_id":5455598}
{tjd} Hovering, crescent shaped craft near airport

I saw a weird, round shaped, orange light at a fixed point while driving. I could watch this light hover over the treeline and over the city as I drove, a trip over 4 miles. It looked round in shape, with yellow-orange lights at the top, eventually becoming clearer as two wideset yellow lights, and a red light that was sometimes steady and sometimes blinked. 

When I parked, it was still in the same place. My dad and I watched it for a few minutes and then it started moving slowly toward us. 

We live on an airport flight path, but planes do not approach from the southeast to move northeast to the airport, they always go around to the east of us to line up with the runway northwest. Planes usually fly over the backyard neighborhood, moving from roughly south east to northwest, not over our driveway going roughly southeast to northeast. 

It seemed to stay at the same elevation as it hovered, and as it eventually started moving. The only change is that the yellow lights turned off as it got closer to us. I have never seen a plane turn off the lights before approaching the airport.

It flew directly over us and made no sound at all. There was a blue light emanating from the top of it, so as it passed over us, I could see the shadow of the craft. It had no lights on the underside, which isnt usually the case with most planes that fly to the airport.

The shape looked mostly round, with a crescent shape taken out of the "back" of it. I didnt have my phone or a camera to take a photo so I did a rough sketch of it on my phone later.

It was cold and we were uncomfortable (and creeped out) so my dad and I went inside while the craft was still moving slowly over our house. I was watching that light for roughly 25 mins altogether. When we got inside, for about a half hour, I had a bit of a headache but it cleared up.
