{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-19 03:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524598","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31238","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2824,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/598/mufon-5524598.json","updb_database_id":5524598}
Very Bright Object Passes East to West Beside Moon with Jupiter Nearby

At 3:05 AM on August 19th, 2011 in North Seattle, WA, I stepped outside my front door which faces northeast. The skies were very clear. I was observing Jupiter1s nightly transit toward the moon, which was by rough estimate, 13 degrees to the north and a few degrees above the moon. At this time, I was shocked to see a very bright white object, much brighter than Jupiter.  The object was coming from below (East) and to the south of the moon. It appeared slightly ovoid, with no flashing or undulating light. It was obviously very high up.
 I yelled urgently for my companion to come see, and he bolted to the door. I hope I didn1t wake my neighbors with my exclamations of shock. As a lifetime night owl and sky watcher, this was something out of the ordinary.
 The object came from below and to the right of the moon on an East to West trajectory, traveling at a rate of speed similar to that of the ISS.  Upon investigation I found that this could not be the ISS, which travels West to East. I have witnessed the ISS several times. This object1s brightness was greater. Because trees blocked my view, (the object rose to above the trees to clear sky), the length of travel that I witnessed was about 20 degrees.

I withheld any real excitement until I checked satellite transits, although I have never seen a satellite this large or bright, including NASA for ISS transits on this date. The ISS was to make a pass at 23:21:23 to 23:31:43 on 8/19/11, but the opposite direction of what I saw, and not the right time.  I could find nothing, satellite or otherwise, which should have been flying over, anywhere near the time or on the path of what I saw. 
Although I didn1t know how to report it at the time, from this same location approximately 1 year ago, also in the am hours, I saw an event that wasn1t physically possible by humans. I saw what I thought was a satellite or high altitude jet, going South to North from my same location. Without changing speed, it did a right angle turn in the sky. A second or two later, it did another right angle turn back to the direction it had come from, then instantly sped to three times faster and out of sight.
