{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-06-01 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549598","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"2956","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2203,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/598/mufon-5549598.json","updb_database_id":5549598}
Saw a Small silent multi-lighted object, close and

It was about 11 pm in mid-June, 1979. I do not recall the exact date. Also,the Latitude and Longitude are guesses using Internaitonal Falls, I do not knowthem for Rosea County, MN. There was a gentle breeze and a moonless, but clearnight.I was standing at the Eastern edge of my dads farmyard getting some air after acard game. Our land was located about 17 miles East of Roseau, closer to Salol,Hemmingson Farm. I happened to look at the ditch grade on the field East of ourland, owned by one Billy Hagen, and saw this thing. I thought Plane orHelicopter, but it was silent. Then this crickets went quiet, too. I feltextreme wonder and NO fear. It moved towards me for some time, then stopped,and moved left. Then right, with NO verticle movement. It was small, and lowerthan tree top level. The lights pulsed in a circular fashion and I think it wasround, like a sphere judging by those lights. For a while it sort of hungthere, and at no time did I feel anything but wonder and awe. Then it suddenlyshot WAY upwards, and disappeared OVER the Western horizon, so fast I couldhardly turn my head to see it sreaking off in a flash of light and sinking downWestward. I must have looked a bit odd because when I told my dad Id just seen aUFO he came right outside and stood there with me as I told him about it. Numeorus reports had been made in Roseau in the summers before this one. Ireport it now at the encouragement of a counselor who works with abductioncases, and knows some the Roseau county reports. I met him at a conventionrecently, and he suggested I write.
