{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-09-26 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489598","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70014","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2420,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/598/mufon-5489598.json","updb_database_id":5489598}
witnessed 2 bright orange glowing spheres that hoverd on the lake's water surface

I'm not sure if you'd be interested in my story as it's 40 years old. In any event, back when I was 10 years old, myself and three friends temporarily borrowed a neighbor's row boat for a bit of a joy ride out on the lake (Maynard's Lake in Dartmouth, Nova Scotia) Upon returning the boat, I happened to look over my left shoulder where my attention was immediately drawn to a bright glow out in the middle of the lake. What was odd was we didn't hear or see anything land and a minute prior there was nothing there!! I said to my friends "what the heck is that?" What we all saw was two Brightly glowing orange sphere's. They were side by side with the one on the right sat just in front of the left one and overlapped it by approximately 50 to 60 percent. They were identical in height (30-35 feet high). They sat there on the water I suppose you could call it hovering so the very bottom of the sphere's just kissed the water's surface, all the while making no sound of engines or propulsion systems of any kind. What was odd was the sphere's glowed but did not cast light as to light up the area, they just seemed to glow from within. After observing for a minute or two and getting the hell scared out of us we paddled as fast as we could back to shore and almost to the shore I noticed the sphere on the right shot straight up which was immediately followed by the left one. After ascending to a few hundred feet, they both instantly shot off about 75-80 degrees to the right at a blinding speed and had completely disappeared within a few seconds. We never told our parents in fear of getting in trouble for "borrowing" the neighbor's boat without their knowledge. Not much else for details but it happened exactly as I mentioned here.
