{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-09-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465598","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95165","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2414,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/598/mufon-5465598.json","updb_database_id":5465598}
Huge white plane going faster than I1ve ever seen. Stopped and seemed to spin and become reflective. Thought it was nosediving. Disappeared! Did this twice.

Talking on phone looking out my big window that faces east towards Okanagan Lake. At first I thought it was a huge white plane traveling down the lake southwards towards Penticton, BC. This is the route all the planes take so I wasn1t really concerned as I see this several times a day and at night. However, I did wonder what kind of a plane it was because it was very big and white and seemed to be traveling too fast. The sun was behind me shining eastward as it lowered over the hills. Suddenly this 1plane1 stopped mid air, and appeared to be making a very sharp spinning turn. As this happened the sunlight reflected off of it and I actually thought it was going into a nose dive. I told my friend I1d call her back, hung up the phone and grabbed my binoculars which were on the window ledge. The thing was no longer visible! I screamed for my husband to come up and see it. It appeared again, performed the same manouvre, and disappeared again! He did not get to witness it. I ran outside with my binoculars to try and visualize it again, but it was nowhere to be seen. However, when I got out there I did hear the sound of an aircraft and it was very loud. We1ve had fires here all summer, and I thought it sounded like the water bombers that flew over this area during that time. I did not however, see an aircraft or the object again. As this event was unfolding I was feeling completely amazed that I was witnessing a UFO. I was stunned to see such an unusual display of maneuverability and shocked when it disappeared. When it happened again, I knew I was witnessing something amazing. I am most eager to learn whether anyone else saw this event.
