{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-11 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500598","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58501","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3358,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/598/mufon-5500598.json","updb_database_id":5500598}
{cak} Multiple circular objects, some in formation and others not

On July 11, 2014 between the hours of 8:45 and 9:00 PM lasting roughly 30-45 minutes, my family and I witnessed a series of reddish-orange lights flying over the treetops while camping in Lebanon, Maine. 

We were standing in the middle of a field in the campground while our children were participating in an activity when I noticed out of the corner of my eye a formation of lights become visible over the treetops. At first glance I would gather there were about a dozen or more of these lights flying in formation, some in a straight line and others in a single file behind the other formation. At first, I figured that it may be a formation of helicopters returning from a military exercise. There was music playing so I was not able to hear any noise coming from them, hence the reason for believing it was just a helicopter formation.

After about 10 minutes of witnessing these lights, and as the event wrapped up, the music stopped, at which point I noticed for the amount of objects I was witnessing, there wasn't a single bit of noise coming from them at all. At this time, there were well over 20-25 of them passing overhead in varied formations and the noise would have been rather loud for a helicopter formation. My girlfriend, son and myself were looking at these objects and I said that there was no way that what we were seeing was a helicopter formation as they were completely silent. I kept telling them that this was not normal to not hear a single sound for the amount of objects we were seeing. All the time while watching these lights, as they became distantan as bright as they were, they suddenly dimmed out as if they weren't there.

After about 20-25 minutes, the activity had seemed to slow down as we were all walking back to our campsite, however looking up at the sky they were coming at roughly 15-20 second intervals in a single file formation once again still no noise. At this point I started to get a little of that uneasy feeling because I could not explain what it was that I was seeing. 

We made it back to camp and lit our fire, meanwhile you could still see what I would describe as "stragglers" coming about every 2 minutes or so. What finally made me realize that what was happening wasn't normal, the last light I saw through the trees was flying at a different direction more to the right of the original formations, then came to a stop and made an abrupt "course correction" to the left where the other objects were seen going. 

I tried to film these objects when I got back to camp as I left my phone there charging in my vehicle, however the quality of the phone and the thick canopy of the trees would not allow me to capture these on video.
