{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-13 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528598","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26969","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2299,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/598/mufon-5528598.json","updb_database_id":5528598}
helicopter traveling a high speed chasing solid white ball of light

I heard only the helicopter. I looked up to see it. It was very loud and I thought it might be military since we live near Pendleton. It was traveling at a very high rate of speed. When I looked more closely, I saw that there was a solid white ball of light a distance in front of the helicopter. I could not tell how high the white light was. It seemed high. The helicopter seemed lower in contrast. The helicopter and the white light were traveling a similar speed. A consistent distance was maintained between the two throughout the sighting. I could not hear any sound other than the helicopter. The helicopter had a red (navigation?) light on it. The solid white light was all that was visible of the object that was in front of the helicopter. The white ball of light traveling in front of the helicopter was smaller and dimmer than the red light on the helicopter. The white light traveled in pretty much a straight line as a meteor would, but the light itself was completely consistent in intensity throughout its trip across the sky. Also the light was a round shape in contrast to a meteor which has a tear drop shape. The light was dimmer than a meteor normally is. I watched it travel across the sky until it crossed the horizon out of view. It took the light and the helicopter less than 2 minutes and probably closer to 1 minute to travel 90-120 degrees across the sky. The sky was totally clear with stars very visible. The craft and the helicopter traveled North to South. I was facing east when I watched them. It was approximatively over the 15 freeway as it passes through the east edge of Fallbrook / Bonsall.
