{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-15 18:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283598","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119838","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5720,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/598/mufon-5283598.json","updb_database_id":5283598}
what appeared to be a plane, then a helicopter, suddenly became a triangle

We left our house by Medina Lake to go to Burger King in Helotes. We reached Bandera road off of PR 37 at 6:17 or so. We turned right and drove towards town. There was a constant cloud cover, with gaps at times where you could see the moon, and venus off to the right. 
After we passed Schotts Meat market my wife noticed a plane fly over head, over our left shoulder towards San Antonio. It seemed to be flying straight, but everytime we looked up it also seemed like it was going in a different direction. Kind of thought it was a trick of the eye, or just in relation to our cars positional changes.
At the first viewing it looked just like a plane, with two steady lights and the blinking lights. Next i saw it going from left to right and there was a prominent red light with multiple other lights. Still looked like a plane. Before we got to Burger King it had circled around and was coming towards us, from right to left and looked more like a helicopter with a bright light in front, with red blinking light on the back end.
We ordered our food and parked on the south side of the burger king at the shell station on bandera and 1560 in Helotes.
It was approximately 6:35 at this point.
We saw the plane flying over the burger king at about 45 degrees from our position towards San antonio. I mentioned to my wife that i would love to have a transponder app to see if planes are what they seem, because [removed name] wrote about UFO's disguising themselves as planes.  As i'm saying this, we both look out to the right and see the plane moving more to the right towards the city, and all you can see is what looks like 4 to 5 lights turning on in a sequence from left to right and then back right to left in a semi-circle. I am still somehow convinced it's a plane, and remarked on how weird it was.
We finished eating, and left out the back way through old helotes back onto bandera road heading back to PR 37. 
At about 6:50 we were passing the district 7 fire station on the left hand side, right before you come to a really big hill in the road on the right. The plane was now coming back from over my left shoulder crossing in front of the car towards the right. Had normal plane lights. I look to the road and my wife is watching it and talking about it. I look up and to the right and now all i can see is 1 light that is pinpoint small and super bright that is blinking really rapidly, like what i would assume an SOS on a boat looks like. The light seems like it is just shy of the cloud bank, and almost past the hill to the right. We are halfway up the hill and starting to curve to the left. Then my wife makes a sound and i look up. The plane has turned all the way around and is coming towards the city again, but now it looks like i can see the front nose of a plane and two bright headlights. I held my hand up and the lights were 4 fingers apart at arms length. It was very odd. 
We came up over the hill and my wife decides it is time to take a video. she has the phone out and tries to take a picture as we come down over the other side of the hill. The flash goes off and she curses then starts to fumble with it to turn the flash off. She holds the phone up again, and I crane my head over to look through the passenger window. I see very clearly three white lights in a triangle formation, with one light on top and two on the bottom. I say "what the fuck, is that a triangle?". She takes a picture of it, and starts to take a video. 
I am in the far left lane and going 72 miles per hour and am considering pulling over but i hesitate.
We go straight and around the bend by Schotts meat market before I finally pull over.
I get out of the car and look around trying to find the plane but don't see anything.
We drive forwards a little until we reach our turn on PR 37. I make a u-turn and pull over to the right facing San Antonio. I roll down the window. Now it is about 6:55 and from San Antonio comes a fighter jet right below the cloud cover. It flies roughly along highway 16 very quickly. I can clearly hear it and it has the telltale red lights and sound of a fighter jet. I then realize that I never heard the plane. Not once.

We turned back around and went home then spent about 15 minutes outside looking to see anything but it was just clouds and Venus from that point on LOL.

The picture that my wife took and the video both show a purple light.  We at no point saw a purple light. not even the color purple. It made no sense and is infuriating. When she took the picture I was looking right at it. It was three bright lights facing right towards us in a triangle shape. Which also made no sense because the two headlights should have been facing towards san antonio because we just saw it heading in that direction before we passed it...
I am so confused and flabbergasted.
