{"created_utc": "2026-08-26T10:22:15Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 110086, "source_file": "DOE-NNSA-UAP-UFO/pdfs/deputy-secretary-of-defense-memorandum-on-unidentified-aerial-phenomena-assessments.pdf", "source_sha256": "99711c4f3aac06659c0de54bf6f69c735dd79a509fd6b85183748a1fbf884389"}

DEPUTY SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
                               1010 DEFENSE PENTAGON
                              WASHINGTON , DC 20301-1010


MEMORANDUM FOR SENIOR PENTAGON LEADERSHIP
               COMMANDERS OF THE COMBATANT COMMANDS
               DEFENSE AGENCY AND DOD FIELD ACTIVITY DIRECTORS

SUBJECT: Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Assessments

         A recent report from the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI)
highlights the current challenges associated with assessing Unidentified Aerial Phenomena
(UAP) occurring on or near DoD training ranges and installations. It is critical that the United
States maintain operations security and safety at DoD ranges. To this end, it is equally critical
that all U.S. military aircrews or government personnel report whenever aircraft or other devices
interfere with military training. This includes the observation and reporting of UAPs.

        The report also confirmed that the scope of UAP activity expands significantly beyond
the purview of the Secretary of the Navy, who heads the Unidentified Aerial Phenomena Task
Force (UAPTF), and suggested process improvements to ensure timely collection of consistent
data on UAP. Consistent with these recommendations and to improve partnership with the
ODNI and other non-DoD organizations, I direct the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense
for Intelligence and Security to develop a plan to formalize the mission currently performed by
the UAPTF. The plan should:

       1. Establish procedures to synchronize collection, reporting and analysis on the UAP
          problem set, and to establish recommendations for securing military test and training
          ranges.

       2. Identify requirements for the establishment and operation of the new activity, to
          include the organizational alignment, resources and staffing required, as well as any
          necessary authorities and a timeline for implementation.

       3. Be developed in coordination with the Principal Staff Assistants, the Chairman of the
          Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Secretaries of the Military Departments, and the
          Commanders of the Combatant Commands and with the DNI and other relevant
          interagency partners.

         All members of the Department will utilize these processes to ensure that the UAPTF, or
its follow-on activity, has reports of UAP observations within two weeks of an occurrence.


                                                                    ~
