{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1974-10-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5181067","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"1pbje8l","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5181067,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
UFO  Chased By  KC-135 TankerNational
Military Command Center doc page #2:
"SAC (Lt. Col. Giordano) reports that an unidentified
helicopter with no lights case up over the back gate of Wurtsmith and
hovered over the Weapons Storage Area and then moved on. RAPCON had it
painted for a short period. A tanker at 2700 feet had visual and skin
paint out over Lake Huron for about 20 miles heading SE. Tanker reports
he thinks he saw a second skin paint. The tanker lost all contact about
35 miles SE of the base over the lake. Tanker is still flying trying to
locate by means of telephonic search with FAA and RAPCON. Increased
security initiated at Wurtsmith."

Larry Fawcett/Barry Greenwood:
Oct. 30, 1975; Wurtsmith AFB, MI
At 10:14, 10:20, and 10:25 p.m., at the back gate of Wurtsmith,
security
police reported to the command post that an unidentified helicopter
with no lights came up over the back gate and hovered over the weapons
storage area at a low altitude. Security police of the 379th security
police squadron in the weapons storage area could not make out the type
of craft. The craft started to move towards the northern perimeter
where its lights were again turned on. Sergeant James A. Miller of the
Wurtsmith security police reported his
observations of the unknown craft while on duty in the weapons storage
area. He stated that he heard the sound of a possible helicopter coming
from an area off the base toward the north. He thought he had heard the
sound of a flying helicopter fifteen minutes earlier, but he didn't
report it. As he listened, the noise became drowned out by a military
jet, and
when the jet passed out of range, the original noise had stopped. No
other similar sounds were heard. Security police at the weapon storage
area notified Colonel John J.
Doran, Vice Commander, 379th Bomb Wing, that the guard posted at the
back gate had reported what he thought was a helicopter overhead. The
command post notified Col. Boardman (wing commander) and Col. Doran,
and they proceeded to the flight line. It was at this time that Radar
Approach Control (RAPCON) reported low-flying objects on their radar
scope. They tracked the craft for approximately thirty-five miles on a
southeastern bearing from Wurtsmith.

Detailed reports and documents
reports/751030wurtsmith_rep.htm (Fran Ridge)
Wurtsmith Air Force Base Sighting
(documents) -
(Clear Intent by Larry Fawcett & barry Greenwood)
Wurtsmith
Documents (FOIA) in pdf (Fran Ridge)
