{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-07 20:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491590","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67974","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2824,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/590/mufon-5491590.json","updb_database_id":5491590}
{dr}The light turned into an object through my binoculars

At approximately 8:05 pm on Wednesday, July 7, 2015 while at a baseball game a Southwest Airline plane flew over the stadium heading due west. We call it the SWA flyover. A bright light caught my attention just left of the SWA plane, glowing very brightly and appeared to be coming toward the ballpark. The light was very "star" like in brightness and appeared out of place. As the SWA plane continued west the light became brighter and looked like it was coming closer. I pointed my binoculars at the light and expected to see a helicopter or plane with landing lights but instead saw only a bright light with no contrail, such as we see when a jet is going by. I motioned to my friend that he should look at the light and he too put his binocular on it and said "what is that?". I said I didn't know. Our attention returned to the game but then a minute later we noticed the light getting closer. What I saw was a very brightly reflective object that was in the shape of a sideways tear drop, more like a very bright kidney bean shape. Through the binocular I could see what appeared to be white "windows", kind of misty or unfocused shimmering in the middle of the object. It appeared to hover then in a blink started to ascend back towards the SE or to my 10 o'clock setting as I saw it and was gone in nothing flat. I have a vivid recollection of the shape and the brightness and how quickly it came and went. As I think about the shape it resembled the pictures I've seen of the shinny art piece in Chicago that looks like chrome. I and my other witness both agreed that we saw something, that it appeared and disappeared quickly and are both sort of wanting it to appear again. It has not. Others may have seen the light but they did not have binoculars like the two of us did, but there is no one who doesn't think we witnessed a very unusual object that came and left. 
I have had a "happy" feeling about the sighting, whatever that means. I actually feel special in some sort of funny way that I am a witness to whatever it was. I don't know why I feel this way but there is absolutely no fear from seeing it. I can sketch what I saw because it's very real to me.
