{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-08 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284590","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118828","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3332,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/590/mufon-5284590.json","updb_database_id":5284590}
Constant, stationary green glow that protruded through clouds.

On April 8, 2020 at approximately 9 pm. I heard a lot of wind and decided to head outside to observe what seemed like an oncoming storm. After walking outside, I noticed a lot of wind and clouds heading in from the North. There was a lot of low level rolling cloud activity and I could feel light droplets of water swirling through the air. It was then I noticed a green glow emitting from the clouds to the Northwest of my location. The glow seemed faint at first, I almost didn't notice it. After focusing on the light for about a minute, I realized that it was strange and out of character. The light seemed to be shining down through the clouds, not a reflection of any kind. It was also not in the area where the Moon would have been. It remained stationary. After observing for a few minutes, I ran inside to grab my then fiance, now Wife Melissa. She watched it with me and we both agreed we had no idea what this was. Not stadium lights, not the Moon, not a plane, it was stationary and clouds whirling near it and all around the sky. The following day, my Wife showed me some posts on Facebook from a local Mom's group and a garage sale group where people were wondering what the heck this thing was. The photos I have attached are from multiple angles, including directly beneath it so you know it was not a reflection from stadium lights. When you look at this photos from different angles, its clear the light is originating from above the clouds. The first few photos are mine, the others are what my Wife found on Facebook.  If there is an explanation, even a simple one, please contact me as this experience has stuck with me and I think about it from time to time. Thanks!
