{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489590","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70022","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6019,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/590/mufon-5489590.json","updb_database_id":5489590}
{dr}Flame dragon in space!! my friend saw it too. we both looked at it through the telescope

As I often do, I walked outside at night, not to smoke a cigarette, but to look up at the stars and perhaps catch a glimpse of something beyond.

I saw it there, in the sky, and then i pointed my telescope at it, which is not a very stable or powerful telescope... but there it was, a long plasma trail in space which wormed around wobbling and changing colors, not fast, like a cuttlefish, but more slowly, like some kind of olympic fire fueled by atomic vorticity.

[Object size was approximately like bigger than a star but not wider than two closely spaced stars. Maybe could have fit four or five stars in the fieldofview-space that the object took up.]

And then I called my friend cause I had to have him see this thing too, just so I wasn't the only one standing out there like all quiet and stuff at night time looking at the sky through my telescope in disbelief like some kind of dude scrub who is trying to throw rocks at a weather balloon and avoid falling satellite debris. Nope, this was a real thing that happened, and so......

I told my friend I had a free beer for him if he would come over here and get it.

So.

I first noticed it (the object) when the light hit my eyes. [q(pt)2]
At first, I thought it was aliens in space.
Then I realized, aliens probably wouldn't be on fire.

So, real talk, at first, I thought, "I think this is some kind of a biological plasmoid organism with radiation runoff like spectrally"
And I thought...
What do aliens really do? Do they launch light beacons out at night to look all like firey dragon stuff? Do They Apprehend the occultation of their zone of space from the sun by the earth? Of course they do! But like, who are the aliens? But I digress.

This thing was not a ship full of aliens. It was some kind of plasma trail. But, it did not dissipate quickly, it remained there, even after we went inside. (*actually my friend just went home.) We weren't just going to stand there looking at it forever, and I didn't have any astro photography equipment whatsoever. I tried to capture a video of it on my old phone through the scope and I got a few dozen shaky frames actually, but it was obviously nothing like seeing it for yourself and so i consider the footage to be useless and to be honest im not sure whether the flash memory on the phone still retains the footage.

But I thought, with the way that it moved, and its appearance, that it WAS alive, not just a vehicle on fire, or like, a double car bus, on the way to a room with a moose, no, i felt like it was a creature, out in space, and I was surprised frankly

that nobody else had photographed or seen it or noticed it other than me and my friend

because it was a beautiful thing and i wish i could have captured my experience more accurately and completely

if i see something like it again this lifetime i won't be too surprised about the skepticism surrounding it but it was crystal clear to me at least, this was some kind of.... wait for it... Short Description of UFO Event (25 words or less)::::: "Flame dragon in space!!"

[i am not a professional astronomer. i don't make any claims as to be pro at astronomy. i don't have a degree in astronomy. im not sure what all of the stars are called, and im not sure which constellations you're talking about, but........ i do have good eyesight. and im scientifically minded. i wish i could have caught the spectral signature of it over time, perhaps there was some kind of significance mathematically or otherwise.]

[personally? i believe that binocular vision works fine, and i could clearly see that this was not really an earth bound object. maybe if i had tracked it against the earth's movement i would have known whether it was or was not in orbit with the earth. i suppose if it were a terrestrial object it wouldn't have looked like it was HUGE and IN SPACE.]

[i really saw this thing.]

]* but it's interesting though ya know? i haven't thought about it much until now, but i've seen some other things, like, star-like ufos all the time, but this wasn't one. and i wouldn't believe it if somebody told me my experience wasn't real because it Could have been aurora borealis corona effects. yeah, okay, my friend had a beer. does this mean i was drunk and hallujenating? nope. straight up, this was some FLAME DRAGON IN SPACE ish

and i'm going to submit it to mufoncms.com/cgi-bin/report_handler.pl
and i'm not an unethical hacker and i don't really care about any sketchy paranoid fictions surrounding !!seeing things in space!!
go ahead and email me about this but i've already told you my story and
im not letting MUFON interview me unless it's really MUFON, ya herd.

But! I don't give you the permission to post this on 1) tv, 2) radio unless i am aware of the time of the broadcast 3) internet unless i am aware before you hit post 4) press releases 5) website use unless that's how the SEARCH works already 6) print media unless it is excerpted and edited professionally 7) or any unlawful use i.e. commercial considerations not provided

I don't wave anything or release any claims or actions against MUFON but I don't have any claims or actions against MUFON other than reporting FLAME DRAGON IN SPACE!! for the millionth time, that's the title of the thing

and im out!
