{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-16 20:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283590","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119847","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2355,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/590/mufon-5283590.json","updb_database_id":5283590}
Extremely bright object, shaped like a cigar, moving very slow

Walked outside to ensure our gate was locked, as our dogs wanted to go outside. When checking the gate, I noticed an extremely bright light on the other side of the mountain. Object was incredible bright, moving very slowly right to left. I observed the object for a few minutes, then rushed inside to get my phone so I could get a picture. Object was moving towards a tall tree in a straight line, then as the object passed behind the tree, started descending below the mountain, out of view. I took a couple of photos, but only the first pic managed to capture the object. When I looked at the first photo, I could see a dark shape above the bright light. Note: When viewing the bright object, I did not notice any dark shape in the sky. Visibility was excellent, so I don't know why the camera picked up this dark shape, when I didn't see this with my eye. When I looked at my second picture, the bright object had moved out of view and the dark shape had disappeared. My first guess was that the dark shape was a reflection of the object, but if it was a reflection, then the reflection should have been visible in my second photo. The bright white object was moving too slow to be a plane or a meteor. Could not have been a weather balloon, as we had quite a strong breeze, which would have affected a balloon's path, and was not a helicopter as the shape was quite clearly defined and there was no sound. Note: As the picture was taken at a distance, picture requires zooming in to see properly. I have tried to transfer the picture from my Samsung phone, but the picture becomes pixelated. Not sure how to upload a clear image. Please advise how I can upload the picture with the same clarity as my phone.
