{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-26 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493590","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65922","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2392,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/590/mufon-5493590.json","updb_database_id":5493590}
{dr}Extremely unsettling.Felt very vulnerable.

Having just cleaned up from Thanksgiving, myself and my wife were watching a little television. I went to our bedroom to change into sleepwear when an out-of-place light caught my attention. I've lived at this address my whole life so I'm used to all the lights and neighbors and goings on. This CRAFT was the most amazing electric blue color. The shape of this object was like a Christmas bell and it was slightly tilted forward as it floated slowly in a southerly direction. It appeared to be about three times taller than wide. It had a thin band of a row of squares going counter clock-wise at the base. Two thirds of the way at the top of it, it had another thin band of the same shapes going clock-wise. Mind-blown, I call and hurry to get my wife to come and see this thing. By the time she and I returned to the window, maybe 20 seconds. It had gone from a quarter-mile to what I guess is about 3 miles but had changed from blue to white and there were two others. They stayed stationary, they were what looked like to me shooting Ping-Pong ball like lights back and forth to each other. The light on far right got really bright and steadily descended out of sight, the other two stayed motionless. After what I guess to be about 2 or 3 minutes the 3rd object raises straight up they begin ping ponging lights back and forth again maybe two or three times each. Then they began from right to left began to blink toward the west in about quarter mile intervals. Till this day I had never witnessed anything like this and thought it was just hoopla, since this experience I have had two others. I just wanted to get some peace of mind by filing this report. I would really like to talk with someone about this experience and the two others I've had.
