{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-10-15 04:52:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287868","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115504","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3347,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/868/mufon-5287868.json","updb_database_id":5287868}
Glowing orb moving varies speeds, no sound, beach ball sized, seemed conscious, got within 30 feet of me.

I heard my dogs barking around 4:45 am so I went to the back door to check on them. A streak of light caught my eye and I first thought it was a shooting star, but it was moving a bit slower than that and lasted way longer than the typical shooting star. It then made a 45 degree turn and looked like it landed behind my uncles garage in a horse field. All the sudden I noticed a glowing aura moving behind some pine trees circling a pond on our property. It continued moving closer to my home out into an opened field and I then realized it was a glowing orb. The orb was hovering about 5 feet off the ground, raising and lower with the terrain. It even reacted to a broke down van as it back up like it was curious and then raised up and over the van following its shape. At this point,, I'm standing frozen with the door half open in shock the same as if a bear was that close and I didn't want it to notice me. It then continued to move closer to my home, still no sound whatsoever coming from it,, as I stood there stunned and motionless. As it approached my dog Baby, she barked directly at it and it jerked back and up in a startled manner, almost like it was staring at her for probably 20 seconds. She stood there looking up at this orb with her jaw opened now in silence. It was now within 30 feet of me and moving very slow, just casually checking things out. The size was similar to a beach ball and the color i would describe as white,, red and orange plasma or lava like, It turned parallel to my mobile home and started to head up the hill. It went halfway up the hill and stopped, turned back around towards me again, and it immediately stopped in its tracks and it had seemed to have noticed me standing there at my back door. At that point, I felt busted and decided I had seen enough and flung the back door opened to scare it and ran to grab my sleeping fiancé at the time and pulled her to the back door to let her see what I had been seeing. Within the 30 seconds it took me to grab my now wife and get back to the door, the orb was racing off to the NW in a rush! My wife only seen the orb racing away, but she remembers that she heard no sound and there was no flashing. This orb moved effortlessly, with no sound and could probably reach any speed it wanted.. I have no idea what I witnessed and the encounter has left me confused. I still get goosebumps every time I re-talk about it. I just want to share my experience so it is on record because it was a very clear encounter that lasted a few minutes and affects me to this day. The encounter lasted from around 4:45 am to exactly 4:52 am and was somewhere in October 2009.
