{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-23 05:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488868","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70769","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3052,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/868/mufon-5488868.json","updb_database_id":5488868}
{rjl} seen many star like ufos hovering in sky. filmed one one phone and much more was revealed during filming of many ufos erratic hovering and flying and changing many colors. We see it all the time and decided to record it.

For the past year my friend and I have been looking up in the sky and noticing a lot of activity. At first it looked like many stars that we were gazing at and then we started to notice them moving around almost like a school of fish at times, blinking, or buzzing around. At first it seemed like one or two UFOS but it was almost like they new we were looking and they started to reveal theirselves more and more. Lately we have been seeing more dramatic events. Like brighter closer UFOS and or colorful blinking UFOs. Most of the time they hover and then erratically buzz around in the sky then hover some more and so forth. Early this morning we decided to record it. We focused in a bright red star-like UFO. Once we started recording it, it started moving around and changing from one color to the next of the rainbow. But what was more amazing is that the camera was picking up on many smaller blue lights or UFOS flying allover the surrounding area of the colorful UFO that our naked eye was not seeing. I recorded a couple other videos of a disc like UFO over last few days that was extremely bright and moving rapidly in one place. Like an energy force was helping it hover and move in one area. But the energy force was moving very rapidly. I will post both videos. It never really stopped we just stopped recording after a while. Although we do notice after the sun rises we no longer see anything. After seeing this UFO activity and doing much research. I don't know what to think or if I should worry. It's as if they know we are watching them. And I wonder why they would they want us to see them and why it seems to get more and more revealing as time goes on. I somewhat am afraid of not knowing what alien race it is or why they are there. And the safety of the human race and our planet concerns me. So to give myself some type of comfort I decided to give the information we have seen to MUFON.
