{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-24 20:48:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480868","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79181","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3573,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/868/mufon-5480868.json","updb_database_id":5480868}
{cak} Had an urge to take photos off back lanai (deck), only saw flickering lights. Photos showed more.

I was home alone reading and I had an urge to go out and take photos of the sky. Weeks earlier I had gone outside to get some supplies from our outside storage and had seen some strange red lights in the sky but I had no phone. By the time I ran back upstairs to get a phone or camera it was gone.
 This time, I decided to take my phone and be ready. I could not see anything really clearly as it flickered and zipped back and forth.I really did not know what I was looking at.I have a series of photos of trails. One shot, however, came out really well. 
 At the time I was unsure what I had as I could not clearly see with my naked eye, it was not until I went back inside and looked at the photos in the dark that something odd showed up.
 As far as my feelings, well, I have always wanted to see a UFO and I actually am thrilled that the photo turned out...but at the time I just went back to bed. That how I felt, i.e. not all that thrilled till I looked at it with a photo app and pumped up the lighting.

Now, this is the really odd part. Yesterday I was doing my everyday Kawaihau walk before dinner and the sunset was great. I took a bunch of photos and it seems I caught something again.

Now I wish i had reported this when it first happeded because I feel like I am going to come off as some kind of fraud.

I will send the ones from 9/14 tomorrow. It's kinda freaking me out.

If you put the photos into Microsoft picture manager ( I know, it's lame.) And hit auto-correct it pumps the light.

I have a entire series.

'I, Jay Dorrance, UNDERSTAND that by posting my pictures, audio, or video (media) files to this website, I am granting to MUFON (The Mutual UFO Network), its agents, employees, and assigns, the right and permission to the same or any part of said media for any purpose MUFON deems necessary and/or appropriate, including, but not limited to, the following: (1) television broadcast; (2) radio broadcast; (3) internet broadcast and/or distribution; (4) press releases; (5) website use or promotion; (6) photo of the week; (7) print media; and, (8) any other lawful use of said media which MUFON sees fit. I hereby waive and release any claims or actions against MUFON for use of said media and agree to hold MUFON harmless for any injury or harm resulting or arising from any use by MUFON of said media. I further certify that I am the author/owner of the submitted media and that I am 18 years of age or olde
