{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-07-25 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503868","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55044","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4842,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/868/mufon-5503868.json","updb_database_id":5503868}
{kt}I witnessed a UFO flying over our neighborhood when I was a child.

1. I was in our backyard playing with some of the neighborhood children and was walking toward our home.

2. I noticed a glowing object out of the corner of my eye.

3. I knew it was nothing I had ever seen before and that it was not from our planet.

4. Described in detail below.

5. At first I stood silent, I was in awe of what I was witnessing. I was both amazed and excited. It was both beautiful and fascinating to watch.

6. Described in detail below.

I would also like you to know that I did take the abduction survey, and although I did not fit the criteria I would not rule out the possibility of something like that happening. I was quite young (around 12) and if something like that did occur maybe they did it in a way that I have no memory of it.

Below is a copy of an email I sent to Mr. Jan Harzan describing in detail what I witnessed that evening.

Hello Mr. Harzan,

My name is [name removed/CMS/kt] and I am completely fascinated with your show Hanger 1. And after watching the "Crashes and Cover-Ups" episode, especially the Linda Cortile segment of that episode I felt the need to contact you.
When I was a child (10-13 years old, I don't quite remember exactly) I lived with my family in West Bend, Wisconsin. My parents had some guests over one summer evening and us children were outside playing in the yard behind our house. We lived in a quiet neighborhood outside of town so there were not any street lights or things of that nature and it was around or just after dusk so there was not any direct sunlight any more. As we were playing I noticed something out of the corner of my eye. When I looked up I could not believe my eyes. I stood frozen in disbelief as I watched what could only be a UFO (a large illuminated yellow light with an illuminated white light in the center, as I seen it) flying only a few hundred feet over our neighborhood, then directly over our house, across our backyard and over our neighbors barn, where it then pointed upward and took off out of sight at an incredible rate of speed. All without making even the slightest noise. I immediately ran inside to tell my parents, who of course dismissed it as quickly as I told them.
Years later I began getting severe headaches, and I began to get very concerned thinking I might have a blood clot, or a tumor, or some other type of medical condition seeing as though the headaches were always concentrated in the exact same spot on the base of my skull to the right of my neck. I went to see a specialist and had several tests done including a CT Scan of my entire head. After future review of the results the doctor could find nothing wrong with me and could not explain my headaches, except to say it must be from physical or mental stress, or both. That is except for one tiny little thing that he couldn't explain. And I thought nothing of it until I watched the story about Linda Cortile this evening. The doctor said it looked as though there was a very small anomaly at the base of my skull, exactly where I told him that my headaches seem to come from. But he said it did not appear to be metal, it appeared more to be a calcium deposit in the skull or something of that nature. The headaches are not as frequent today, but I do still get them. And still in the exact same spot. And I have always wondered in the back of my mind. Did I really see what I think I did? I'm 99.9% sure I did, because I can describe it like it was yesterday. But if I really did see it. Could it be possible that they took me, planted a device in my skull and then brought me back without anyone ever knowing?

I may never really know. But regardless of what I or anyone else thinks about any of this. I will always believe that in all that vastness of space, we can not possibly be the only intelligent forms of life. And although we may never know. I hope that if we ever do find out someday, that it's in a peaceful manner and that we can help and learn from each other.

Please continue searching for the truth.

Thank you,
[name removed/CMS/kt] 

And although I have no pictures or drawings of what I witnessed, I can describe the event in exact detail.
