{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-30 00:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285868","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117531","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2431,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/868/mufon-5285868.json","updb_database_id":5285868}
Glowing red orb flew directly over head and carried on past the roof of my house where I lost sight

I am an amateur astronomer and late one night before going to bed I decided to take my binoculars outside to have a quick look at the sky. I was viewing Arcturus which at the time was in the Easterly sky high up just above the roof of my house. I was admiring the star and for some reason something caused me to turn the opposite direction and as I looked West just over the trees that line Garin Parkway I could see a red orb coming towards me. It was moving in a straight line and at first I thought it must be a satellite but I have never seen a red satellite before and later I would look up on Stellarium sky charting program to see if any satellites should've been in that area and there were none. Because I was outside to look at the stars I had my binoculars in my hands when I saw this orb so I waited until the orb came closer and as it was passing over head I put the binoculars up to my eyes and found the object. Once it was in my field of view the glow was gone and I could see the bottom of a disc shaped craft that had 5 oblong shapes that reminded me of flower pedals that were in a circle below this disc. The pedals were glowing red and everything else looked black against the sky I could only make out the 5 pedals glowing red. I pulled my binoculars back down and watched as the orb continued off in the direction of Arcturus over my roof past my sight line. I came inside I drew what I saw and recorded the time and date and then tried to see if I could find any satellites that might've been in the area at that time. I know for a fact this was not an airplane because the object made no noise at all.
