{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484868","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74931","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5751,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/868/mufon-5484868.json","updb_database_id":5484868}
{jpg} Observed bright orange/red orbs (10 of them) traveling from the North heading SW. One broke off from the others and flew directly over me. It's Orange/Red glow disappeared and there was a saucer shaped craft there.

I was at home on New Year's Eve and just after midnight I walked outside to take the dog out and listen to all the fireworks and gunfire going off in the area. I had been standing in our back yard by the North facing side of our house when I noticed what I thought at first to be something burning up in top of the neighbors large Oak tree. I then saw that it was moving, traveling in a Southwest direction and I couldn't hear sound coming from it. I didn't think much about it and started to walk back to the house. That's when I noticed another one off to the North horizon coming towards my location.The light from these objects was an Orange/Red light which seemed to be solid and very bright. No flickering or shape changing. When I realized that I was looking at something I had never seen before I called for my wife to come outside to see it as well so I would at least have someone to back up on what I was seeing. (She did) The Orbs all came from the same area off to the North and traveled in the same direction as the first. About the time one would go below the horizon in the Southwest another would appear off to the North. Each were spaced about 90 to 120 seconds apart. It was hard to determine how big or high the objects were because I have nothing that I've seen before to compare it to. If I were to guess based on us living in a flight path for the Charlotte Douglas Int. Airport the jetliners that come by our neighborhood are estimated to be 10,000-15,000 feet up usually coming in for a landing and are clearly visible to the naked eye. These objects appeared to be at that altitude, but larger than a jet liner moving a lot slower than one as well. However since I have never seen one at ground level I can only guess to it's actual size.
The orbs continued to come from the North and travel SW. On the 10th one to appear in the North we saw that it began in the same flight path as the others, however this last one changed course and flew directly over us still at the same altitude as the others. Just prior to it passing over us the orange/reddish light seemed to just fade away. I could not see where the lights were originating from like you can on an aircraft. They were just there, and then they weren't. When the lights went off I was looking almost straight up at it and saw that there was now a saucer shaped object there moving by over head. I tracked the craft for about four seconds until I tripped and nearly fell. When I looked back up I saw the lights come back on never seeing where they originated from, and then the craft rejoin the flight path of the others flying out of sight. I felt that this craft exposed itself on purpose for us to see it. The bottom of the craft appeared to be Grey on the outside ring and darker on the inner ring. Could have had this appearance due to shape of craft on bottom. 
We were not drinking or doing drugs or suffering from any mental disability. I am a Police Detective and a 20 year veteran with the Charlotte-Mecklenburg Police Department. My wife is a social worker and has been for the last 25 years. 
During the time that these things were flying by I called my office to see if anyone else was reporting seeing the lights. They advised that they had reports about two hours prior to this incident advising seeing multiple orange lights heading SW. By the way the direction that they were traveling was directly towards Lake Wylie, S.C. just over the State line from us. 
I was able to snap a few pictures of the things, but they are not the best. You can see that there is an orange light in the sky.
The job that I do for the Police Department has me monitoring some 1300 cameras around the city. When I returned to work I was able to locate these objects on our cameras, and in different parts of the city. Some earlier and some later than my sighting. 

Approximately six weeks later I got off of work at 3:00am in the morning and drove home. I'm not sure of the exact date on this one, but remember the time at 3:18am. I just walked up on my front porch and was looking East and saw another Orange Orb in the sky at least a mile away from me. I ran out into the street to get a better look at it, and watched it ascend into the clouds, which I checked with the weather station which advised that there was a cloud ceiling of 10,000 feet that night. That was the only one that night and it was only visible to me for a few seconds.
