{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468868","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91684","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2486,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/868/mufon-5468868.json","updb_database_id":5468868}
{jpg} witnessed 21 years ago by myself and my husband at that time

My husband and myself had just finished watching a movie and went outside to smoke a cigarette as we did not smoke in our home. We went outside to our driveway and were talking when we suddenly saw in the sky a ball of light that looked to be on fire or emitting fireworks falling from the sky, but at an accelerated rate. At first we thought it was a plane crashing but quickly observed this not to be the case because after falling at a rate that seemed too fast for a normal fall from the sky, it quickly changed directions. It went left. It went right. It went up. It went down. All the while at such a fast speed there is nothing that I know of on this earth that is capable of going so fast. The whole time it was emiting sparks or what seemed to be like a fireball or colorful fireworks.
The area the object was above was over Budd Bay Inlet. My husband and I were speechless and just watched it and then it disappeared. We looked at eachother again speechless and speaking for myself almost scared to have a conversation about what we had just witnessed. We went back and our home and talked about what we had just seen and tried to explain away some reasonable explanation, but I think we both knew there was none. At that time of year, every year, there is the annual Washington State Lakefair just 1.5 miles away, situated just EAST of where we witnessed the event. For several days following the incident we searched newspapers and asked other people if they had seen anything or was there some kind of crazy airborne show with fireworks coming off planes? There was not. I have only told a few people about this experience over the years, as I am pretty conservative and not a conspiracy theorist. But I know what I saw, and my now ex-husband too knows what he saw. And it cannot be explained away. I wish it could.
