{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-11-30 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283868","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119563","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3068,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/868/mufon-5283868.json","updb_database_id":5283868}
Silhouette of a

I didn't take this seriously up until roughly a year or so ago. 12 years ago, while sitting on my roof late at night, I saw a yellow light, hanging northward from my home. Close enough to the city lights, that the silhouette was of the object was visible. At first I thought it to be an experimental helicopter, that somehow made no sound.

The shape starts with a cylinder, like half a toilet paper roll sitting vertically. At the top the material domed, with a large yellow light in the center of the cylinder shape. From this light, I could barely see a few inches of forward slope (toward me) before the material bent too much for light to follow.

What I'd thought were curved diagnal landing gear, seemed to be solid, and reflected light. The forward slant, and silhouette of the side gave the impression these "landing gear" were merely the edges of a sort of disk. 

After a couple of seconds looking, the object's yellow light drifted to the right, (northeast-ish) and disappeared behind a pine tree across a small side street from my position.

Recently with the news coverage, it seemed best to make some kind of report about the sighting. The shape itself of a disk is rather common, but the details of its shape don't match the most common photos or descriptions.

It's not possible for me to know how big this thing was, without knowing how far away the thing was. The light in the center must've been recessed, because it only partially could illuminate the object; which otherwise would've been completely unnoticed.

My guess is that others saw it too. It was in a pretty high traffic area, assuming it was above the nearest main road. If it was further than that, we're talking at least 100 ft in diameter. The smallest the object could be is the width - not height - of two side-by-side Mercedes Benz.

For the sake of accuracy, it might be worth noting that the shape was closest to sightings of 80 to 85 years ago. Trying to find any information about it brings up nothing but conspiracies.
The yellow light in the center, the transition from cylindrical cabin to dome, with a very slight flat layer. No noise, and incredible speed. There was no sign of it leaving the area.

Roughly an hour afterwards, I was gripped by immense fear.

I will not attach pictures, that would be feeding conspiracy theorists who are obsessed with the early nineteenth century, and would only give a rough grainy estimate of this disk shape.
