{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523334","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32625","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2602,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/334/mufon-5523334.json","updb_database_id":5523334}
Red/orange light passed overhead, emitted no sound, approached the horizon, appeared to slow down, then sight lost

Me and 3 friends had stepped outside to smoke a cigarette and see one of us off for the night. As we were outside, I happened to look up and saw a bright red/orange object silently drift overhead from an apparent NW to SE direction. My first thought was that the object cannot be a plane, and it did not look like any satellite I had ever seen; it was larger and brighter than a satellite (and also not white like all satellites I have seen to date). We were standing in my friends driveway between the house and external garage and had to run into the backyard to maintain sight of the object. All 4 of us out there observed the object moving in a relative southeasterly direction (from the northwest), almost directly overhead of us in a straight path. As it continued on its path, one of my friends said try to communicate with it so I put my intention on that. At this point, the object seemed almost to slow down a bit (this was just before it was about to go out of sight), but did not ever stop moving as best we could tell. My heart eventually started racing as we did not know what we were looking at, and since the speed appeared to be diminishing we were hoping that it would remain in view for a little bit longer. We also thought that it might have been Comet Elenin since that is supposed to make its closest path to the earth on this date, but we didn't think it was supposed to be so bright or appear in the area of the sky that it did. Eventually after slowing down and almost coming to a stop, after about 40-50 seconds, the object disappeared behind the tree line at about 30-401 above the horizon (south or southeast direction) and we lost sight of it. We have no real way to determine the relative altitude of the object. After the sighting we were discussing what it could possibly be, and we seemed to agree that it didn't really look like a plane or a satellite or comet.
