{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-10 19:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480334","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79729","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2713,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/334/mufon-5480334.json","updb_database_id":5480334}
{cak} Orange-yellow ball of light traversing sky after dark at slow speed

1. I was walking my dog after dark. At about 7:30 to 7:40 PM near the intersection of Edie Dr. and Mockingbird Dr. (walking on Edie toward Mockingbird) in Denver (mailing address, actually closer to Adamstown), Pa. Skies were mostly clear, lots of stars and moon visible.

2. I caught the light of the object in my right peripheral vision.

3. It drew my attention because it was unlike anything I've seen in the sky before. I live in an area between Philly, Reading, Lancaster, and Harrisburg so we always have aircraft going over. There were several aircraft visible during this sighting. These other aircraft appeared to be on normal flight patterns and not associated with the light I observed. This light did not appear to be landing lights, strobe, beacon, or nav lights. Initially, I thought it might be a drone, but based on the distance it covered I thought it unlikely.

4. It appeared as a orange-yellow glowing light moving fairly slowly from approximately north to south. It was about half the size of my small fingernail at arms length. Definitely much larger than any of the stars or planets I see on my almost nightly dog walks. It maintained a constant brightness. No noise. It was low enough to the horizon that it moved behind a tree for a few seconds. There was no tail of light behind it. It slowly traversed the sky until disappearing to the south, appearing to maintain altitude, direction, and speed until the light moved past visual range. It was about 45 seconds to a minute between the time I first saw it until it traversed the sky to a distance where the light was no longer visible.

5. I was puzzled by its appearance and curious as to what it was. I stopped to watch it for a few seconds and then continued my walk since I could keep it in view as I walked. I kept it in view as I walked on Mockingbird Dr. until it went out of sight.

6. I lost sight of it as the light became less visible as it increased its distance from me. It did not disappear over the horizon or disappear behind structures or trees.
