{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-02-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529334","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26197","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4937,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/334/mufon-5529334.json","updb_database_id":5529334}
Massive Black Square or rectangle flew directly over us

hi, please check radars at palm springs california on February 22 2010. there is no way in heck that tower 
missed this one unless they launched this thing, or they are seriously blind or just plain lying period,
 I seriously don't think they launched , as the 
craft was longer and appeared wider than the airport itself much much much larger i personally have worked 
with the military over the years including the skunk facility in seattle washington they claim 
is only a simple aircraft building facilty, wrong. Stealth
hidden in plain view as they put it.
I never saw or even seen drawing like what we saw that night at boeing.
Skunk facility yes, i snooped around and saw the future to come well the concepts and a few 
blue prints labeled classified/mantess it appeared to be a high tech version of our current f-18 
but way beyond cooler looking!!! There were several prints all different just laying around or on 
drawing tables.
We were maintenance contractors hired after the last big quake in seattle around 2006? Well boeing considered
there facility high priority to repair asap so did the state??? why unknown

Anyway's you wont believe the size of the black craft that flew over the valley that night 
between 7pm and 9pm << this time frame is not exact as i was not paying attention to the time as 
we just left the movie house and were on our way home.

The first thing i thought of was the arizona lights which i for the longest
time simply thought was a hoax. ?
This craft was not that same craft, i decided this after spending 
the last 4 months on google reading every report on the arizona lights i could find
The arizona craft was smaller than what we witnessed in my own opinion.
one other fact i saw this thing so well i 
noticed there were no lights at all on the bottom or sides of the craft we drove north and 
it crossed our path heading south by south east then when it finally passed up it suddenly 
turned due east and then north east. this craft was a giant black and grey rectangle or square
with a rounding side-walls with what appeared to be square top
it looked kinda like a oil refineries cooling towers or fan exhaust ports ive never seen such 
a design in a craft of any-kind this craft looked as if it was military in design if you asked 
me a guy who been around military bases my whole life it would definatly bring a new meaning to the word Stealth.
The problem claiming manmade is it's size no way any 
airport in cali could launch a craft of such size???
unless it came from a hidden base ??? i cant explain this at all.
All i know is this thing is
real i saw it and watched it for what i call a real reality check in life and situation time unexplained.
We are defiantly not alone.
Me and my girl watch it for over ten to fifteen minutes fly over us less than 400-ft off the 
ground and not making any sound at all.
The way i interpet what we saw to folk around here is it 
was like a train going buy you know the one that never seems to end holding you up for 10 -15
minutes, well this train seemed to be clippen along pretty good then took two big left turns.

Guys i saw in the windows on the front of this craft! Its what got my attention in the first place not the craft itself.
a green light coming right at us when i realized what i was looking at was a giant windshield with a green 
light emitting from it 
yes it was that big.
we drove north for over ten minutes at a speed around 40 mph through town the whole time this 
craft was flying over us at a slower speed my guess 20 mph.

theres more.

If this story gets your attention approx 6 months later i saw something in the north skies that still blows my mind more so 
than what i just told you. 

Please understand i would have never in my lifetime told you folks any of this if this was a one time thing but twice in ones 
lifetime whats the odds?

even seeing one sighting i lean towards telling folks there nuts not anymore.

source: *(Wit's name deleted--CMS/sg) no im not nutz well not yet.
sorry folks no picture even if i had a good camera it was simply to black to even get a good picture sorry i would love to meet a real artist to draw this thing to scale as i got a real good look many details.
