{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-11-11 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547334","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"17272","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3301,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/334/mufon-5547334.json","updb_database_id":5547334}
Stealth bomber-like aircraft that maneuvered as a kite might move in the wind.

The event happened last year (2008) sometimein the fall I believe it was early to mid November. I was going to school at the University in Las Cruces and went star gazing one night. The nights were still rather warm because the city is located so far south. As I was staring at the moon I noticed that in one section of the sky stars suddenly blacked out and as I focused my vision I witnessed the outline of what appeared to be a B-2 stealth bomber, only this aircraft was a bit more slender in the middle yet still retaining the boomerang shape.
   I stared waiting to hear some sort of sound as aircraft make. I heard none. It was dark and I was trying to obtain some sort of judgement as to the altitude of the craft and try to establish a size. I concluded that it was too high to bee some sort of stunt kite or something (why anyone would be flying one at that time wouldn't make sense. It definately wasn't flyig at the height of a commercial airliner. I concluded it was simply somewhere in between. The object did not maneuver like any aircraft I have seen. It turned on its wingtip abruptly and dipped into figure eight like patterns very erradically. It did not move like a bomber though Holloman airforce base has been known to harbor them. I have also concluded that if it were a bomber flying from one air base to another why did it linger for the duration (approx. 5 min.) that it did? After watching it for a while it picked up speed very abnormally and zoomed off to the east (towards Holloman perhaps?). No noise, no lights, exceptional maneuverability...
  I can't remember if it was a few days before or after the event, there was increased air activity. I noticed low level jets flying in fomation from the east and west. I concluded possibly a training exercise, a simple trip to and from bases in Arizona and New Mexico or perhaps they were alert to something more and on patrol. These are all simply ideas. All I had with me was my cell phone with a very weak camera and even if I had a camera the clarity of the recording would be extremely low-grade. I was alone and there were no other witnesses to back me up but that is what I observed. Perhaps it was a new military craft that was being tested but why test an experimental craft over a civilian population? Sounds hazardous to me.
  If there were a craft that resembled a modern day stealth bomber but didn't quite fit the design profile and certainly didn't fly as a modern day aircraft, reverse engineering definately came to mind...these are just my thoughts and personal observations. I wonder if anyone else has experienced something similar.
