{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-07 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507334","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51371","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2931,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/334/mufon-5507334.json","updb_database_id":5507334}
{cak} saw this lite twice same area about 1 or 2 months apart

1.. I was doing a load of laundry (which is outside in my garage) walking back inside I looked up and saw this thing in the ski. 2..the reason I looked up in this area is because about 1-2 months earlier I saw this same thing or lite behaving the same way moving very slowly in the ski (same direction),only the first sighting the time was about 1 or so a.m. in the morning. this second sighting the time was about 7:30 pm. or so. when I first noticed it, it wasnt quit all the way dark out yet and you could see something in the ski(not a lite, just an object) by the time I got my phone and started taping, it was getting dark and you can see this lite. The only thing I can think what it was that makes any sense is MAYBE some GPS plane (because I saw it twice in same area behaving the same way) or a UFO. As you can see in the video, its moving very slow. I also have a picture that I took from my droid phone (that is not active in service, I just use it for pics and video) from the time I first saw it, I got in my truck and drove down the street to get a better look at it because the tree tops were blocking it alittle. I pulled in a parking lot and took a pic of it, and a small video. then I drove about 3-4 blocks or so to get a better look at it and thats when I shot the video. you can see the moon next to it in the video. after taking video of it, I left and got something to eat at BK. I Drove across the bridge to go back home and I looked up and it was still up there in the ski at around 8:00 pm. in the same area. when I pulled in my driveway back home, looked up and it was gone. I don't know if the pic and videos got uploaded or downloaded (whichever is correct)to this site or not, but I have them on my phone and on my computer. If they didn't, I can try to email them to you. I was able to upload them from my phone to my computer.
