{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-07 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487334","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72335","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5217,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/334/mufon-5487334.json","updb_database_id":5487334}
{nd} object 1st appeared as glowing orange ball w/ con trail.turned brilliant white and then swirling white with black hole in middle.Pinpoint of white light emerged from hole,etc.

At 6:00 pm I was standing in the front yard,with my seven year old son. We were looking west,toward LAX, the landing strips are 1.9 miles from us. My son said "Daddy,what's that?" I observed a large orange ball moving from South to North at approximately 2 o clock in the sky(65 degrees) I said," That's just a plane with a con trail". The object then accelerated and turned brilliant white. I said "Oh no it's not, look!" At this point the object appeared to "blossom"? bright white and then a spiraling vortex appeared with complete blackness in the middle. It looked very much like the spiral over Norway in 2010, but on a smaller scale. Then a bright white pinpoint like object came out of the center of the black hole and continued Northward. This object had a solid looking white egg shaped cloud trailing it. Rather suddenly the cloud turned a brilliant aqua blue color and the cloud seemed to envelop the white pin point of light that preceded it. Cloud and object continued northward and began to fade,eventually fading out. This whole part of the process took about three minutes, which is really long, but we observed the object before it displayed any odd characteristics for at least 45 seconds to a minute. The blue aura remained after the object faded out, and eventually became indistinct at about 6:08.I had a cell phone without a video camera, just a still camera, and the phone malfunctioned repeatedly as I tried to take pictures of the vortex. Eventually I got one still photo of the white pinpoint object after the vortex disappeared. There were multiple witnesses across the street and one of them captured some video. I have their contact info and they are willing to also share their experience.
I waited over 24 hours to file this report because I took detailed notes last night and I wanted to do some research. None of the videos I have seen on youtube captured the spiraling vortex part of the phenomena or the initial brilliant aqua blue color burst. This event was reported on local news stations KTLA,channel 5 and NBC$-LA before 6:30, both reporting at that time that even NORAD did not know what it was. Both LAX and Ontario airports were shut down briefly after this event. By 7:53 pm & maybe before the flight patterns over LAX had been changed or diverted. By this morning(11/08/15) the Navy said they had conducted a secret test and fired a three stage Trident missile from a nuclear sub and detonated it over Los Angeles International Airport, one of the busiest airports in the nation at 6:00 pm on a Saturday evening,with no prior warning or notification. I spoke to a former Navy employee today who informed me that this is not Navy protocol, and it sounds like a concocted cover story. Later today the Navy stated that they had forewarned LAX of military exercises and that flight patterns had been changed since mid week. I know this information to be false. I live about 1.9 miles from the landing strips @ Lax and I observe the skies every night. Flight patterns were not changed until after this event last night, sometime between 6:08 and 7:53 pm.
This event was seen from San Francisco to San Diego. If the military was going to conduct secret explosions in restricted air space over the second busiest airport in the nation, why would they do it at 6:00 pm on a Saturday evening, one of the busiest travel times at that airport? Did they want everyone to see it? That's not very secret is it? Why not on a Tuesday at 9:00 pm? Are military officials exploding bombs that open strange spiral looking vortexs and emit massive luminescent blue gas clouds over huge populated areas? If this was a secret missile test,it is certainly no longer secret and all the Navy would need to do was release time stamped video of the missile launching from the sub. Certainly they are in possession of such video if this is not a cover story,after the fact, for a massive multiple witness sighting of a truly extraordinary aerial phenomena.
 Finally, considering the proximity of this event to LAX, I would expect that there would have to be multiple professional pilots who witnessed all or more of what I have described above and would hope that MUFON attempts to locate these witnesses. As much as I hope no one possesses weapons that do what I describe above; I would be perfectly happy to be proven incorrect in my belief that this was and is an Unidentified flying object sighting.
