{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-22 14:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483334","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76578","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3235,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/334/mufon-5483334.json","updb_database_id":5483334}
SILVER ORB AT KENINGAU SABAH

WARNING BAD ENGLISH !!

2 day before weekend on 20 may 2016,i was meditating around 8.30 pm in my room like my everyday routine after my son sleep. while meditating about half an hour,and do some random telepathy to contact any non earth being that had peace mind on my area,without thinking and positive result.

21 may 2016,almost 9.00 pm i try meditating but fail to gain focus,and i make a decision to sleep. wake up 1 am in the morning make a bottle of milk for my son(2 year old, my wife work at next town as teacher, so i am a father and mother) i feel more fresh and start meditating and do some random telepathy and suddenly without any idea about thinking anything,i had a weak vision in my head to go "the place" that i know, not far away from my home (almost 1 hour drive)and very remote and the highiest point in my town (almost 650 meter form sea level, still puzzling about that weak vision, so i telepathy reply that vision "i agreed to meet at that place"and i dont recive any reply what!!

22 may 2016, i text my friend to come with me,but i dont tell him about the purpose of the meeting,i dont wanna be alone, that dangerous, just bring him to have some coffee at that "place" (small coffee shop & restaurant)at the top of that hill. I wait almost 3 hour but noting happen, so i decided to use telepathy (LOL) to ask WHO was giving me vision to go here. Suddenly face of the GRAY alien come in my head, no wonder why they not friendly to me. i was scare, my friend go to toilet and ask if we can back to town. I sad OKEY,im waiting you here, my friend walk to toilet area, and im start taking picture at the sky ( someone told me to do so) in my head. not telepathy (not a voice), just something ask me to do so. and i take 2-3 picture before leaving.

at that night a look back at the picture and i saw a Silver ORB one of the picture a take.

23 may 2016 at 5.30pm after i close my shop it was heavy rain and strong wind that day,i go in that place again alone i was very very scare, meditating in side my car, it was very dark and im alone, while i was meditating i hear weird sound i stop meditating the sound is gone, i back to meditate i hear the sound again (am i crazy) the sound like a electromagnet or something like that. noting happen i try take some picture but noting maybe it rain. so i go back home..
