{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-27 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484334","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75502","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8091,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/334/mufon-5484334.json","updb_database_id":5484334}
{dr}Meteor to satellite like but can change speed and direction in an instant. Has occurred 3 seperate days - Numerous objects but only appearing1 at a time in the upper atmosphere. On March 28th this phenomenon was observed by myself and a neighbor.

I first witnessed this phenomenon during the lunar eclipse on September 27th, 2015 around 9:00 pm central time. My wife and I were watching the "Blood Moon1 together. A short time passed when I started to look at the mostly clear night sky around the moon for constellations, single stars, high-flyers and satellites. After a few minutes of looking, I saw what I thought was a satellite. It was traveling normally, satellite-like, from SSW to the NNE at a steady rate of speed. It passed under the full lunar eclipse event which was occurring ESE at approximately 50 to 60 degrees above the SE horizon. Suddenly the object curved in a fairly large arc to the right and began going east at a very high rate of speed till it disappeared. My wife's eye sight is not very good and the object was too dim for her to see but I was able to describe to her what was going on. Satellites don't turn or curve so my first impression was that it was an extremely high-flyer, likely to be a military jet too far away to hear. The next day I told one of my co-workers what I had seen, telling him that it was unlike anything I had seen before as an adult.

On March 27th, last Easter night around 9:10 pm, that September 27th 2015 sighting was no longer a "one of" event. My wife and I had just returned home from spending Easter Sunday with our daughter and grandson. I had just finished unloading the mini-van and I looked up to enjoy the clear sky and the many stars. The moon had not risen yet, so the brightest object was one of the planets. I think it is Jupiter situated about 55 to 60 degrees above the western horizon in the SW part of the sky. Both Orion and the Big Dipper were also prominent in their proper locations. I was looking nearly due south about 40 to 45 degrees above the horizon. In this location there are 3 stars proximal to each other that form a slightly tilted triangle or pyramid. The star at the top of the triangle is slightly brighter than the other two. Calling straight up from that star 12 o1clock, Jupiter is in about 2:30 position and maybe another 20 degrees higher. I noticed a faint object above the star at the top of the triangle in about the 12:30 position and nearly equal distant from the top star as the other stars forming the triangle. At first it appeared to be stationary, then it shot south southeast at a very high rate of speed. Initially it looked like a falling star because it trailed light behind it, but then it slowed and started to maneuver curving first to the left then to the right as it moved southerly till it faded out of sight. I knew instantly it was similar to the object I had seen September 27th of 2015; however, this is where it became different. In the same location that I first saw the phenomenon above the top star, after a minute or so, I saw another dim white lighted object appear. It also looked like a dim stationary star, but while looking at it for a second or two, it too shot off. This time the object moved to the northwest passing under Jupiter at a very high rate of speed. It faded out of sight at about the 5:30 position relative to Jupiter. At this point I ran to the house opened the front door and told my wife that the object from last September was back. Her reaction to this was what I expected, so I shut the door and went back into the front yard and started watching the sky above the triangle of stars to the south. Always from the same spot in the night sky, these objects appeared to be 1born.1 I watched maybe as many as twenty of these objects take off from the same location. They went in different directions, some appeared to maneuver and go in circles before shooting off at extremely fast rates of speed. Others moved off slowly fading out of view in fairly straight trajectories. A high flying jet flew under one of the objects while I was watching it maneuver which convinced me that what I was witnessing was taking place in the upper atmosphere, if not higher.
When my next door neighbor came out of his house and called him over to me. I asked him how his eye sight was. I then explained to him what was happening and where to look. It didn1t take long for him to see one of these objects appear in the same location. Fortunately it didn1t travel in a straight line and it too shot off at a high rate of speed to fade out of sight. Now I had a fellow witness who just happens to be a fireman in our city of Jenks. We watched several more of this phenomenon together. By now it was near 10:00 pm. His wife came out and after telling her what we were doing, she watched with us for a minute or two during which time nothing happened so they both went into their home. I watched another couple of minutes and saw one more of these things be born and shoot off. I went in doors and told my wife our neighbor , has seen several of these objects too, proving I wasn1t imaging things.

Today, Monday morning, March 29, 2016 at about 5:50 am, before getting into the mini-van to come to work, I scanned the sky looking for more of these objects. The sky was clear, lots of stars and the moon over half-full was about where Jupiter was the night before. I scanned the sky in the south where the birth place of these objects had been last evening and after looking for two or three minutes I saw nothing there. It was about this time I saw a satellite. It appeared over our house in the north and traveled to the south southwest at a steady rate of speed. It was very bright so I thought maybe it might have been the International Space Station. Before it faded out of sight, I looked almost straight up and I saw one of the dim objects pop into view. It appeared stationary for an instant before it shot off to the south as fast as any falling star I had ever seen. The birthing location of these things had moved to almost directly over our house. I watched two more appear. One moved slowly off in a large arc to the southwest where it faded out of sight. The last one I saw before I had to leave for work stayed stationary for a moment then went extremely fast to the east and faded out of view.

To Whom It May Concern: 
These sightings are by definition a re-occurring phenomenon. I expect to be able to see these objects again as some point in the near future, maybe even tonight provided the skies are clear. My next door neighbor saw some of these objects too, so I am no longer the only one to have seen them. Unfortunately I did not have binoculars or telescope to see the objects better, but I saw them well enough with my naked eyes to be able to post this sighting with confidence.
I have no clue as to what it was that my neighbor and I saw. I am hoping that MUFON may have heard of something similar and could tell me what it was we were looking at. It would likely take special lenses and recording equipment to capture the birth and take-off of one of these objects on video. To a certainty, these objects are not falling stars or meteors because they can speed up, slow down and change direction. Please advise me as to what I should do if when I witness one of these events in the future.
