{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-07-08 12:49:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464334","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96525","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3645,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/334/mufon-5464334.json","updb_database_id":5464334}
{rjl} The object appeared to be hovering and stationary at a good distance away. We lost sight of it once we took the exit ramp.

My parents and I were driving in Charlestown, WV to our destination. It was a sunny afternoon with a clear blue sky. As we were going up the road, alongside a lot of flat land and barns, my Mom noticed an object outside her passenger window. She said 1What is that?1. I looked out my passenger window and noticed an object in the distance. Shortly afterwards, she said 1Is that a plane?1. I thought so at first but then pulled out my phone to record a video of the object. While doing so, my Dad was driving at the time and noticed it as well. I told them I was going to film it. My Dad said 1Zoom in on it Steve.1 As I zoomed in, I noticed what looked like a whitish or silver object that seemed to have the sun1s reflection on the surface. I said 1That ain1t no plane.1 My mother then said 1No it isn1t.1 She then told my Dad 1This isn1t moving.1 The object appeared to be hovering and stationary at pretty high altitude. It looked like a missle/cigar-shaped object (like a long ibuprofen) with a blackish mark on the center of it. (black stripe down the middle). While filming it I felt a strong sense of amazement. I couldn1t believe what I was looking at. It was something that neither I, nor my parents have ever seen before. The recording and sighting were under a minute long. As we turned off an exit ramp, I lost sight of it. A few minutes later after arriving to our destination, I looked around in the sky but couldn1t find it anywhere. Throughout that afternoon I kept thinking about it. Also thought about it on the ride home that same day. Told my parents, 1Guys I have a feeling that was what I think it was1. I1ve always had interest and curiosity in UFOs but never thought in a million years I1d ever possibly see one. Later that evening while viewing the video 100 times in shock and amazement, my Dad openly admitted that prior to that day, he didn1t believe in that phenomenon. The sighting opened my Dad1s eyes.
