{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522334","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33736","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3010,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/334/mufon-5522334.json","updb_database_id":5522334}
It is difficult to describe/remember; however, I clearly remember being returned to where I originally was sleeping, being transported by a beam of light in a paralyzed state

The first event (that I remember) took place when I was 19 years old on Hart Rd., Taunton, MA. I was at my girlfriends condo. We arrived home from work, ate supper and settled-in for the evening. After making love in the down stairs livingroom we, unfortunately, argued about something stupid. She fell asleep on the couch and I on the floor in front of the couch. Some time later I was woken by the strangest sensation - like I was levatating, while in the lying (back-side) postion, unable to move like I was paralyzed. I was terrified as I realized that I was sort of floating back to my original place in front of the sofa, literally several inches off the floor. I instinctively knew that I was being "returned". Though I was paralyzed, I tried to scream, but could not. My eyes were free to move about, though, and off to my left I could see what can only be described as a translucent orb above the front entrance/door which led to the driveway. A thin translucent cord extended from my mid section, and as the orb began to move toward me, eventually positioning directly overhead, I could see that the cord and orb were one, like a beam of light. The orb disappeared and I fell free. I jumped up and, in a panick, woke my girlfriend, blabbering this story to her. She dismissed it as a bad dream and led me upstairs to bed.
For many years afterward I would find myself in a fight to wake up from these strange moments of feeling paralyzed when asleep at night, sometimes waking not in my bed but on the floor or even in another part of the house. After such events, I intuitively knew that I had somehow been "taken" somewhere and then returned. Was I sleep-walking, I thought? As a child my parents told me that I was prone to sleep-walking. But my gut told me that this was different. I have only woken during a return event twice, and they have become less frequent. I think that I am able to resist - "fight off" - these events as I have grown older, but I cant be sure. I have recently become increasingly agitated and unable (and unwilling) to sleep. Something in the back of my mind is keeping me confused and anxious, as if an event were going to take place very soon. 
Well, there you have it. Im either crazy or.....
