{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-02-20 19:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283334","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120105","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3160,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/334/mufon-5283334.json","updb_database_id":5283334}
Possible UFO sighting in Gurgaon (India) captured on DSLR camera in Feb 2016 followed by another sighting in Mar 2016

On 20-Feb-2016 at 7.20 pm (IST) i had gone to the terrace of my house to capture few casual night shots using Nikon D7000 camera with 70-300 mm Zoom lenses. I was a construction manager and my project (a residential complex by the "Windchants") was located about 2 kms from my residence. So, the objective was to take few long shots of under construction buildings of Windchants.
As i was clicking pictures suddenly a bright object appeared on the NW horizon and was travelling in straight line apparently with great speed. The object looked like a bright planet/star to the naked eye however, the speed was astonishing as it traversed the entire sky and vanished in opposite SE direction in few seconds (say not more than 7-8 sec). As i already had camera ready with me i quickly tried to capture the object. The camera was in Auto focus mode and the object could not be completely focused due to very little time and dark conditions. Nonetheless i was able to capture the image just before the object vanished in SE direction. Following are important points to be noted here -
1) The object flew towards E-SE direction which is towards the Delhi International Airport and is a restricted airspace 
2) I have never seen anything like this travelling at such great speed over the sky. Due to this reason i have ruled out the possibility of it being a drone or something like that. 
3) You will notice in the picture's background two stars (due to light pollution, stars are hardly seen in the nightsky of Gurgaon) which are most likely Betelgeuse (red giant) and Rigel (blue-white) of Orion Constellation. 

Interestingly, the very next month i witnessed another sighting but not in Gurgaon. It was in my hometown Bhopal where i had travelled to spend time with my parents and to celebrate Holi festival. During early morning hours of 24-Mar-2016 a bright object appeared over the horizon from W direction and suddenly took a 90 deg turn towards S. The sighting was reported by other witnesses too in local newspapers. 

I consider myself to be extremely lucky to have witnessed two such sightings in a short duration and to have captured one of the sightings on a camera. I have pondered over these incidences over many years but i am now convinced that these were objects beyond our realms. I am however, still open to any other plausible explanation.
