{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-07-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505334","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53529","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2386,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/334/mufon-5505334.json","updb_database_id":5505334}
{cak} descended from directly above me I sat in vehicle under a tree. Made no sound. I could see lighte sequencing around the disc, red, white, green. It went straight up and went southwest.I pursued it and saw it hovering over Lake Detroit,still displayi

I had a date with a young gentleman, who picked me up in his pick-up. When I realized that I had left my purse on the table, he volunteered to go in and get it for me. While he was inside talking to the babysitter, the disc descended from straight above me and hovered at the top of the tree under which we were parked. It made no sound, but displayed a sequence of lights, flashing red, white, green. I could make out the shape through the branches of the tree. It was a big tree, probably twenty five feet or more. The disc was about the same diameter as the tree's canopy, which I would estimate at about 25 feet. When my date came out, I said, "I hope you don't think that I am crazy, but I just saw a UFO." This was our first date and so I was happy to hear him say, "I have always wanted to see a UFO. Which way did it go?" I answered that it seemed to go toward the lake, so we took off after it. We went up onto a bluff across from the lake, and there it was. I wish we had had binoculars. We watched it for a few minutes and then my date (XXXX) said, "We have to tell somebody." We went to the sheriff's dept, and told them what we had seen. They asked what we had been drinking. The women at the desk said, "There are warning lights on the sand bar out there, you know." I was born and raised there and certainly knew where the sand bar lights were, and that is not what this was. We drove back out to our vantage point, and watched it for a long time. We fell asleep watching it, and woke up a couple of hours later.
