{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-05-03 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286334","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117050","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2819,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/334/mufon-5286334.json","updb_database_id":5286334}
Three red pulsating lights above mountain/hilltops

My parents and I were driving home one day several years ago across the San Mateo bridge (San Francisco Bay Area, California) one night. We often use the bridge when visiting family and friends in the Bay Area, before the coronavirus pandemic, it was a more frequent occurrence to drive on the bridge per year. On this one night, there was mostly clear skies with few small clouds. My parents and I were clearly awake and alert of our environment while on the drive home. I was looking at the calm Pacific Ocean and looking at the distant city lights far off against the dark night silhouette of the sky in the background. While my eyes were scanning the silhouette of far away hilltops in the background I noticed three bright red lights, spherical or orb like in shape, flashing very slowly in sequence with each other. At first I though they were airplanes following each other. Upon closer examination I couldn’t discern what kind of aircrafts they must of been. The red flashing lights may have been actually one single aerial vehicle in the shape of a triangle appearing as a very dark silhouette with three red lights on each corner. Those odd aircraft(s) were moving gently and slowly, in complete silence, moving in one direction, wherever they were destined to go. I still couldn’t understand what they were, it felt mesmerizing and otherworldly. I asked my dad whom was driving what those oddly red lights were in the sky, he took a quick glance and said “its probably just an airplane…” I didn’t think so. The way the lights were moving, behaving… I haven’t seen human-made airplanes do that. Airplanes with traveling passengers usually move at a certain speed closer to the surface while making a loud booming sound near the bridge or city area. I have only experienced these strange red lights twice while on the San Mateo bay area bridge in the past, on different years. Until this very day, I can’t deny my memories and feelings of those “red san mateo lights.” Something strange and unexplainable until this day.
