Date                         Date
  Case No.:             2165                       10/18/2025                          10/22/2025
                                     Report:                      Resolution:

   Location:            Colina          Region:    Metropolitan         Classification:    Closed


                 Reported what he considered an aerial anomaly, seen at 19:20 hours on October 13,
                 2025, from the commune of Colina, Metropolitan Region of Santiago.
The information provided by the gentleman was described as an object, of which no definite shape (other) was indicated, but it was silver in color, and due to its distance, it was perceived as being over 50 meters in size. It was added that it was visible directly for 12 seconds, on a clear sky, and always to the south of a witness.

The user then testified that (sic): "The object was seen from the point towards"
In the south-southwest, at a static height of over 1km, a spherical object with a metallic color was observed. I thought it was a drone because they are very common on the road. After a few seconds, it suddenly moved to the right, covering approximately 500 meters in two seconds, positioning itself in a southern direction, and as it continued to advance, it seemed to stretch out.
Description of a horizontal form for ~3 seconds achieving a 30:1 aspect ratio, with 1:1 being its original user/a aspect. It is not completely flat but has two mounts, like a "v" or a very stretched "m", then it rises and moves away in a southern direction and is visible for a few seconds until it becomes impossible for me to distinguish it. I know that audiovisual evidence is necessary to attach but due to the nature of the phenomenon, I did not have time to record it.
Along with the report, no audiovisual file was entered.

The location reported by the user was georeferenced (Figure 1). This location is 2.7 kilometers north-northeast of the Peldehue Airport (SCVH).

Due to the lack of audiovisual material and because of the proximity to the Peldehue Airport (SCVH), an investigation was conducted by consulting the airport manager regarding any observations by the staff.
On duty at the control tower or in any logbook. The air traffic controller in charge of the shift reported no incidents or unusual situations.

Figure 1

The air traffic controller and shift supervisor on the reported date indicated that
“No unusual occurrences or observations were reported. No incidents were recorded.”
"Situations that will draw attention."

According to the analysis of the testimony and the information resulting from the Peldehue aerodrome, located near the reported location, no abnormal situations or those indicating a danger to air operations were evident. Due to the lack of audiovisual records to study, the investigation was closed, in accordance with numeral 2d (Only cases reporting images will be investigated).
Original audio or video recordings) of the Technical Instruction of Procedure, Research Times, Reception, Processing of Executive Report and Archiving of Reports SEFAA. Case classified as Report.
