{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-15 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530039","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25451","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3389,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/039/mufon-5530039.json","updb_database_id":5530039}
Watched at least 4 flashing lights ascending in an erratic fashion it continued across the sky traveling very fast until went out of my sight.

UFOs sighting

15/09/2010 23:10

Was standing in the beer garden having cigarette in my local pub with a friend at around 22:00 in Ditherington. Shrewsbury. The sky was very clear and not a cloud to be seen in the sky (was perfect for a stargazer) i was looking up constantly at the stars when i saw a flashing light very low from my witch caught my eye, As my friend was speaking to me i watched the light continue to rise and commented to my friend that it looked strange. He said that it was a plane as we watched the object there was at least 4 or more lights in a flashing formation as we watched the lights there was no sound throughout its travel. My friend continued to say it was a plane until it accelerated to a speed a plane could not. My friend tried to guess how fast it was traveling and he then agreed it was to fast for a plane and the way it flew coupled with the fact there was no sound at all in the sky When i was watching it ascend it was very iratic not in a straight line and continued to watch though out the event as it travelled through the sky until it went out of my vision. Within minutes we heard watched a plane in the sky look like it followed the same path and carried on trying to follow what looked to me and my friend. We could confirm the distinct difference of the plane when in the air the light flashed in a normal pattern and could hear it it looked to us like it was most definitely trying to follow it. 

May i add although i am a very big believer of ufos but my friend was not originally he was very skeptical and tried to explain it with a number of logical ways but totally agreed afterwards that we had just witnessed was indeed a ufo.

I was unable to take a picture as my cam on phone does not work and as there was only the two of us who witnessed this he neither had a camera on him.

i am not after fame or fortune but would happily go on record about this sighting i frantically tried to find somewhere last night i could report this on phone to as i feel i witnessed a massive ufo event coupled by the fact that a plane was deployed very soon afterwards not only confirmed to me we are not alone but the powers that be know we are not either.

I would like to add a number of people the previous night reported on facebook hearing a number of helicopters in the sky from Shawbury very late at night which i thought at the time was strange due to the time of night i wonder if this was also connected?

I have already sent this to a uk ufo reasearcher in uk a Mr J Hanson UPN Investigations i would like further investigation in to thi ie flight records from shawbury etc as this did take place
