{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-07 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454039","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107581","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2571,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/039/mufon-5454039.json","updb_database_id":5454039}
{jpg} Shapeshifting color changing UFO orb

Due to the corona virus lock down I’ve been at home a lot more and noticed the constant sound of helicopter traffic over my house.. but when I look out the window for them I can never spot them. So on this day I heard them and they sounded really close so I ran outside to catch a glimpse.. but spotted something a bit more curiouser. There were like 4 of them! I don’t know what they were not planes or helicopters. My husband said they were drones ..but they were releasing huge and I mean huge chem trails! Covering the whole sky! Watching them I noticed a big bright yellow orange star? Planet? I didn’t even pay it much mind directing my attention back to all the smoke they were putting out! But then I noticed it was moving so I ran inside and grabbed my phone and recorded the whole thing! I never seen anything like it! I would try to get it in the screen and it would literally bounce out of frame and unfocus! It took me multiple attempts to get a good video. It grew and shrank, change colors ,disappeared and reappeared , pulsated and changed its form so fast that when I broke it down in frames each frame was a different visual..never the same. I even reversed and slowed it down and when I did that I heard it! Sounds like every creepy alien movie I’ve ever saw! Even noticed some red blinking lights appear that aren’t seen on regular format. I’m just so shocked at theese things! I’ve found and recorded 3 so far and I’m not going to stop until someone can tell me what these things are! I encourage viewers to take my video and break it down frame by frame and watch this thing change! You’ll notice a realistic reoccurring eye shape! And red al blue and red balls? That form patterns in the background round and triangle. Really weird stuff! Let me know what you think it is?!
