{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-12 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506039","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52781","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3228,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/039/mufon-5506039.json","updb_database_id":5506039}
{rjl} Huge bright star like triangle keeps appearing in southern sky

About 4:45PM every clear day since mid October I have been seeing a very bright star like object in the southern sky just south of my location. It is always in the same spot time after time. I begin watching the southern skies about 4:30PM on clear days for it to appear. I focus on one specific spot and like clock work it suddenly just "appears" out of nowhere. When I first witnessed this phenomena I thought I was seeing things, but I have since had my uncle and my wife both watch for it with me and they have seen this thing do the same thing. It will first appear as a small bright dot about 45 degrees up over the southern horizon. This lead me to believe at first it was the planet Venus. However, after watching it for 2 hours straight for several nights in a row (with binoculars) I noticed it moving in an arc from 45 degrees to tree top level which is about 5 degrees since I have hill all around me. As it descended in an arc it would intensify in brightness and get much, much closer. The best way to describe it is as a very bright triangle. I viewed it when it was at its lowest and brightest through binoculars. From what I could make out it was a triangle shape with very large whitest blue lights on the three corners. In the middle of the bottom it had a large red light that pulsated. Around the edges it was covered with what appeared to be windows that had extremely bright blue lights inside. The whole thing was so bright you could barely stare at it. Then it would slowly spin clockwise and vary in brightness. It would also shoot out a beam of light from each corner, like a huge spotlight, but it could vary the angle of the light, sometimes it pointed downward, sometimes sideways. It would also ascend, and then suddenly descend while continuing to rotate clockwise around the center red light. During the viewing of this object I have witnessed several aircraft also in the area of the object. A couple of times the object seemed to have fighter jets pursuing it, or at least they where accompanying it. As the object descends it finally goes dim, all lights go out you can make out a dark triangular surface. It will then just zip off and disappear. Sometimes it will appear in the morning around 5:30AAm and do the same motions, always suddenly appearing out of nowhere and dimming before it zips away. PLEASE MUFON SEND SOMEONE UP HERE TO WITNESS AND PHOTOGRAPH THIS THING! THIS HAS BEEN GOING ON FOR AT LEAST TWO MONTHS NOW.
