{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-17 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524039","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31864","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2519,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/039/mufon-5524039.json","updb_database_id":5524039}
I watched a round white brightly lit object with a blue halo/ aura, rapidly descend into the trees, I would say it was traveling at aprox 50 60 mph. It never came out of the trees. int

My daughter and I were taking our dog out, before retiring for the night. I was pointing to the moon and showing her that the star to the right of the moon was on the left of the moon last evening. I was watching the sky as I told her that last evening there seemed to be crazy air traffic going on for about 2 hours, as I was saying this a huge white sphere with a beautiful blue halo / aura around it appeared suddenly, in fast decent at about a 45 degree angle. It appeared to be going to crash, I watched it disappear right into the trees of the mountain. I am a star/ sky watcher and have seen comets and shooting stars many times, I had the feeling as I watched this that this craft was in trouble, and would crash. I waited and listened, but heard nothing. I watched for an explosion, none, I waited but never saw the craft leave the trees. My daughter and I told no one what we saw, as the night went on, I became very aware that I needed to tell someone what I saw. I realized even if the authorities found something they would just lie anyway. While lying in bed trying to put the event out of my thoughts, I realized I could tell people that don't lie, and want to tell the truth, so I called a number on the MUFON web site, and told them my story. This is not my first sighting, but it is by far the most upsetting one, as I am sure the craft has crashed. For those of you who are asking the exact same question I would ask if I read this story, why didn't I go check it out? I live in the country, I am not familiar with that area of woodland, it was pitch black outside, cold and I am a middle aged woman. Frankly I was afraid, and I didn't wish to scare my daughter anymore than she already was. I may go in the morning though.
