{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-20 21:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483039","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76901","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4317,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/039/mufon-5483039.json","updb_database_id":5483039}
I saw 2 motherships and 2 star like objects then fog covered the skys rushing in over the tree tops

It was December 20th 2010 the night before either a lunar or solar eclipse was suppose to occur. I was in Gastonia, nc and JUST stepped outside after having a heated argument with a colleague of mine. I first stared at rhe moon and watched a couple clouds pass by from right to left then disappear. I looked straight ahead and over the houses across the street into the sky and noticed a group of stars that i didnt recognize with their perfect letter "M" alignment. I watched and looked around trying to make sense of this grouping buy couldnt do it. After about 5 minutes of looking at this i noticed movement alil to the left and at first I figured it was a plane but as I watched it i noticed there were no lights of different colors blinking at all and it was quiet. I watched this object for a couple minutes as it took its time gliding across the sky as if it had nowhere to go when i decided to reach for my cell. At the time i had a blackberry with only 3× megapixels and attempted to snap pictures that didnt register. Then i decided to call a close friend of mine but had to look away again to make the call. Once i pressed send and looked up it was gone but she answered the phone and i explained to her what i had seen. She asked me did i have anything to drink or was i high. I wasnt doing neither just standing out side bearing witness to a scifi type of event. I ended up getting off the phone and for that brief second i put my differences to the side to address my colleague of what happened. He unequivocally made it clear that he believed me because he had his own experiences as a civilian and military man. After the brief talk which was about 2-3 minutes i decided to go back outside unsatisfied with what happened, so i began gazing and it took only a couple minutes before i caught something from the left corner of my eye and it seemed to be the same object i was looking at before but as if it was coming back from where it left and as my curiosity grew watching it i kind of locked onto the object and it seemed to of noticed i did and began to slow down. I reached for my phone holding it up in the air so I'll have both the object and keypad visible and called my friend back. She answered and i was talking to her giving her the play by play as this object came to a complete stop for about 5 seconds. When it started to move it qas sort of diagonally instead of straight ahead like it started out. I knew this wasnt a air plane of NO sorts and it headed towards the letter "M" shape cluster of stars and when it got between the left leg of the "M" it cloaked out and i said WTF... never saw it again but i stayed there watching this as another star like looking object seeming to be moving across the sky as if it was rhe same sky road and disappeared in the exact same spot the first did. I couldnt f**king believe my eyes and i stood there with phone in hand and my mouth was probably open. It didnt take long before things got weirder and a thick layer of fog started to rush in from left to right over the tree topsand i began to back up to the door reaching for the doorknob without turning back to the street and went inside. I went in my bedroom calmy pulled the covers back and went to bed as if i didn't just see the freakiest s**t EVER on some universal studios type of situation. I fell asleep woke up the next day, didnt tell a soul and left North Carolina for Jersey... Had a quick flashback of being dragged by feet months later but crossed my arms and glowed a goldish color and was let go... a laundry list of other things happened since... Disclosure is necessary!!!!
