{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-21 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475039","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85263","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2412,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/039/mufon-5475039.json","updb_database_id":5475039}
above a house across the alley 4 cloudy light balls hovering in 4 corner form. turning together in circle plus coming together in the middle then shooting back to 4 corner formation. All the time turning in circle

I was walking my dog. It was approx.10pm. While my dog was doing her thing I was just standing there when I looked across the street above a house, something caught my eye. At first I thought it was a searchlight. But the more I watched it, I realized that it was 4 cloudy light balls in a 4 corner formation, turning together in a circle and they would all 4 come together in the center of the square. They would all 4 touch and immediately shoot back out to the 4 corner form. All the while all together rotating in a circle. This happened over and over. It would take 1/4 turn and come to the middle, then shoot back into position in the 4 corners. It, dare I say, seemed to follow me when I walked. We walked through the alley back to my apt. It seemed to follow and then go over my building to the front. I ran in dropped off my dog and grabbed my roommate and camera and ran out front. Sure as heck there it was doing its thing in front of my building. We watched it for about 45 minutes and it continued to do the 4 corners waltz. We needed to go inside and it was still spinning up there when we left. It was fairly cloudy out so was hard to get on film. Zoom in and you should see 4 cloudy light balls at different positions. Photos were taken in fairly quick succession. These were the only photos with any definition to them. I hope you can see it. To estimate the speed it was moving, it would complete one circuit (turning, 4 corners, to center and back to 4 corners)in about 4-5 seconds.
