{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-11-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467039","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93635","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2953,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/039/mufon-5467039.json","updb_database_id":5467039}
never seen anything like it. I was shocked with fear and couldn't believe what I was looking at. I couldn't move I was so shocke

So this happened last winter sometime in November. I had a friend around and we ordered a take out and was about to start a movie. I realised I forgot to add coca cola to the order so told my friend I was going to run to the shop litrally maybe a 5 minute walk from my house to get some, he said he would wait in incase the food arrived. Any way I left the house walking to the shop I live on a relatively quiet road and as I'm walking down It's super quiet and decide to look up, I really don't know why but I did and I remember thinking what a beautiful clear night it is you could see all the stars, than I noticed something in the distance, the only way to explain it as strange as it sounds is the only way I noticed it was because it was darker than the night sky if that makes sense, so I stop walking to stare at it a minute, I realise at this point that it's coming towards me eventually it's near me and this thing is huge! I mean like football stadium big and it's pretty low like lower than a plane just kind of gliding across, and it made absolutely no noise, I was so shocked I couldn't believe what I was looking at I was like paralysed with shock and fear anyway it flies right over me and carries on its path. And it's still visable in the distance. So I run as fast as I can back to my house to grab my friend. I shout him at the door to come quick, so he comes laughing thinking I'm crazy and as we look out it was no longer their. I told a few people I trust and they just laughed it off thinking I'm crazy or was tired or something. But I know I wasn't imagining it, I stared at this thing for a good two minutes. So I kinda stopped telling people because I didn't want to sound nuts. And it's something that I think about still quite often, I mean if someone told me this before I seen that I would think their nuts too so I can't really blame them for thinking this. But I know what I seen, I really don't know what it could be, but how can something so big that was just a perfect triangle with no wings fly? And silently? Maybe it's some kind of royal airforce secret plane or something I don't know. We'll I've kept this to my self until I stumbled upon this website link on a old news article I was reading online.
