{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1961-10-04 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510198","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48220","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4202,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/198/mufon-5510198.json","updb_database_id":5510198}
{dr}observed two slow moving 45 disks at 125 altitude

I was delivering newspapers on Allegheny street at 3:30 AM (+/- 20 min) on October 4, 1961 (+/- 5 days). I was in the street mid-block. The sky was perfectly clear, no clouds or other obstructions, a few small scattered trees, thick star canopy. For no particular reason than the sizes of the objects, I noticed directly above me two disks. I immediately thought "flying saucers". Each disk was appx. 45 feet in diameter, convex on the bottom. They were moving NNE directly toward the Tulsa airport at appx. 10-15 MPH. They were at 125 altitude, the second directly behind the first at a distance of appx. 60, same altitude.

The under surfaces of each pulsed in pale brass color, but with a moderately dull-looking finish (i.e., not shiny). As the objects passed overhead and neared the horizon, at 25 degrees or so, the upper surface became more visible. It was also convex. The upper surface had a whitish dome that remained constant in color--not a bright white, but slightly brighter than the under side brightness. Apart from the dome, the upper side had very little brightness and was greyish in color.

Objects were completely silent. I heard nothing, and apparently neither did the numerous dogs in the neighborhood.

My immediate feeling was that this was a most extraordinary thing to see and I wanted to find others to alert, who could also be witnesses. As I gave something of a start, as though to go knock on a door, I suddenly became quite calm about the event. (Actually, at no time was I alarmed or frightened, nor do I think I would have been so in any circumstance.) With this very certain calmness, and still with a very clear head, I decided instead to simply watch these things and "savor" this moment. In retrospect, the sudden dropping away of any excitement was very unusual, and I attribute it now to an effect brought on deliberately by the object and/or its operators. I watched as the objects flew on at the same speed and very low altitude until they were no longer visible behind the houses and trees in the neighborhood.

With that same sense of calm and acceptance, I continued on to complete my rounds that morning, then went home to sleep more before going to school (High School, 10th grade). After a couple of hours of sleep I awoke with a start, fearing I had not done my rounds that morning, but as I bolted upright, I then recalled the morning up until I saw the objects in the sky. I can remember what I did immediately after they were no longer visible: I continued on for several blocks considering the matter. But beyond, say, 5 minutes past the event up until I awoke in bed, I can recall virtually nothing at all.

I am absolutely certain this was not a hallucination and not a dream. It was impossible for me to have been mistaken in my observation. My father was a chief instrument mechanic at a local aircraft repair center (Spartan), and I had a very thorough knowledge of aircraft and electronic principles at that age. I had been in airplanes many times, and had seen a variety of airplanes. For as long as ten years I had been collecting photos of common and exotic airplanes, and my father and I often played at aircraft identification when outside together. My father eventually went on to become a FAA principal in electronics and powerplant, overseeing several major US and foreign airlines.

I subsequently saw a single object of the same appearance, on approximately mid November, 1961. In January 1962 I believe I saw a similar object at a longer distance. I am filing these separately.
