{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501198","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57881","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3195,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/198/mufon-5501198.json","updb_database_id":5501198}
{nd} Saw it hovering over treetops, drove up close and observed then it disappeared.

My relative and I were driving around the countryside at midnight. This was normal in a small town. No one else was around so we had decided to go back home. It was midnight and summer. I was driving. I didn't see it. She saw it first and said "Did you see that?" I said "No." So I made a U-turn and when I turned the car back in the opposite direction I saw it. We were less than 1/4th mile from it. It was up in the air, hovering above the tree tops. We had previously passed the turn off to get close to it, so turned and drove down a dirt road toward it, drove into a recently mowed pasture and stopped the car facing the ufo, and both of us got out and stood by the car, looking up at it, which was between 200-300 ft. away. Neither one of us said anything. The object was very close and made no sound. It had a glowing aura around it. It was the shape of an upright cigar only much thicker around (like a rocket). Guessing it might have been 100 feet across the front. It looked to have a wide 'belt' of multiple colors in yellow,red,orange, blue. It reminded me of an oriental pagoda because the top had appendages, four of which I could see. I would guess it was at least 30 stories high. I felt no fear and I was looking at it very hard to see as much as I could. Neither one of us said anything. I'm sure we must have been standing there at least 10 minutes observing it. Then all of a sudden, just like someone flicked a light switch, it disappeared. It was dark, quiet and we both got in the car, not saying a word. I drove us home. She stayed at my house that night. The next morning the incident was on my mind because I wanted to talk about it but neither one of us said anything about it. Fast forward 2-3 yrs. later I brought the subject of that night up and she said it never happened. I said she was the one that saw it first and she was so upset she left. About 20 yrs. later I was at her family holiday dinner with all the family visiting with each other in the kitchen. She was slicing vegetables at the counter when all of a sudden she turned around and said to me, in front of everyone, "Do you remember when we saw that UFO?" I was stunned. She went into a lively dialogue to everyone. I acknowledged what she said but I didn't really add to the conversation. Everyone seemed to find it amusing and that was the end of that and it was never mentioned again. That was over 15 yrs. ago.
