{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-01 01:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477198","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82963","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":16530,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/198/mufon-5477198.json","updb_database_id":5477198}
Massive encounter of orange lights right after 12 on new years eve.

The day of this report was old year's evening and new year night 2013/2014.

On 31 December me and my woman and two kids were planning to join a family party nearby our home.
I first drive my car to my brother-in-law, and then we walk with my cousins and sister-in-law to out uncle's home.
But then around 9 o clock was our four year old sleepy, and my woman wanted to go home to let him sleep for a couple of hours.
Then we decided to go home, and i started to go outside and w8 for the others to join us back to my brother-in-law.

Then i stood outside the home of my uncle waiting for the others to come outside.
And then i saw something fly directly over the street into my direction.
It looked like an airplane with different lights, and also did not make any sound and was flying to slow for an airplane.
And one of those lights was also orange.
Then on that moment the others came outside to walk home and also saw it fly over.
Some said it was an airplane, and others said it was a chopper.
But i was not sure about what i was looking at, and then i simply ignored it.

We walk back and got the car and drove to wards home.
Then we put our four year old son in bed, and w8ted or the time to wake him up.
But then around 23.30 our son did not want to wake up, and then we decided to stay home.
And then when the time almost hit 12 o clock, i woke our son up to let him watch the firework.

Then it was midnight and we celebrated new year with the three of us.
And we don't drink or use drugs and then we stood there sober as a family watching the firework.
But then i saw a light fly with the same color as what i saw on that object earlier that evening.

Then i grabbed the camera of my kids and rushed to the attic to see and film it betters.
And then i saw two lights fly in a pair into the same direction.

But first i thought it must be balloons and then i saw them stop in midair, make turns, go up or down or fast and slow.
And then i saw one stop for a firework explosion in midair, and after the five explosions where over it continued it flies path.

They kept appearing, it looked like this.
First two, and then two minutes later i saw one and then three and then a minute later another one, or five minutes later and this when on and on and on.
They all came from the same direction and fly low and slow above the neighborhood between the firework.
And i am talking about real low above tree tops.

But my woman was skeptic and thought they must be balloons of firework and did not give the event much attention.
And i kept filming in a open window on our attic.
Because i could clearly see that they fly intelligent, and am not stupid or use medicines and i don't drink or use drugs.
I studied philosophy and religions, and humans history and ancients and modern wars.
I have a good idea of what is what, but what those things were a surprise to see.

They looked like a orange ball of light, with a red uttering and a bright core.
But then after 34 minutes of filming i got bored, because i could not see what they are.
And my woman kept saying that it was nothing and she got angry because i gave more time to those objects then about new year.

And on that point i saw three flying slow behind our home, like they were stationary.
Then i said to my woman, we can't say what they are unless we see some kind of weird action of them.
But the truth is, its forbidden to fly on new year's eve and still there are three objects flying there behind our home.

Then to my surprise a fourth light appeared right above our neighbor home, and fly directly towards our window.
I could not believe what i am seeing here, because one of those lights appeared 30 seconds after i said the words, that i need to see them better.
And it came straight to our window.
I said SOOOOOo.
My woman heard me and jumped up to, and also said SOOOO.
Then we stood there side by side saying soooooooooooooooo.

Because that object came as close as 9 meters or fewer and when it was closest to the window, it was around 3 meters i think.
it fly directly above our neighbor home, and right pass our window.
When it came flying towards us, it slowed down and fly in slow motion pass our window.

We had a chance to take a very good look at it.
And nobody can say us we saw this or that.
No no no no no.

What we saw was a car size object of light.
With a red uttering and a bright core.
And when the object was closest to our window, i looked right into the core and what i saw was some kind of shock for my rational mind.
My whole stomach turned around of the sight what i saw in the core of that object.

I saw some kind of solid plasma liquid energy in different colors.
Beautiful colors, and we could clearly see it like seeing any other thing around us.
That light was not a normal light, because our lights hurt our eyes but not that one.
We could see that it was a solid energy form, and that form is made of small things what have a color.
And they looked and shined like small diamonds in different colors, and those colors were in slow motion movement within each other.

And that made my stomach turned around like the feeling you can get, if you are in a roller coaster.
That moment when you go down.

Well same feeling i had when i looked into the core of that light.
We felt no heat, we heard nothing and only saw something what people say it don't exist.
But now we saw it with our own eyes and in close range, to close to say that it might be something else.

And the biggest mistake i made that evening was, to see if the camera settings were alright.
What i did not realized that i was filming in black and white the whole time, while i thought it was night scene.
I was filming with a philips handycam, what only have 5x zoom.
And when that object fly over, i did not use the zoom.

Then when the light was flying over, the other three light also fly over and right after it we saw more lights fly over.
And only after two minutes we looked each other and realized about what we just saw.
It was an eye opener for u, and in one part i was happy but real soon another part in me came up what was not happy.

Because i started to ask myself, why did a UFO fly that close to our window?
It clearly saw me filming the light.
And i was very paranoid after that, because i thought of my woman and kids.
I was not ready for some kind of alien encounter or black ops or what ever what is attached to that sighting.

And i got worried and needed answers asap, and search the internet for clues about this sighting.
And that maybe more people in the Netherlands saw them to.
Because i knew that my video would not proof what we saw.

Then i found a video of the same evening what filmed the same action.
And it was filmed by security cameras who filmed the skyline of Eindhoven.
Eindhoven is 70km from my home.
Put this video on the 28 minute mark and then watch til end and focus on the sky. [Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]

That video was a live video of a tv live program what filmed the skyline of Eindhoven , to film the firework.
Those security cameras film the same objects from different angles, coming from al kind of directions.
And they fly exactly as what how they fly above my home.
It happened around the same time area.

But i needed more answers and a week after new year's eve, i was walking with my dog and saw an orange light real low above farmland. Then i tried to film it and it dimmed his lights.
The next day i when back and saw the same light, in the same area.
But this time i run after that light, and again it vanished.

Then i knew that the area had something weird.
So, i when back to that area.
The area near my home contains farmland, a small lake and a small piece of forest.

And i needed answers asap, because the idea that some paranormal is after my family was devastated for me.
I could not accept that and w8 and do nothing.
I thought i rather go to hell and meet the devil , then to w8 for him to stand next to my bed.

Then on one evening i drove to wards what i call now as the hotspot.
And i saw a green light on the ground, next to a small road what leads into the forest.
The green light was on one side of the right and on the opposite was a orange light, but a little higher.

Then i drove towards the green light and the lights go off.
And the orange light when further to the back, the more i came closer, the further it when back.
Then i turned the car around and drive back and then the orange light also fly back.
Then i stopped at the point where the green light was on the ground and stood right next to area, and pointed the camera to the orange light but it was to far away to film it with my philips 5x zoom camera.

Then suddenly i saw another orange light appeared on my left and fly directly towards me.
I turned the camera around and then i saw the orange light dimmed his lights and fly to the sky.
Then i thought to myself, if they are dangerous, i would be dead by now.
That means they are not dangerous and they are just weird unexplained.

But i felt relief that they were not dangerous and since that day i came back to that area, to search for those lights.
And since 2014 till now i never made a report about these lights, because i honestly don't know if it's correct to make a report.
Because i am not waiting for sensation, i am not the type of guy for these things.
People around me know me and know that i am doing something else, we never told anyone about this.

Only our closes friends who we also brought there, and its our family secret.
I can say that since 2014 i had different encounters with star looking objects.
They all look like stars with the naked eye, even the one who come on the ground.

I saw objects on star level altitude, what hang around like a star and then later fly away.
They can latterly hang there for 15 minutes and i can easily overlook them, because they look like a regular star.
They also appear and fly like the ISS, and fly in a straight line.
I know they can do that because many times i saw three in 10 minutes, flying in opposite direction.

Iv seen them drop down like a falling star, and then fly further with a strobe light.
They can even do that horizontal, iv seen one appear and followed it for 8 seconds while it fly in high speed around me, on high altitude.

They can change colors or have multiple colors, while they only show one light source.
They can manipulate lights and create an optical illusion to fool or mislead people, that it can be a chopper, plane or balloon or star.
When they look like a star, then they are almost identical as Venus.

Iv seen them stationary above the treeline, and change color and on those moments they seems to have a huge energy reaction.
When they do that, they can get very bright.

iv also seen a full blown triangle shape object flying in slow motion above my head, silently.
When it did that, i saw no shape between the lights.
While a shape should have been visible, if it was an airplane.
It was very low, just above tree tops.

So after three years i notice something.
They appear on every clear sky, right after sunset.
They appear for a couple of hours and then vanish, not matter what season, its always the same.
They usually use orange color, but they change color real fast.
They never look the same, behavior is always the same.
I never can predict what they will do or appear.

They can vanish 100%, because this happened in my face.
I stood on farmland once and was filming a light on star level, above my head.
Then i saw in my left eye corner a light behind my.
I turned around and looked straight into a car size light, what was already on ground level and was moving slowly towards me.
It was on not even 20 meters and closing.
I said WOW and then gone, it vanished in my face.
I never saw anything vanish in my face before, only in a movie.

They can hover in a storm, like a rock in the sky.
There was a huge storm on 31 march 2015 in the Netherlands and i was curious if they would appear.
And then i saw them there, hang around like a rock in the sky.
The wind had no effect on them.

I saw them fly away in high speed and i filmed it.
a car size light came down behind me on a small lake, on maybe 500 meters behind me.
It when left and right and then suddenly it was gone, and i thought it dimmed his lights.
And only when i got home i saw it fly away in high speed and re appear in the same scene further to the back.
So it did not fly away out of the screen, then it could have been because i turn the camera.
But no, i did not.
It fly away in high speed to the back of the screen, and reappear there.
And iv encounter many more what is to much to explain here.

But the conclusion i want to share is, yes there is something, we have seen it very good.
We have seen it to close and to much and to many times to denied there presence.
In fact, we can't do that anymore.
Because we have seen to many things and we want to know who or what is behind them..
Who got a technology what is more advanced then ours?
And why is the military after them?

Yes i saw a chopper chasing an orange light, it was the most primitive action i saw in my life.
That's how i saw real good that they are something else.
The sighting was like a man with a spear run after a Ferrari, and the Ferrari hit gas and brake, gas and brake and then gone.
And the chopper was doing a hard time following it, like a man with a spear would do if he would run after a Ferrari.

So, my report could sound weird and you might ask yourself, why i never made a report before..
Well there is a simple answer for, because iv seen them to close and i saw that they are not dangerous, and i did not know what to do or who to trust, and there for i stayed anonymous and kept almost all data and information for myself or i share it with some other sky watchers.

I also have a youtubechannel where i shared some of my videos and a facebook page.
My goal is i want to know the truth, we saw something and i don't think it comes from here.
They go around our laws of science and they want to stay hidden, and they are not area related and also appear when we are in other places, they adept on the area.

Anyway this is my report what i completely filled in by my truth, and i could proof 80% of what i explained here with videos i have.
And from almost all the videos i have the raw footage.
What it looks like, there is something here what can manipulate light energy and mimic into stars, planes, choppers and balloons.
And if they were dangerous, i would have been dead by now.
Because many times i go along to farmland or into the forest and nothing happened, they stay on distance or show with lights that they will fly over and that's it.
I have no idea what they are or who they are, and the only thing i can think of is to keep filming to find out more answers.

On this moment i am in contact with some scientist who advice me to capture the light spectrum of those lights.
Like what they did in Hessdalen.
But i don't got the right hardware to do that, so i tried to improvise with a blanco cdrom pasted in front of the lens, and that's what i am testing right now.
This is my latest video report.
[Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]
