{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-07-16 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547198","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"18136","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2747,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/198/mufon-5547198.json","updb_database_id":5547198}
Huge rectangle/triangular object with bars of white light seen over loop 289

A friend and I were outside having a cigarette when I spotted a bright white light in the western sky. The light did at first appear very much to be a star. I could see no blinking lights. After only a few seconds it became very obvious that the light was moving and heading east, my next thought was it is an airplane. We have an international airport in lubbock so I am accustomed to seeing atleast 10-15 planes on any given night.  i saw the object make a sudden sharp change in direction due north, after maybe two or three minutes of moving southeast. At that point i could see what appeared to be a much smaller and different shade of white flashing on what I will call the back end of the object and what appeared to be the bottom. Suddenly the object made another sharp direction change heading back east. within only a few minutes we could see this object growing much larger seemingly flying very low and very slow directly over the loop which it right in front of my apartment. I felt like I would have been able to reach out and touch this object. Definately not any airplane I have ever seen. There was a distinctive set of two rows of lights, a top and bottom row, if you will.  The top had a very pronounced set of white beams or bar looking lights. The top had a blue flashing light on the western corner, the bottom had a red flashing light on the eastern corner, the rest were hot white. Even though this object appeared to be flying low and slow, however, based on the original point I first spotted it, this thing was massive and moving very, very fast. For a split second we saw the object make another sharp direction change to the north once again. While the object was turning we could see a very distinctive triangular shape to the object. The very interesting thing was were we could not see a lights it really just looked as though there was nothing there, just sky and the few scattered clouds in the sky. Oh and did I mention that we never heard any kind of sound from this thing! This is one of the best sightings I have had yet. I couldn't explain it. :)
