{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-05 19:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493198","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66319","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3211,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/198/mufon-5493198.json","updb_database_id":5493198}
{nd} Cloud watching - took pictures

At home, 7 p.m. on Friday, June 5. My husband was doing yard work so I walked around looking at the clouds. For a couple of weeks now, the clouds have been looking really strange. They are very feathery, which is not really unusual, but the cloud cover typically forms these patterns after I see planes/chemtrails (still don't know if I buy into this theory, but after this sighting, I'm not sure).

Like I said, the clouds were really feathery, except some in the distance, and one in particular. It had a grey tone to it and was round, like one would expect a small storm cloud to look, except it was too small to be that. Something told me to take a picture of it. I positioned my iPhone 6 in that direction and watched my viewfinder as the camera focused and snapped. When the photo snapped, I noticed, what looked like a pixel on my screen, flash. Immediately I reviewed the picture, not believing what I had just saw, and, sure enough, there was a craft. I watched for another 5 minutes, taking pictures of this cloud moving closer to my position. It scared me. I felt like it knew I saw it and was coming to check me out.

I went into the house to use the restroom and make another cup of coffee. Approximately 4 minutes passed and I returned to the front porch. The cloud was gone, completely. What remained were the large, whispy, feathery clouds that never moved. In Midland, Friday evening, we were under a wind advisory. The wind was blowing 20+ mph, I believe I read, but the only cloud that moved was this one.

Additionally, over the remainder of what looked like the city of Midland, was another feathery cloud, except when I looked up at it, it seemed to be fake. It was very thick and had a yellow haze to it. It also seemed relatively low to the ground, like I could climb a tall building and touch it. The photos I took didn't show the hazy effect, but you can see the "structure" (lines that look like vertebrae & ribs) these feathery clouds form. I'm seeing them (clouds) all of the time over the last couple of weeks.

Exact positions and distance from me are unknown. I'm no good determining distance like that. Plus, it's West Texas, so there aren't really any good reference points because of the desert environment.

I have other pictures of the cloud moving as well as a video, but none of them show any other objects, that I can see.
