{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-03 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283855","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119576","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":10753,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/855/mufon-5283855.json","updb_database_id":5283855}
Followed a very bright star; up close, a hovering craft with three rectangular lights. It reappeared in the opposite direction after streak of light.

At approximately 4:30 in the evening, I went to my car to do some errands. I immediately noticed a very bright white point of light in the sky. It drew my attention as it was significantly bigger and brighter than a star or a planet, but was not identifiable as an aircraft because it appeared to be completely stationary. 

Primarily, I felt excited to see it, and curious. In a separate event two months ago, I witnessed strange yellow lights that rose very slowly from the ground, forming a shape like a crooked box in the air. I hadn't taken the initiative at the time to take any pictures or video or call my partner to co-witness it, and so I didn't have any validation for that event (although I did observe on that occasion a small group gathered outside a bar staring up at it, some taking videos.) Since that day, every time I have ventured out in the evening I have scanned the sky hoping for another chance to record what I saw before. That is part of the reason why I was observing this object so carefully from the moment I saw it. 

It was different in size, color, movement and number from the strange lights I had seen previously, but due to its unusual brightness I felt that it still might rise to the level of an unidentified aerial phenomenon. I also noted that it was appearing in roughly the same region of the sky as the UAP I had previously observed, and (as was the case two months prior) I noticed it just as the sun was setting.

I also took note of a second, smaller, less bright object that appeared at the same time. I am still not sure whether this second object was a planet or an unidentified phenomenon. It definitely was not a star, as it was too large and it did not twinkle. At the time when I saw both of these objects, no other stars or planets were visible, as there was still a little daylight.

I was mostly interested in the brighter object, which I could not assign to any familiar category. It wasn't such a big-flashy event that I felt the need to start filming right away, but I kept an eye on it as I set off to do my errands, taking mental notes. It was clearly visible from several places in town miles apart, so I know it was quite high in the sky, but it was low enough that it couldn’t be seen from every location. It was equally bright from every location, but when I saw it from certain angles it almost seemed to have a metallic gleam and I couldn't tell if it was completely spherical. It didn't twinkle (in the sense of periodically dimming) like a star, but at some moments its light seemed almost to pulsate with extra beams. It remained stationary the entire time I was out and appeared to still be in about the same place when I parked in my usual spot upon arriving at home. I noticed, however, that it seemed to be slowly descending, as it was now starting to be obscured by the branches of the tree in my neighbor’s yard. 

At that point, I stepped out of my car and filmed a short video of the strange object, explaining my observations (I also accidentally took a lot of pictures while trying to figure out how to record a video.) This was to show my boyfriend, who was still at work. The video was too large to send, however, so I called him to explain what happened, beginning my story with the sentence, "I think I'm looking at a UFO." 

He spontaneously asked, "Are you talking about that really, really bright star?" It turns out he was on the Massachusetts Turnpike, heading toward Sturbridge, and he was staring at the same object. He told me the traffic had slowed and he suspected other drivers were slowing down to get a better view of it. 

He was still skeptical that he was seeing an unidentified phenomenon, theorizing that we were looking at a planet that had reached some rare orbital alignment that made it appear unusually bright. But after he arrived home, as we stood outside staring up at it, he noted out loud that it was definitely not perfectly round, and he thought he saw two extra pieces coming out of it. (His eye are sharper than mine, so I’ll take his word for it,. I did agree that it did not look perfectly spherical at certain angles. It is difficult to find words to describe or remember exactly the miniscule features of what was really just a large point of light, but it did at times seem as though light was reflecting off of it, and at times I think the shape could better be described as a knot than a dot.) 

The two of us decided to drive around to see where we could get a better view. It had been an hour and a half since I first saw the very bright light, and it was still in roughly the same place in the sky, so there is no way it could have been any known aircraft. As we drove around town, trying to see it better, we eventually turned onto Mashapaug Road, which is very woodsy. (As we drove, straining to see it between the trees, I kept my eyes on the other light, the planet-or-UFO. It helped me estimate where in the sky I could find the abnormally bright light - now yellow-white -which by now had descended close enough to the horizon that it was frequently hidden by branches.) 

Finally, we came to a spot where we had a long, uninterrupted view. I think the clearing in the trees was due to a body of water but by now it was completely dark and hard to see landscape. The light appeared appeared a very bright, golden yellow rather than white. My boyfriend kept saying, "Wow!" It was such a clear view, and it looked so bright. As we followed the curve in the road I think we encircled the object, coming so close that we could see it almost right above us. From this angle, it appeared to be a stereotypical saucer-shaped, hovering overhead with three rectangular lights on the bottom. We were both swearing and exclaiming because it looked so surreal. I was both thrilled and terrified to see something similar to what you'd expect in a science fiction movie. My boyfriend said, “That is definitely not an airplane!” He was unable to confirm the saucer-shape, as he was driving and had to watch the road, but we both saw the three rectangular lights and how it hovered above us.

There were other cars behind us, maybe also trying to get a glimpse (it is usually not a very busy road). We couldn't safely stop to examine, so we kept driving, watching it in glimpses as the trees came between us and the object, until we reached the gas station that borders the highway. We then turned the car around and drove back, however there was no longer any visible bright levitating objects in the woods. We turned around again and drove past the gas station onto the highway, hoping to locate the strange object. We saw it almost immediately on the highway, a bright golden-yellow light, low in the sky behind us. We drove until we were able to reverse-course and headed towards the light, but trees kept coming between us and we kept losing sight of it. (At several points I noted the second, maybe-planet-maybe-UFO in the sky appeared to have the same knotty, not-quite spherical quality, and I said, “That has to be another one.”) We were noting numerous identifiable aircraft in the sky at this time - airplanes mainly, as I recall. We speculated whether they were also trying to keep tabs on the strange light. It was easy to distinguish from identifiable aircraft because of its sheer brightness, as well as its closer location to the horizon. 

At one point, I saw a bright streak, like a very fast shooting star, and when next we saw the light it had moved and was behind us. We turned again, still trying to follow it as best we could through the trees. At one point as were staring at it we noticed a car pulled over on an access road with a better view, watching it also.

It seems to have gotten darker the longer that I observed it, changing from white to yellow-white to golden-yellow. When we last saw it, it was almost an orange light - still brighter than any of the planes or stars or planets in the sky - and it had moved far down the highway, as low as the level of the tree-tops in the direction of New York. We decided this was too far to keep chasing and went home - still searching the sky in case it came back or in case we saw another. But there was no sign of anything like it in the sky. 

When we arrived home, the brightest point in the sky now was what seemed to be an ordinary planet, and I couldn’t tell if this was the same maybe-planet-maybe-UFO that had accompanied the unnaturally-bright UFO. It was difficult to judge by memory how bright the second one had been compared to the normal heavenly bodies because I had only been approximating its brightness in comparison to the bright UFO. I had difficulty remembering its location for the same reason; I had been approximating its location based on its distance from the bright UFO, and now the bright UFO was gone. By this time it was approximately 8:30PM.

For background on the observers - I'm a historian who spends most of my time these days researching a book I'm writing on U.S. history and working online part-time. I'm also neurodivergent and used to being dismissed as weird. My boyfriend works in biotech and is usually not considered weird by anyone. He is pretty open-minded but definitely a scientist and needs to see proof before he'll believe in something as far-fetched as a mystery hovercraft outshining the stars.

I felt the after-affects of adrenaline after our surreal chase through the woods. I struggled to wrap my head around what I had seen and to experience the reality of it on an emotional level. I felt excited and afraid and we both kept looking out of the windows in case it showed up again. It still didn't seem real and I still don't know quite what to make of it. It was really, really cool, and really, really weird.
