{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-01-15 07:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495855","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63567","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2868,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/855/mufon-5495855.json","updb_database_id":5495855}
We saw a UFO, cigar shaped, up close, unbelievable, this is the first I have shared with the public. Wish I had pictures to share!

I was working south of Grand Prairie, Alberta off the Forestry Trunk road. My business was working for oil companies, slashing trees on seismic lines. We were staying in a seismic camp as it was in a remote location. It was a small contract so I only had one worker with me. We left camp around 6:50 a.m. in January, it was a very starlight sky early in the morning, I turned off the main road to exit onto the line we were working on, I looked up in the sky and saw a bright light equivalent to the evening star, I said to my worker, there is a UFO, he responded laughing and said he didn't believe in UFO's. Within seconds after seeing it, it turned into a light the size of a jet you would see coming in for a landing. We didn't realize the timeframe. It came down at the end of the seismic line, about a mile to about 2 miles from where we were on the line, it stopped, turned and came up adjacent to the truck above the tree tops. My worker, jumped out of the passenger side of the truck and hopped up onto the hood of my truck. I was driving and had stopped, I rolled my window down, and stared at the object in shock. The UFO was a huge cigar shape, there was no sound, the ship had huge big windows all the way down the length of the UFO. Underneath the huge windows, were small port hole windows. They looked like the size of windows on a 747 jet. The windows were all lite up like looking into a house in the dark with lights on. Remember it was still dark! My worker and I stared at the UFO, but not sure how long it was there, then all of sudden, gently it started to glide away, turned off to the right, had a red pulsating light on the end of it. It was gone in a flash! Then my worker jumped off the hood and got back into the truck. We sat there and stared at each other for a few moments in disbelief of what we just witnessed. He asked me how I felt, I told him I felt like I had just drank a 26 of whiskey and woke up with a hangover, his reply was he felt the same. We both felt physically and mentally drained. We went on with our day, running our power saws and all day we both kept looking at the sky. No cells, no photos!
