{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-25 10:27:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499855","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59270","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3085,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/855/mufon-5499855.json","updb_database_id":5499855}
we were landing at Abu Simbel airport. I saw a pyramid mound in the distance and as I went to take a picture saw a flash of light in great speed accelerate in the direction we were flying in. I noticed an orb shape. I'm not 100% sure if it was a UFO.

It was July 25th 2014 and myself and my tour group were headed to Abu Simbel airport and were beginning our descent. I noticed a pyramidal mound in the distance out of the left side of the plane Window. When I went to take the picture all of a sudden out of nowhere I saw a bright beam of white light and flash accelerate at great speed in the same direction we were flying in. The flash of light was only visible for about 4-5 seconds and was out of sight in a short period of time. I then went to look at the photo and zoomed in 100%. I noticed that the object look like an orb object that I've seen in other Ufo photos I have viewed online and ufo hunters. I wouldn't have noticed the object if I hadn't first noticed the ancient mound structure in the background. Being a person fascinated by ufo sightings and extraterrestrial beings my immediate reaction was a deep feeling and intuition that it was indeed a non-earthly space craft. I am rh negative, meaning my blood type is not inherent to this planet and have witnessed 2 other sightings in the past, both during night. This was my first encounter in the day time where I actually had a camera handy. After the picture of the mound was shot I tried to rush to flip my recording option on to get the object on film but by then it was out of sight. All I have is the photo to study but would like an expert's opinion as I am not 100% positive this was a Ufo. The motions the object made were in a straight path as the same direction of our flight, what took me off guard was the sudden appearance of the object and the great speed it appeared to have. It also left some type of abnormal cloud in the distance although the normal clouds were a great distance beneath the plane and craft. Everything happened so fast so I didn't get a chance to really observe the object long enough to know exactly what it was. I did feel a surge of excitement and shock, even a heart pounding reaction. I showed my friend who was sitting next to me on the plane the photo and another friend once I got home from vacation, both who said the object looks odd. My friend urged me to submit the photo.
