{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-02-28 23:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469855","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90654","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3066,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/855/mufon-5469855.json","updb_database_id":5469855}
{jpg} Driving on highway 339 and saw flashing lights, came down like spotlights, NO helicopter or planes around or any sounds. Phone could not make any calls afterwards.

I was driving on highway 339 near Yerington Nevada, where the 339 and 208 meet. I was making a road trip to visit my boyfriend in southern California and did not want to drive during the day because I just wanted to get there already because I knew the drive would be long. I left around 10:30pm and got to the spot i spotted these lights at around 11:20. Funny thing is I had downloaded some podcasts to listen to on my long drive and I love listening to conspiracy ones so I was actually listening to a podcast at the time of this event, the title of the podcast was "Where are all the aliens?" So I was driving on the road listening to the podcast and out of nowhere I see a light come through the trees as if a helicopter spotlight was searching for someone. I immediately turn off the podcast and look around as I am driving. I look up in the sky and start slowing down but see nothing, no plane, no helicopter, nothing. I did not even hear one noise. So I keep driving and see to the left a barn with a porch like lamp on the side of it and that was not enough light to make that big cast of light so I cancel that out. I keep driving about 30 more seconds and I see the light again, I am telling you this light was so huge and big it could not have been a flashlight, barn lamp, or car lights because it was 11:20 pm and all that was to the left of me was mostly farm land. I keep thinking it is still a helicopter spotlight so I keep looking around but can not see a thing in the sky. So at this point I am a little freaked out, I decide to try and call my boyfriend and the phone call would not go through, It would just say called failed without even ringing. I once again keep driving and saw the light once more, this light was not as bright as the first two times but still looked like a spotlight. By the way on the side where I kept seeing lights was mostly trees and farmland. I did not see anymore lights after that but did have a eerie feeling the rest of my night driving. I felt like I was being watched all throughout my drive through sweet water road. That road is very lonely and has lots of trees and rocks on each side and it was just not a good feeling driving through that at night.
