{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-17 22:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530855","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24610","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2872,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/855/mufon-5530855.json","updb_database_id":5530855}
Non moving for the most part - 1 big/quick movement.

I live in North Dallas. I was in my back yard taking the new puppy for a potty break. Out of my peripheral vision I noticed a really bright star. I wondered for a split second if it was the North Star, but had never seen any star (planet or comet) so bright/big before. And then realized it was off toward the West. I wondered if it was a planet, but it seemed to big. 

I was lined up with the waterfall in our backyard and it was directly in the middle of three branches surrounding it. I watched it for ten minutes and it didn't move; it didn't deviate one bit. I thought maybe it's a plane from a very, very far distance away moving toward me. But at the same time it didn't move, and even if the object was moving toward me it should be getting slightly bigger or smaller if moving away. 

At that point I heard my puppy and turned to see her doing #1 in the grass, when I turned back the object had dropped over a foot lower and about the same distance to the right/north. I'm not sure the exact mathematics on it, how big this was or how far away it was. But due to the distance it looked to be, I can't think of any plane that could or would hover motionless for ten minutes and then move in the amount of time it did and stay motionless again. The whole time I couldn't make out a shape. I just thought it looked like the brightest star I had ever seen by far, without comparison. At least 100x brighter. It was a radiating light. It wasn't yellow, or white, and there were no blinking lights around it. It seemed to have a tinge of green. You know when they o a whitening gum commercial and the tooth sparkles, that's what it did. It wasn't glowing, bright rays of light glinted off of it. I looked up stars and planets in the night sky and we're not supposed to have anything visible to the naked eye until August.

I went inside to make sure everything was closed and locked, after that I made sure my son was asleep. It was five minutes at most. I went back out and it was gone, nowhere visible in the sky surrounding our backyard. 

I don't know what this was, maybe there is an explanation I haven't thought of. I just can't imagine what that might be. If anyone saw the same thing or has an answer I'm all ears.
