{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1902-12-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5182523","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"k5ohye","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5182523,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Dogs began howling and at about the same time, an odd cyclic humming soundwas heardDate: Thu, 22 Sep 2005 06:43:22
-0700

From: Joan Woodward, Animal Reaction Specialist
Subject: Bellingham WA, December 8, 2002

Category: 4
To: Francis Ridge, NICAP Site Coordinator

Animal Reaction Feature:
Dogs in the Sudden Valley area began howling and at about the same
time, an odd cyclic humming sound was heard. Looking around,
witnesses saw a large object with a repeating, spectacular light
display. The object was nearly overhead when first seen, and at
this point, the witnessesdog appeared bothered and jumped inside their
vehicle whose door was open [not stated if this dog vocalized or
howledjw]

The Sighting:
Sudden Valley [48.723°N, 122.345°W], mentioned in the
sighting, is located next to Lake Whatcom and is 9.5 miles SE of
Bellingham.

The two witnesses were husband and wife. At 8:45 PM PST,
they were at home in a generally wooded environment. The wife was
standing outside watching her husband chop wood when the sighting
occurred. Both submitted reports to NUFORC, and Peter Davenport
spoke to the husband, finding him credible and cogent. Duration
of the sighting was estimated as 5-10 minutes (wife) and 2-3 minutes
(husband).

The night was reported as clear, star-filled, and cold. [End
of twilight was 4:41 PM PST; a 23% visible waxing moon crescent set at
8:53 PM (U.S. Naval Observatory). Planets were not a factor, with
only Saturn visible low in the east (Heavens-above.com). Auroras
were not expected (Spaceweather.com).jw]

The sound.--The husband described the sound as a hum that cycled
from low to high to low. The wife described the sound as strange,
loud, and eerie, and she thought it was coming from deep in the woods.

The object.--Searching for the source of the sound, the husband
looked up and saw a hovering object. He described seeing a red
light make a circle at the top and cascade down to the base, thus
showing the size of the object (huge). Once the red light reached
the center of the base at the bottom, four lines of light went from the
center to the outside, completing a circle around the outside of the
object [as best I can understandjw]. The amazing displaywas
repetitive. The husband followed the craft on foot as it moved
south, seeming to follow their driveway, made a right angle turn to the
west, now following a street. He said he got a side view of the object
and described its shape as like a top hat with a circular base.
He estimated the object was 200 feet in diameter, and estimated its
altitude as ~1,000 feet.

The wife described round lights of green, yellow, and a large red
light. She described the lights coming from the center of the
object and further described lines of light that went from the center
to the outer part, lighting up the underneath of the entire
object. She also described a repetitive light display. She
thought the shape was triangular,[whether a horizontal or vertical
triangle is not statedjw]. When she first saw the object it was
slightly to her left, right aboveher. She agreed the object moved
south along the drive and then made a right-angle turn to follow the
street. She also thought the objects altitude was ~1,000 feet,
and she thought the object moved with a zigzag pattern as her husband
was following it down the street.

No EM or physiological effects were reported.

[NOTE: Blimp seems at least a remote possibility when considering
this sighting.  A search for blimp night advertising
displaysshows advertising blimp display broads up to ~80-100 feet
long and 20-45 feet wide, one on each side of the blimp, with thousands
of lights. If the sound or the light display strikes anyone as
something they might have encountered associated with an advertising
blimp, it would be interesting to hear about it
(sky.cat@att.net)--jw]

Reference: National
UFO Reporting Center

12/8/02 20:45

Bellingham

WA

Other

2-3 min

The lights display wasnothing like i'd ever
seen but the SOUND..Everyones dogs were howling crazy

12/23/02

12/8/02 20:45

Bellingham

WA

Other

5-10 min

The Sound..was incrediable,the dogs went
crazy,the light display was amazing

12/23/02
