{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459379","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102131","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6056,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/379/mufon-5459379.json","updb_database_id":5459379}
{tjd} Close UFO encounters followed with visions.

Hi, I have had multiple close encounter with orbs of white fire where they still sometimes flash at me from the night sky. Then Visions of God and his Angels after these close encounters. "Note" that i am former military and law enforcement with extreme skepticism of UFO's/Aliens and all things of the paranormal with no Visions/Mental health issues prior to these events. After these events my reality has been changed completely.

The first night i surrendered to Jesus i lifted my hands to the sky and said "let all creation see that i surrender to my Jesus". Then soon after from the North,East a blimp of white fire showed up maybe the size of a semi truck lit up then turned off the white fire and glowed dim red, like hot coils on a stove. I think it was a geometric pattern. then it would quickly light up the white fire. after i witnessed the blimp, from the east of my house i saw a spotlight beam down about 300 meters away. I thought it was a helicopter at first then it would shut off and turn back on closer than it was before. It did this a few times until it was over me about 200 to 250 meters with an orb of white fire spot light down on me, then it vanishes with no sound. That was the first night.

The second night i came out in the middle of the night and a flashing star from the North, East began to quickly flash from the Cassiopeia constellation for about 20 seconds or so. then 2 bluish almost see through orbs come down from the North and do a dance with each other for about 30 seconds then fly up in the clouds and flash big and disappear like lightning with no sound. Then shortly after about 50 meters above me an orb of white fire beams down light on me for about 3 seconds then disappears. I felt a hint of warmth to it. This scared me, i personally thought i was going to get sucked up. So i went into the house.

The third night i didn't go out i stayed in, I was a little spooked. So on the fourth night i finally had enough courage to go out and confront again and sure enough out of the Cassiopeia constellation was a star that was flashing rapidly. As i focused on it, to my left about 15 feet away was about half the size of a car was a sphere of white fire burning right in front of me. I looked at it in disbelief. It stayed on for about 3-5 seconds then disappears with no sound...

For about 2 weeks i would see rapid flashing from the night sky and random flashes of light that would burn for at least a second or two. In those two weeks i began to see things move then vivid visions of Spirits/People/Angels/Demons etc etc. These visions were constant and fluid/very real, like a HI Definition TV when i closed my eyes. It was vivid with me at least until February of 2018. Where my visions now have tampered down quite a bit. But are still constant just not as vivid. I have to focus on them. 

a few weeks later from my first encounters i went to my pastor Rick for guidance telling him i am seeing things and these orbs of white fire. He said it was demons playing with me. So that night i went to confront them again out side in the back yard and one came out about 50 meters from me flashing then glowing dark red like got coils from a stove. I cant remember the pattern just that i remember it was geometric. It flashed at me for about 30 seconds as i yelled at them for being demons. 

There are 2 witness Betty and Natasha that have seen these close flashes of light. I was telling Natasha about all that was happening to me and while i was pointing up at the sky, just like it was on Que a bright flash come down and puts Natasha to tears. 

There is another incident with Diaz that was supernatural is how i can describe it. WIth my visions i would see foggy orbs come down and when they were vivid i could reshape them. Its crazy talk but i could mold them into different shapes like funnels. Dias and i were at the park after hours. He said Eric send me some good vibes so i would use my visions with my eyes open and i shaped an orb in front of him that turned into a funnel touching his four head. It began to get foggy around us and he looks around and says why is it so foggy around here. Then he looks up right at the funnel im projecting and he actually sees a swirling fog that scared the piss out of him. He jumped up and goes what the F*** is that and runs off. He comes back a minute later saying i dont know what the hell that was but it was freaky. Dias actually saw a part of my visions.

There is more to tell you about these supernatural events. In my visions the lord would tell me to raise my hands to heavens and praise him and when i did i started to feel actual magnetic energy on my hands. When i would bring my hands together closer i would even feel a push back on them. Like when you put two magnetic together that would push on each other,
In my visions Angels and spirits would interact with me through this magnetic sensation im feeling in my hands. It would actually feel like light pressure with no sensation with no tickle feeling when they would touch my hands through my visions. 

The only thing that makes sense to me with all this happening is after i surrendered to Jesus, God sent his angels to celebrate and the Holy Ghost is interacting with me on a personal level that only i can feel and understand through visual and physical sensations. 

If you have any questions/answers for me let me know.
