{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-01-01 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528379","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27204","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":11470,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/379/mufon-5528379.json","updb_database_id":5528379}
Blue orb appeared to descend from stars and come right outside my window, and then into my room. It was pure energy and about the size of a volleyball. It moved along beside me and changed shapes 3 times.

I was a child of about 8 years of age. I had strong religious beliefs and spoke to God often. In retrospect I think this was partially due to a personal crisis, after which I became withdrawn and sad throughout the rest of childhood. I often had trouble getting to sleep, or waking for periods of the night. At such times I would talk to God. This particular night I became very distressed, and was crying and begging God to help me - to let me see him, or take me up to heaven now. I stared up into the stars and asked something like "are you there? Can you hear me?... please listen to me...” etc. My eyes noticed a particular star seeming to twinkle more than others, my window faced North, and the star was somewhat to my right (North/East) and well up into the night sky. I asked "Is that you making the star move? Please show me something to be sure. I need to see you , even if I have to die."  
At that point, the "star" moved visibly toward me, clearly moving at a steady rate, with purpose and toward earth, toward me. I thought perhaps I was about to see an angel.
My tears dried and chilled as I opened the louver windows to get a better look and be sure I wasn't imagining things. Suddenly, what I had thought was a star (or came from one) was right outside my window , less than 2' from my face. It was a perfect blue sphere of radiant energy. I did not notice any heat, and was too little to know if what I was feeling was some kind of energy from it, or whether it was my own bodily response to shock. The orb emitted a very subtle vibrating sound, a quiet humming is the closest I can approximate, but it seemed organic rather than mechanical. The orb seemed to slightly contract and expand, in an out ½ or so. It looked like nothing I had ever seen or heard of. It was a beautiful blue infused by white light energy that was like millions of pulsating tiny strings or rays of electricity or blue fire. I was both shocked and riveted. I stared at it hovering outside my window for several seconds, and finally formed the thought "Is this what angels really look like?" 
At that point, as if it heard my thought, it passed through the window. Though somehow substantive itself, it did not change as it glided right through the panes of glass into my room, hovering right next to me about a foot above my mattress. I backed up a little (I was on a top bunk bed, so there wasn't much room to move), because I had the feeling I probably shouldn't touch it. It came along on the right, beside my head and then began to change shape. As it moved slowly and deliberately (parallel to me) down the right side of my bed, it took the shape of a falcon or hawk... It was still composed of the same blueish light, but it was more difuse, a little less bright as it took on an expanded and different form. It seemed to be trying to communicate something important to me. I got the impression this is something I should pay close attention to, and always remember. I also had the impression it was “thinking that to me.” Then as it continued slowly on, it changed and took the shape of some kind of dog, sort of wild looking, but not a wolf or coyote. Then it began to change again, but as it did, it went right down over the edge of the bed. I thought it had disappeared, but suddenly it reared back up over the end of the mattress, appearing as a cobra with its neck flared out fully, sort of standing up as they do. That was the first time I really got scared. It was the suddenness of reappearing in another form that scared me. 
Then it was gone. I waited several minutes staring into the dark room in fear. I finally got the courage to clamber down to the floor and run to the bathroom to turn on the light. I had no idea what to make of it, but assumed God had sent a messenger and it was up to me to figure out the message. I had the idea it would become clear later in life, and that for now I had been given some kind of answer, maybe even a promise. 

It never occurred to me that this could be a UFO. Whatever it was, it seemed to be an individual. Recently however, I have seen some documentaries about UFOs and also about Paranormal Investigations which mentioned several types of encounters similar to mine.
I also came across some ancient Hindu descriptions that may be a similar thing called a blue pearl. 
Very recently I have been watching the series "Ancient Aliens," and some of the content really intrigued me with regards to understanding my blue orb visit. I ended up searching the inter net, and finding out that the Egyptians had star maps indicating the place of our origins associated with Orion, and the Pleiades. 
In examining details of graphic depictions of these, I learned that RA (who seeded the earth) was shown as a man with a falcon head and an orb above it. Also, Anubis was another god, who was represented as a man with the head of a jackal. (Finally, I found a wild dog that looked like the one I saw that night, it was large like a wolf, but more aquiline and not furry as a wolf, and even more intelligent than a fox or coyote). Anubis is associated with the traveling of the soul between life, death and rebirth; he is also the one depicted as the judge of souls (shown weighing the heart of the deceased against a feather, meaning the heart must be light and unburdened in order to pass into a new life). Last, I found out there is a Goddess represented by the cobra. Her name is Wad-jet. She is associated with the colors green and blue. She protects other deities and the Pharaoh. She is shown either as a woman with a cobra head, cobra with a woman's head, simply a cobra, or an orb with the head and tail of the cobra wrapped around (positioned above the head of whatever deity she is protecting). She is shown either at the foot of the pharaoh or above his head, and her symbol became part of the pharaoh's crown for that reason.

It may be very tempting to assume I’m not a rational person, and that this was simply a vivid dream or wild imagination. I know it was an actual occurrence. I am a very rational person, and have never had any type of psychosis. I have had other unusual experiences in my life, but none so compelling as this one. I am an artist, retired government analyst, beekeeper, and jack of many other trades. 

I would like to know if you have heard of cases similar to this. I would also like to know if those in your organization have ideas about what this entity was trying to convey to me. Over the years, I came to think that perhaps the animals represented three stages in my life: childhood, adulthood, and old age. (Because of my art training, I thought perhaps the falcon/hawk was a symbol of my relative isolation during childhood, the dog a symbol of loyalty and commitment representing the years raising a family, and the cobra symbolizing wisdom (as in some eastern culture)to represent the years after menopause. This was the only message I could extract from it.
However, I have begun to wonder. After learning of star maps associated with specific entities from the stars, that take the form of the falcon, jackal and cobra – I have begun to rethink God’s message and messenger(s). Seen in that context and reviewing the order of events, it seems I may have encountered a being from another star system. This entity transformed from an orb, to a falcon or hawk (RA the God who seeded Earth, to the jackal (Anubis, the God of traveling between life and death and rebirth), and then to a cobra (Wad-jet, protector of other gods, often appearing as an orb above them). What could that mean? I was begging to see God, or at least an angel, and I was answered with this being of light. If I were to pursue the line of thought that this could in fact be a direct answer from those who seeded this earth, I am still left wondering what is the message. 
I insist on clinging to the idea that there is a message because the orb didn’t speak, but it did convey thought to me, and appeared to perceive my thoughts. I am sure this is something I was meant to ponder, while assuring me that there was more life beyond this one, and that I was heard when I spoke my thoughts to God.
Orb, Falcon, Jackal, Cobra… Orb, Ra (aka Horus), Anubis, Wadjet… Perhaps the orb was my guardian angel (angel, entity… whatever; it was a benevolent being) carrying a message.  The message is either about actual entities Ra, Anubis and Wadjet; or these represent a picture of human context in relation to our creators or ancestors from the stars. If the latter were the case, it could mean that RA indicates the seeding of the earth and/or the present life I am living; that Anubis represents a guardian to allow passage onto another life, provided one is spiritually prepared… or maybe even a go between the worlds, whom one may give and receive information through; and then the last, Wadjet, a reassurance of protection, and perhaps the source of the orb.
I don’t know… this isn’t getting clearer yet. Perhaps some of those in your organization who subscribe to the ideas presented in the series “Ancient Aliens” would be able to shed more light upon this. Or maybe you can tell me if there are cases similar to mine… I do not think this is like the Marfon lights or whatever they’re called. This thing was a living being of some kind, very powerful and good.
Also, I don’t know much about astronomy. Based on the fact that my window faced North, and that the “star” came down from the sky at say 2 or 3 o’clock (North/East and up about midway from horizon to straight up…) is there any way to know where it came from? Unfortunately, I don’t really recall the time of year, but I remember when it was all over with, the louver windows were very cold when I closed them… in southern California, that would seem to be winter. I also am uncertain of the exact hour. I do know it was several hours after me and my siblings were sent to bed (9pm), and then about 11 I heard my mother go to the bathroom, brush her teeth and go to bed, and then I heard my dad watch TV until after some comedy show that ended around midnight… so I guess maybe it was 1:00 a.m.

There are more things I would share about this if someone seems to take it seriously and have an understanding and information that might be helpful. But I’m already way out on a limb sharing this.
Assuming someone has read this, thank you for your time.

I am reluctant to give a blanket release of info to 3rd parties. However, if someone specifically wishes to respond to this message, I may be willing to give a partial release, if it is both necessary & beneficial.
