{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-26 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469379","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91153","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2865,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/379/mufon-5469379.json","updb_database_id":5469379}
A string of spherical red orbs rising up into the sky at high speed, always moving, some circled, and descended again.

I was walking home at about 8:15pm in the evening. I live in a small town about 25 miles east of London. As I walked along the pavement, something in the night sky caught my eye. I stopped, turned to the west and looked into the sky. I saw a string of small, bright red orbs rising up into the sky at an angle (not vertically). They were as many as 20 small red orbs, all the same size, all constantly moving at the same speed, close together, moving as if attached to a cord (like a string of red Christmas tree lights). The orbs were a constant bright red, constant spherical shape, and constant speed. They were quite some distance away, maybe 10 miles away so it is difficult to estimate the speed, but these objects were covering quite a distance in the sky so I judged them to be moving fast, at a steep angle and much faster than planes, and very nimbly. As I watched, they rose up from 30 degrees, following each other up into the sky to about 60 degrees up, then moved in a circular motion at the same speed, swirling around within a large cloud that was in the sky, some traveled back down again. The red orbs were some miles away, which would put them above East London area. The red orbs were much bigger than aeroplane lights that I'm well used to seeing in the night sky above my home town. I live directly under a busy flight corridor, so I am used to looking at planes gliding overhead (east-west), flying to several major airports in the London area. These red orbs moved fast, and swirling around in a tight turning radius, nothing like how a plane would move, and there were so many of them packed together, up to 20 all following each other. I got my phone out of my pocket and checked the time. I stood, rooted to the spot, watching these red orbs fly around the sky for several minutes. I was surprised by what I was seeing in the sky, it caught me by surprise. I did not stop to think that this might be worth taking a picture or video of. I wanted to get home, so I continued walking back home, leaving the red orbs still moving around the sky.
