{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-02 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524379","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31488","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6559,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/379/mufon-5524379.json","updb_database_id":5524379}
Three sittings over 9 years....see below for details

1st sitting: July of 2002. From living room of house at 10,600 ft. asl. sitting on couch looking through windows at the peaks of mountains (ski areas) above Breckenridge, CO. Was looking out at peak 9 and 10 (from Emmet lodge Rd) and noticed a 'huge' submarine like object hovering (stationary) between the 2 peaks on the West side of Breck. It wasn't moving at all. Metallic dull grey in color and could only see the 'front' of the object, but because of the 'nose' of the object it was easy to assess that it was an actual 'nose/front' of a very large cylindrical object having no wings or other extended phalanges of any kind. It Stayed there for at least 2 hrs. totally motionless (I did not report it or mention it to anyone).

2nd. Sitting: Nov. 18th. 2008 about 3:15 am. Observed from new residence in Blue River (10,240 ft asl) just south of Breckenridge on rt.#9. Was up late that night and lounging on the couch while reading. After, turning out the lights and just relaxing in the dark while looking out at the many, many astonishing stars on a clear unobstructed night noticed 'one' particular star (at least it looked like a star, but I could not tell how distant it was although it looked like a star among the others) began to expand its countenance so-to-speak. It caught my eye and I was fixed on it. Now, you know how in movie films the camera man zooms in on a shot of a particular object or person -- as in really quick spaced steps? You know, how the object through 2 or 3 really fast and deliberate steps zooms closer to you and immediately takes place and the object or person is immediately in your face as you are viewing the movie? Well, that is exactly what happened: with only about 3 or 4 immediate 'zoom steps' towards me the object presented itself and then abruptly stopped over the mountain my house faces just above the trees. It was absolutely amazingly beautiful...a spherical shaped (flying saucer type) with windows all around...like a mouth piece on harmonica's face (spaces for placing the mouth over to give out harmonics). The 'harmonica's face/windows' from what I could see were faint but noticeable and well defined, filled with radiant white-gold light and also wrapped in a beautiful and brilliant golden white light that almost concealed the object in its stunning auric glow. Yet, as I said it was quite view-able and defined in its saucer shaping. It was about 1/2 or 3/4's of a mile above me as it hovered over the tree tops of the mountain where my house faces. It hovered there for about 20 seconds or so in brilliant array as if showing itself off in all its splendor--No, there was no inward revolving of the 'windows' from what I could observe.However, the up and bottom borders of the windows did look as if they were revolving. No other lights than what I have described. It was about the size (from that distant) of about 2 football fields. Then it backed up at a 90 degree angle, i.e. lifting it's back end up as if the 'harmonica type face/windows' were pointing directly down toward the trees. Again, with the windows pointing down...it backed upward - paused for a brief second and then descended instantly behind the mountain. It was absolutely incredible.

Sitting # 3: This just took place the other night about 2:30 am. The stars were visible on a clear night. It seemed like ten's of thousands of them were out and there was a lot of commercial plane activity as well. All of a sudden from the same directions of DIA (Denver International Airport)an object shaped just like the space shuttle flying-more like gliding at such a perfect hypnotizing-gliding type of speed. It was positively stunning in its flight pattern. Just gingerly gliding only about a mile or so above the mountain that my house faces with commercial airline planes flying miles and miles above it. The entire object was shaped exactly like the NASA space module except for one thing: the entire object was pure white-yellow light...that's correct; the entire object was entirely light shaped just like the NASA space module and about 3 to 5 x's the NASA space module's size by my visual observation and subjective assessment as to measures.yet, clear enough all the same! The observation took about 30 seconds as it passed over the mountain--my house and the mountains on the other side of where I reside (Mount Quandry) and continued 'gliding' at that pure and perfect pace--looking absolutely care-free and chilling out. Like the other two sittings there were no sounds. Of course, being in Colorado one has to wonder whether it is 'our's or 'extra-terrestrial' because of the government bases in the area. 

Note: In the last two weeks there have been some very strange occurrences in the night skies taking place above where I reside. Just early this morning around 2 a.m.: As I was looking out the window toward the skies there was a very brief projection of a lighted object of which shape I cannot describe. It took place so fast and unexpected, yet visible enough for my eyes to catch it. It wasn't lightning or a comet (shooting star) albeit...about an hour later I did notice a comet flashing by. Another, occurrence that took place two nights in succession about 1 am where there was much cloud covering because of storms were flashes of lights in sequence order of motion with triangular shapes beside one another totaling 4 in a row equal distant apart from one another. They flashed two times as if there were moving behind the clouds. Now, whether these last two occurrences I am posting are storm phenomena of some type...I cannot say for sure. However, as far as the 3 sittings mentioned above I have described them as best I could. Why I have been 'fortunate' or just in the right place at the right time to observe these objects--I can't say, because I would think it unusually to see 3 different UFO's over a period of 8 years...at least I think so!
