Case Number: 1714 18122021

Date: 21 February 2013.

Approximate Time: 14:00 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Summer.

Witnesses: V. F. V., 49 years old.

Description: The informant reported seeing what he considered "ships" at 14:00 on 21 February 2013 in Tongoy, in the Coquimbo Region, while on his way to Andacollo.

The user described the reported sighting as a white circular object, 5 to 10 centimeters in size. He added that it was visible for 11 to 20 seconds to the north of his location.
He concluded his report by stating: "An object suspended where I believe it was escorted by other 3 ships that are a little ahead."

Along with the report, he attached the photograph shown in Figure 1.

                             Figure 1. Photograph of the case.

The image that supported the report was analyzed using computer programs, confirming that it was digitally altered and captured on the reported date using a Nokia C7-00 cellular phone in horizontal position.
Based on the photograph, the photographer's location was georeferenced at coordinates 30° 15' 27" South Latitude and 71° 29' 39" West Longitude. (Figure 2)

Figure 2

In Figure 3, the saturation levels of the photograph were adjusted, revealing three groups of reflections enclosed in red rectangles and marked with a red arrow. This image indicated that the photograph was taken through the windshield of a vehicle, and that the numbered elements were
opaque and that what was reported had generated or reflected light.
                                      Figure 3

Furthermore, Figure 4 shows that while the front surface of the phone
was metallic plastic, its back was white (5a) and that the main camera
was located next to a flash composed of two lights covered with convex
lenses (5b).

                       Figure 4. Nokia C7-00 model phone.

The position of the flash lights as well as the surface of the back of the Nokia
It resulted consistent with the object under study and the reflection indicated with the red arrow in Figure 3.

At the moment of capturing the image, the Sun was slightly outside the scene depicted, but faced the camera. For this reason, the high luminosity made the camera automatically configured with a closed diaphragm, which increased the field length and allowed the four elements assimilated to flying objects to stay in focus. Under these conditions, it is highly likely that the dark elements were
Because of being opaque to light and corresponding to dirt on the windshield.

Images: The study medium of the report was a photograph contained in a
file in jpg format.

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the narrative and the results of the
geographic, forensic, and photographic studies, it was determined that what was
reported was the reflection of a cell phone and dirt on the windshield through
which the photo that originated the report was taken.

Therefore, the case was closed and classified as "Explained."
