{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-08-11 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548117","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"12364","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2792,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/117/mufon-5548117.json","updb_database_id":5548117}
UFO/Military craft? over skies of Vizag

On August 11, 2008, We had gone to Sivaji park, Visakhapatnam with my brother-in-law, to take the kids on an outing. Just as we were returning from the park, I wanted to point out Venus to the children. It was 7:00 pm Indian Standard Time. Venus or what I thought was Venus was fairly high in the sky. I could see it as I stood. It was then that we saw the UFO. It was somewhat high in the sky 1 judge it to be between 1-2 km altitude, moving in a steady south westerly direction somewhat parallel to the orientation of the park. It should be noted that there is an airport about 5 km directly in this direction. The skies were somewhat cloudy but since it was high in the sky, we could see it clearly. What was visible was a dome (it seemed to be glass) with pulsing green, red and yellow lights. The lights seemed to be tied to the reactions inside the engine. When I first saw it, the craft was slightly to the left of Venus, then it lined up with it and continued on its southwesterly route. The lights were clearly visible. A commercial aircraft which was at a much lower altitude (about 300 m) allowed us to compare notes 1 colors were similar although the pulsing was more rapid in the UFO. It was also moving at least 4-5 times faster than the commercial aircraft. What struck us was the speed with which the craft was moving and the total noiseless-ness (we could not hear the commercial craft either). The speed was definitely above mach 1 yet it was completely noiseless. Was the noise being muffled by clouds? I have to say that I have observed commercial jets and they move very slowly and are much slower; I have also seen the space shuttle flying over Minneapolis the craft was atleast as fast if not faster than the shuttle. It was gone from the horizon in 2 seconds, the time it took my brother-in-law to move about 15 feet. Also the dome seemed larger and the lights were clearly visible. So the craft is a UFO in the strictest sense of the word, do not suggest an alien origin, although there seems to be a 10%
possibility that it was. Sorry no multi-media available. Have to say that I
am a professor of information systems in a U.S. university.
