{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-12 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499117","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60031","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5036,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/117/mufon-5499117.json","updb_database_id":5499117}
I had a personal experience with a solid gold orb in my sons bedroom. It was trying to communicate with me.

This all happened in June 2013, and it has never left my mind since and has had a big impact on my daily life. I'm on a mission to get to the bottom of this mystery. (This is long & detailed as I want you to know as much as possible, and also about the total impact this has had on me). I had a one-on-one experience with a UFO inside our house! (I say I call it a UFO, as it really was unidentified, it was hovering mid-air and I couldn't identify it). It was a normal evening, 7pm and I was putting my son to bed when I had this outer worldly, remarkable experience with something from another dimension. I'm not sure if it was ET related or spirit related, but either way, it has turned my world upside down and inside out! I was reading my little 4yr old boy a bedtime story, we were in his room, he was on my knee as we sat on the bed as per usual. Suddenly I noticed a movement out of the corner of my eye, to the left of me. Just about 16 inches/ 40 cms away from me, within arms reach was a hovering golden solid orange/yellow ball trying to catch my attention, I just froze and could not believe what I was seeing! It had just materialized out of nowhere. It was about the size of a tennis ball, I have seen orbs in photos but it was nothing like those, which are quite transparent), this was solid. I studied science & zoology at university so have a very inquisitive mind, so I was taking my opportunity to view it from a science perspective, it was 3 dimensional,and looked like it wanted me to communicate with it, (but during the whole experience my worry was for my son). I kept an eye on it while trying to remain calm as I didn't want to scare my son sitting on my knee. I just continued to tell the story to him and mumbled out words that didn't really make any sense and held the book up close to his face, wondering in my mind if I should ask him to look and see it too, but decided best not to. I could have tried to touch it, and maybe would have if I was alone without my son, I would have spoken to it to see what would happen. It knew I was looking at it, I was scared at the time and still am now. Its hard to describe its movement, to me it looked like it was finding it hard to stay in one place, with jaggered kind of hover, (like a hover fly). It did move further around to my left until it was over my sons pillow, about 15cm above it. I held my son tight on my knee, while studying this strange object, and then after a minute it disappeared, either dematerialized or going through the bedroom wall itself! Then it was gone. To this day I'm spending hours a day looking for answers. I know about orbs in photos etc, but this was solid? I always thought that there must have been other life out there in the universe somewhere, but I never did think ufos or Ets were visiting/ or existing on Earth but now I do. Since I have personally experienced something from another dimension (whether it be some sort of ET, or from the spirit realm, I'm now an avid true 'believer' and I'm now seeking the real truth. The after effects have been hard for me, as of coarse I don't want to sound like a nutter, but I also didn't want to keep this to myself. It took me afew weeks to get enough courage to tell my husband, and my son has nightmares and finds it hard to sleep, (I have not told him any of this, but I had a fear it could be related after I have heard about abductions etc...)At first I thought it was spirit related so visited a spiritual shop, when the woman behind the counter explained to me that some ETs can first materialize as orbs and hang around homes), so that has lead me to MUFON and writing this as I have seen 2 other strange things, I know this sounds truely absurd so I hate to even write this, but I had seen a light shoot out the carved top of my sons bed, and also a really big white light in the sky at night (12 months ago), near the house, but never seen it since. I feel like I had to explain this to help myself get it off my chest and reach out to others whom may have something similar. Now I am constantly looking everywhere for evidence. Its nice to have my eyes opened to the real world but at the time I feel abit frightened about whats really happening and now my faith in science, (which doesn't beleive in any of these matters), has been dislodged and shaken to the core!
