{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-24 23:26:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500117","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58996","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8070,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/117/mufon-5500117.json","updb_database_id":5500117}
fast zigzag movement with brigh light,but it was not a firefly or a light-reflected insect because they did not exist there

Hello. My name is Yuji Mashiko, I am a UFO resercher,author and translator in Japan.
Recently I have conducted 4 day camping at Tokachidake mountain area which has been famous for UFO sightings for decades, and I have successfully videotaped UFO flying with zigzag motion at a high speed.
The Japanese news agencies showed a strong interest in my video sand they put them on their news site.

The news agency shows my videos in ther YouTube account and I added my English explanation to that site. The links of YouTube are introduced in the site of National UFO Reporting Center. You can search the article with following title - UFO sightings above Tokachidake,Hokkaido,Japan 

The original videos look clearer than these YouTube versions,so I have herewith attached the original ones.

Here is my explanation on my sightings in 2014 and in 2010.

UFO with zigzag motion at a high speed 1 June, 2014

This video was taken at 23:26 p.m. on June 24, 2014 at the camping site near Mt. Tokachidake (an active volcano in the northern part of Japan), which has been famous for UFO sightings for decades. You can see a bright object soaring up from the bottom right corner of the video screen, but in reality, my camera was facing the zenith, and the object was moving horizontally across the sky from the east to the south. I fixed my camera position and did not follow the object, so the zigzag motion of the object was not because of camera shake. I was the only one looking up the sky and other people (mountain climbers) were already sleeping in their tents.

Since the site was at an altitude of 1200 meters and the temperature was very low at night, there were no insects flying, and the fireflies (lightning bugs) do not exist in the area (the fireflies do not fly at such a high speed in the first place and my camera cannot catch such dim lights). The site was completely dark and there were no outdoor lights nearby (and it was a dark moonless night). I could see many stars in the sky with the naked eyes, but my small digital camera (CASIO EX-H10) could not catch any starlight. So you can guess how bright that object actually was.

These video clips are for the general citizens, so I did not go into details in my explanation especially regarding somewhat mysterious incident occurred before the UFO appeared.
 
About one and half hours before I saw UFO, I was surprised by a small mechanical sound that I heard from my left side (no more than two feet from where I was standing in the camping site), and I saw a long-haired young woman in white clothes. As I mentioned,the site was almost completely dark and I could not even see my shoes very well, so I could narrowly recognized that woman but could not see her face. Then I saw a small and round red light in front of her chest or her solar plexus. I supposed she would be fixing her camera to a tripod to take pictures of beautiful starry sky (but I did not actually see any camera or tripod) . That slender lady was about 5 feet and 7 inches tall and had black hair.
 
Although I wondered why she was working in the darkness without any lights, I stepped back silently because she did not seem to have noticed that I was standing so close to her,and I did not want to surpise a young woman in the darkness. After that I kept standing for a while at some distance from her, but the next time I found that she was gone - disappeared without making any sounds of walking. In the camping site,I could hear footsteps very well even if they were more than 20 meters away.
 
I wondered where she had gone because I did not hear any sounds of car. It was too dangerous for anyone to leave the site on foot because there were wild bears often appear in that area. She was not looking up overhead but straight ahead to the east where the Tokachidake mountains rises - and it was the very direction where the UFO appeard about one and half hours later.
 
Although there is no certain links between that mysterious lady and the UFO, I have to say that I had seen another mysterious yong gentleman who suddenly disappeard before another UFO appeared in the sky when I was waiting for the chance to videotaple UFO on the beach of Kamakura on February 25 in 2014. At that time,I saw a large disk-shaped green UFO that circled over my head and flew away. I was so surprised to see the UFO at a such close range that I momentarily forgot about taking its picture even though I had my camra at hand. 
 
Having had such similar two experiences, I came to believe that the mysterious lady and the gentleman may have somthing to do with the UFOs that appeared after these mysterious people disappered.

I have videotaped night scenes with my digital camera many times but I have never seen any digital noises. On the other hand, I have heard from my friends that they had witnessed a strange bright object flying with the zigzag motion in Hokkaido area which is one of the most famous UFO hot-spots in Japan. 

For the past several years, I have debunked many fake photos and videos as well as mistaken UFO reports, but it does not mean that I am a non-believer. I just wish to know the truth only. So I have conducted a camping in Hokkaido which is very far from Tokyo where I live. And fortunately I had opportunities to videotape the flying objects in 2010 and 2014 as you can see here


UFO with zigzag motion 1 June 25, 2010 

This video was taken at 23:06 p.m. on June 25, 2010 at the foot of Mt. Tokachidake (an active volcano in the northern part of Japan), which has been famous for UFO sightings for decades. Near the bottom left corner of the video, you can see two lights showing zigzag motions, keeping the same distance between them. In the past, during the daytime around this area, my friend witnessed a strange oval object with two lights, one each on the left and the right edges, so I suppose that would be the reason for these two lights keeping the same distance. I fixed my camera position and did not follow the lights, so the zigzag motion of the object was not because of camera shake.

Although the lights were moving around a lower part of the sky, it does not mean they were close to the ground because I was standing on the plateau looking down the wild forest and valley below. The site was a kind of dangerous area where wild bears often appeared, so no one could fly an LED night kite or anything else in the wild forest or valley in the middle of the night. The site was at an altitude of 1200 meters and the temperature was very low at night. It was completely dark and I could see many stars in the sky with the naked eyes, but my small digital camera (CASIO EX-H10) could not catch any starlight. So you can guess how bright that object actually was.
