{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1983-05-12 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471117","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89362","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3330,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/117/mufon-5471117.json","updb_database_id":5471117}
{dr}I was driving in a country road and saw bright red flashing lights in a field. Saw it 1mile away then up close at my turn. Incredibly brute red flashing lights.

I was driving down a desolate country road leaving my friends house about 1 AM one night. No other cars were on the road at the time it was very dark but about a mile ahead of me I could see extremely bright red flashing lights. I thought it was a wreck of some sort with ambulances. The closer I got the more it looked different. When I came to my turn I stopped in the intersection. There was an object in the field to my right. No more than 50 feet away. It was extremely bright red flashing lights. All flashing sporadically. It was shaped like a bowl on the bottom with a dark center. The red lights outlined the bowl shape and there was two long arms that came out from either side of the top of the bowl per se with red flashing lights. I sat at the intersection with my windows down listening for anything. There was no noise sound nothing. There was a farmhouse down the way but there was no movement or lights on in the house. I sat and watch this object for over 10 minutes. While I was watching it all the lights were flashing as it was doing before and then all of a sudden in the center of the object between the two long arms two extremely solid bright red lights just instantly turned on. While all the other lights were flashing. these two big red lights just were solid red. As I was watching this they started to raise up together and slowly go up to the very top of where the two arms that protruded. from the outside edges it was equal across the top. this thing was flashing massively bright red lights plus these two giant solid red lights. I was stunned, I was shaking and still no noise. As I1m watching this in disbelief ALL of the lights instantly turned off . Everything1 was black Where it was just a second before. At that moment I floored my car and took off. In hindsight I wish I would1ve stayed but it was a truly frightening experience not knowing what that was. It was not a plane, helicopter ect. this thing was very very strange. At that moment I floored my car and took off. In hindsight I wish I would1ve stayed but it was a truly frightening experience not knowing what that was. . This happened over 30 years ago and I am still haunted by this today. I live in the same area and when I drive on that road I still remember that night. I will never forget it. There was a UFO in that field I know it was. The next day I even went to the Farmers houses to ask them if they had seen anything that night. They said no but they had told me that they1ve seen things in these fields in the past that was very weird. This is my story. it is true
