{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-27 15:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485117","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74669","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2474,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/117/mufon-5485117.json","updb_database_id":5485117}
{rjl} We were outside with our daughter working on a scince kit she got for Christmas when 3 obkects flew over head.

Our daughter got a science set for Christmas and on December 27,2015, it was warm outside so we went outside to do one of the messier experiments. It was about 3:30 when I looked up towards the sky and saw something flying towards our direction. My husband was outside with us and I told them to look at it. I asked him what it was and he was as lost as I was. It looked almost "n" shaped and a copper color but it would shift from side to side and the color and shape would change. It was almost like the sun would hit it and the color would change. We walked to the side of the yard to see it better but it started going higher and faster and that is when we noticed two more objects in the sky only they were spaced out from the first one and farther away and looked like metallic balls. We tried to get pictures but even with the camera on action shot the photo's were impossible to get. There was no sound from anything around us, including the objects, There were a few birds but as the object got close to them the birds would scatter. They flew straight for a few minutes but started to climb and just vanished. The first one we saw, which was the closest to us, flew about 20 to 30 feet above the power lines but with the way it was moving, it was hard to get an exact color and shape. After they disappeared we just stood there for a minute asking each other what we just saw, neither of us could define to the other what the objects were, we were at a loss. The objects had no set color, other than metallic because they seemed to shine, they had no flight pattern, they left no trails, they didn't make a sound, the birds flew from them and then they climbed and just disappeared. We are still curious as to what we saw, it was a very confusing 4 minutes.
