{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491117","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68455","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2672,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/117/mufon-5491117.json","updb_database_id":5491117}
{rjl} abduction loss of time 3 1/2 hours saw craft as being returned home medically expierimented on

I remember awakening to being in a beam of light looking up at a triangle shape craft. It had lights on the corners of the craft. When I awoke I was approx. 4 ft above my bed and it looked like there was no celling. I saw the night sky along with the craft. I felt as if I was paralyzed an unable to move. after being returned fully to my bed to took several minutes before I could move. I was looking up at the craft and as the beam of light was returning to the craft the celling of my room began to materialize back into form. I looked at the clock and it was approx. 3:30am. The last thing I remember was just going to the bathroom and changing the channel on the TV around 11:45pm. After several weeks I started to remember my experience in the craft. I remember being in a very bright room on a table and surrounded 6-10 small beings what you would call greys. They were telling me to not struggle and they meant no harm. This I believe was to pacify me so I wouldn't struggle and would be an easier test subject. I remember sever pain in my abdominal region and right hip. I also saw a large insect like creature that seemed to be telling the greys what to do. I don't have any memory until I was being returned to my bed by a beam of light.  I don't know if I have any marks on me or not but have had right hip problems ever since. As time goes by I remember more detail and can remember previous abductions going back decades. Since this abduction I have felt very unsettled and find it next to impossible to sleep for more than 2 hours at a time.  I did talk to my stepdad about the abduction a few days after it happened. He is an member of MUFON orange county and actually spoke at some of their gatherings. He asked me then if I wanted to make a report but at the time I was too shook up by the experience and had trouble piecing the whole incident together . I am making the report now because more detail have come to light and I am less unsettled by the incident
