{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-18 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489117","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70517","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4234,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/117/mufon-5489117.json","updb_database_id":5489117}
{cak} After football practice while I was talking w/2 of my asst. coaches about the team, one of my coaches noticed something behind us and asked what is that. Other coach and I turned and watched it move silently to the south.

After football practice on Tuesday, October 18, 2011, I was talking with my D-line coach and my RB coach about our team while we stood at my truck, which was facing west.

During the conversation the RB coach just interrupted and said, "What is that?" Both the D-line coach and I turned to look behind us and we seen a triangular shape object going from north to south, maybe south by southwest. It was triangular, but the edges seems smooth, or rounded, the exterior seemed at once silver/metallic, but also reflective kind of like water as the reflection was kind of wavy. However, it had a number of bright white circular lights around the edge, but not around the back of it and they seemed kind of large. The whole thing seemed large. I'm telling you it was definitely longer than from home to 1st base, but maybe not longer than a football field (100 yards). It was definitely between 500 feet and greater in the sky because it seemed like it was a couple of football fields off the ground. As we watched it, I noticed that the neighborhood dogs and birds were not making any noises as per normal, especially the dog that was always barking at us during and after practices in the yard of the house right on the border of the park. Then out of nowhere it just disappeared. I didn't see it go anywhere. It was just gone.

Both my asst. coaches and I were kind of stunned I think because we were all quiet looking at the area it disappeared from. Then we looked at each other and began to ask again what that was. The D-line coach said, "well it wasn't birds." My RB coach said, "Maybe it was a military ship." Now, not too long before that there was a military plane/historical plane show somewhere to the west of Northglenn because during a game we had parents, and even my players, oohing and ahhing the planes, I remember a stealth bomber was there (loud enough to hear from where we were) and what they were doing. I said, "Yeah, probably a military plane of some kind."

But, for some reason this night and that object have bothered me ever since. I'm not sure why. I almost think I'm losing my dang mind because it will pop into my head out of nowhere and I just don't want to think about it anymore. I want it to go away.

I hope someone there can tell me a rational, logical explanation of what the heck we seen. My D-line coach is a born-again Christian, IIRC, and my RB coach is a Catholic-Christian like me. I don't buy into this little green men thing. Or I didn't. Or I still don't. I don't know anymore. All I know is I hope by telling you this you will have someone come ask questions I can't think to ask and show me that what we seen has a rational/logical explanation. I know what I seen. I see it clear as day. Not only am I a coach, well, retired coach due to medical issues making it impossible to be an effective coach, but I'm also an artist. So, details sort of stick in my mind for the most part because of being a coach and an artist. So, I know what I seen was real... how could all 3 of us have seen something, the same thing!, and it not be real. I just want someone to help me understand what the heck we seen and why it bothers me so dang much so it will stop bothering me.

I read you have lots of reports and I understand you're busy. But, please consider helping me understand this. I would greatly, greatly appreciate it.

Thank you,
Coach.
