{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-02 01:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508117","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50387","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3421,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/117/mufon-5508117.json","updb_database_id":5508117}
{cak} Hovering bright orange-yellow object then moved slowly, at least 2 glowing objects dropped from it. color changed to blue-white.

In the wee hours of early Tuesday, September 2, 2013, I was sitting on my north-facing front steps reading email messages (and playing Words With Friends) on my phone when I observed what I thought was an airplane with landing lights on coming in my direction. What caught my attention was the single bright light was a yellowish orange color and very bright with no distinct features-airplane landing lights are usually more white light - and my home is not on the flight path for the local county airport. The light/object appeared to hover (though could have been moving directly at me) for around 30-40 seconds, then it changed direction moving slowly towards the east. As I watched, it grew less bright and seemed to very slightly lose some altitude. To my surprise a small round glowing piece (of something) dropped off of the light/object. The glowing piece dropped straight down as the bright light/object continued to slowly move eastward.
The light/object then drifted behind the top of a tree, but when it reappeared I saw another glowing object dropped straight down from the light/object. Neither glowing piece seemed to have any sideways momentum as if they were dropped from a moving vehicle... they just went straight down from the point they were released. They also dropped at a greater speed than the light/object was moving horizontally
After the second piece dropped, the light/object changed color from the bright yellowish-orange to more of a bluish white and it dimmed appreciably. I had the impression that it kind of a banded structure coloration with bands of light-bluish and white light. (The light/object also seemed to be fairly spherical.) As the light/object changed color it also began to lose altitude. It then passed out of view behind trees and the hillside. I noted the time to be 1:05AM.
The time that the light/object took from when it changed direction until it disappeared from view also was maybe 30-40 seconds.
Through out the observation I heard no noise from the light/object, nor did I see any smoke or emissions.
About an hour later I also observed a set of three individual flashes of bright white light that flashed with a pause of about 6-8 seconds between. These small point flashes appeared higher above the horizon in what seemed to be a triangular pattern. I thought they could be a very high altitude airplane, but there was only single point of light in each flash, not a cluster of several lights (and not in a typical flight path that I have seen before.) And to my surprise (again) there was a dim flash of light (like a shooting star) only it went up towards where I had observed the three light flashes. Connected?? Coincidence??
