{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-16 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5293117","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110198","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3070,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/117/mufon-5293117.json","updb_database_id":5293117}
thought was ghost at 1rst

Ok so I can't believe I'm doing this but idk what else to do. I believe I have been abducted and experimented on for at least 2 years or more. Every single night their are multiple helicopters surround my house from dusk til dawn. I have moved 3 times and they follow me wherever I go. If I go to store the helicopters follow me! I thought it was FBI at first but would of known by now then I figured was government and maybe probably they are involved but I have put the pieces together and all the things that have happened that couldn't be explained I now realize I am an abductee. I'm still in shock. 

I need someone help me get some answers. I was to do hypnotic regression because they are good at erasing my memories some how. I have woken up in the middle of the night to find light pulsating in my room and I am a single father with a 3 yr old daughter! I am a recovering addict, convicted felon, and I have ptsd, depression and anxiety so no one will probably believe me and it sucks cuz I have no one to talk to.

THIS IS HAPPENING NOW! EVERY SINGLE NIGHT! THEIRS GOT TO BE A WAY TO SEE HOW HELICOPTERS SURROUND MY HOUSE AND FOLLOW ME SOMEHOW? That could show I'm not lying. I don't want attention. I'm willing tell my story but only to like minded people. I have always believed were not alone but I was never obsessed or anything. I need some one to please help me. I can't even explain it all through this text but every single night when I'm putting my daughter to bed and myself something that looks like smoke but clear comes through all the windows in my place then what looks like tornado spinning in room I can feel the heat sometimes on me and have seen grey at my window and I think in my room i have woken up with triangle mark on my penis. I wish I took a picture of it but it didn't occur to me then..

If someone is to contact me please do so through email or text or call if comes up as mufon cuz i don't answer numbers idk. I'm sacred. One night I woke up and I couldn't move except my eyes. could hear them moving around then all sudden I felt fear like I have never felt before and I am not afraid of much at time thought it was an evil entity and figured it was sleep paralysis but I did not fit the description of what sleep paralysis is and now know it was them. I'm scared and need help PLEASE HELP ME! IM AFRAID FOR ME AND MY DAUGHTER AND I HAVE NOWHERE TO TURN YOU ARE MY LAST HOPE FOR ME AND MY BABY GIRL!
