{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-10-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547117","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"18616","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":10049,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/117/mufon-5547117.json","updb_database_id":5547117}
Disk Shaped Craft & Craft-Shaped in Order of Numerous Lights.

I'll just say this : Over the past years 45 yrs I have seen various craft operating down here just over the ground. Most were at nightin remote areas but one good one was during the mid morning. It was a silvery metallic craft that was performing maneuvers, and, as if gravity was not an issue. The ones I saw at night were out in a very remote area of Nth East Nevada 2 yrs consecutive yrs. Both & the same were very close in the distinct order of 6 to 8 red & white small lights. These order of lights in the shape of some type of craft didn't emit any sound, as the night was extremely quiet, and no moon. Anyways I've come a long ways and for the past 26 Yrs I have had in my possession the plans for a Propulsion System that describes an altogether revolutionary new way of propelling a space-vehicle. This new revolutionary propulsion system is a one-of-a-kind that nothing else can compete with. There is nothing else like it either being constructed or proposed, and it will operate the way I describe in the plans unlike any system that may presently be under consideration or proposed as a viable means of propulsion. I do not have a Patent on this System but I am the inventor and have the original stamped documents that were returned at my request from the DOE (Dept of Energy), from 1983 to 1986. Simply put, they were not interested and/or could not encourage me with this type of system, as it was not acceptable under the Energy Related Inventions criteria/guidelines because it purported to operate on a self sustaining basis. I simply must state for the record that the fundamental principle by which this system operates is supported by a mathematical formula/equation that specifically dictates a positive powerful result. The DOE was simply not interested in any system or device that doesn't produce a substantial reliable energy source/supply for a large populace. The system I propose is capable of operating on a self sustaining basis and does not claim to produce energy for a large populace. This system will produce & maintain what I have come to refer in certain terms as an "Independent State of Light Energy/Propulsion". It will basically utilize powerfully efficient materials w/ specific properties that can convert mass to energy. It is done in a very simple yet complex manner that essentially creates a condition or state of propulsion that can powerfully propell a newly designed type of vehicle/craft. In closing ; What I need to do is to build a relatively good small working prototype to prove the validity of the system, to show the potential I know it will deliver. This system will enable a newly designed vehicle/craft with the on-demand continuous inertia/propulsion that will enable various maneuvers to be performed, such as hovering, and accelerating to tremendous speeds into deep outer reaches of Space in the Sublight Range (a percentage of the Speed Of Light). I am quite confident if I could either have access to a small but adequately equipped facility w/ several qualified engineers, I could produce a working prototype of the system. In 5 to 10 yrs I could develope the means of the ultimate propulsion that would send Mankind on his way into Space that might not otherwise had been possible. I am confident this system will not only work but will meet and beat all expectations, in not only dramatically reducing the amount of travel-time involved Space Exploration Endeavors, but in the expansion of the Human Race to other worlds. I am convinced that the ultimate goal of traveling Space like never before can be obtained, and will not only surpass everything else that claims to, but exceed it by light years.  Can you assist me in my endeavor to build the one & only Propulsion System that will completely change the way we presently think about traveling Space in Time?.... There is only one possible viable means of propulsion that is enabling advanced civilizations the ability to travel interstellar space. It is more than highly likely that the biological dependencies of the past (our present) has long since been rendered obsolete, whereby the things that once dictated terms for survival have been completely done-away with. The one & only System that will produce an altogether revolutionary new form of energy WILL work unlike anything now being proposed or considered as a propulsion system.  So-called Antigravity, ion charged gas, solar sails, rockets, or any of the many commonly referred to potential means of propelling a SpaceCraft, can hope to accomplish what the System that I propose can. It will accomplish what all the others can't hope to by utilizing a rather simple principle by applying an imbalance of weight to a specifically engineered/designed Spinning Rotor/Armature Center. The formula for determining centrifugal or centripetal force basically translates from to a 4 X's factor, and so, a 1-lb object spinning at 60,000 rpm's will exert a rough pulling-force of 4,000 lbs (2 tons) or considerably more depending on the specifications or dimensions. In understanding this verifiable fundamental principle, it would be relatively easy to applied it to a System to create what otherwise would not be. A substantial amount of Pulling-Force could be maintained, enough to at least equal if not overtake the entire weight of an altogether newly designed vehicle/craft. The Spinning Rotor Center would basically resemble (in size) an average sized automobile tire and consist basically of 4 ea even slices (figuretively). 1/4 would be of a specific weight and 2 lbs lighter, w/ electromagnetic induced properties (light side or live weight). This opposite the other 1/4 heavier in weight by 2 lbs w/ no properties (heavy side or dead weight). So the diference in weight between the two opposite 1/4's is 2-lbs. By surrounding the specifically imbalanced Spinning Rotor Center with a housing of electromagnetics, in sections. the pulling force exerted could be compensated (counter balanced) and would spin as a perfectly balanced Rotor. This would enable the production of the necessary energy to propell an altogether new type of vehicle/craft. A substantial source of electric energy will be needed to supply the power to the entire system, but Research should provide all the essential inputs & outputs and/or enable powering up & down as needed. Keep in mind, that electromagnets have the potential to pull a thousand X's their own weight. Even tho that is based on direct-contact it should be possible to obtain a significant percentage of that. To continue, 3 or 4 entire systems would be needed to make a full-scale vehicle/craft fully functional or operational. All Systems would be situated parallel to each other and spin in a vertical position. Each system would carry a part of the total vehicle weight. With this configuation, any and all maneuvers could be performed such as Hovering, and/or accelerating & decelerating, and/or reach speeds in the sublight range, in deep Space. Propulsion is obtained and/or controlled by regulating energy to various select electromagnetic sections surrounding the S.R.C. via a T.O.S.(timing order sequence). The surrounding electromagnetics would consist of 12 ea sections, whereby 3 would equal in dimension the light side of the S.R.C., to interact with it, while compensating the imbalance. Whatever surrounding sections are timed, will result in movement/propulsion to the opposite direction. It would be done in rapid sequence thus allowing motorization to recover enough to maintain the rpm's. The system/s could be designed and/or configured to produce a powerfully efficient pulling-force, that could enable it to exceed the T.V.W (total vehicle weight) by several times, if not more. This would enable maneuvers to be carried-out in the extreme, and would be measured as G-Force, (1- G = Earths Gravity). The production of G-Force could number in the 25 to 50 range. One would not have to accelerate more than one can withstand, but it might be to ones advantage to be able to have the capacity to. If you know of anyone who is genuinely interested in producing the one & only means of propulsion that will verify the existence of advanced civilizations and/or enable us to travel space in the extreme, please let me know,, or let them know about me. The system that will totally completely revolutionize how we travel space & time, will produce an what will become to be known as an "Independent State of Light Energy/Propulsion & eventually Being".... It could simply be referred to as "Light Energy Technology".  Theres only one way to do it, and if its done right there will be no mistaking it for anything else... It is literally a "Time Machine' that can travel the vast distances to other Stars that may have a earth-type planet similar to ours that is either presently supporting intelligent life and/or has long since supported this life, but has progressed to immortality-thru-technology, and is now up in the space above us, as we (humankind) live & breath, and go about our rather restricted limited temporary lives. I have little doubt that our civilization has a god aweful long way to go before IT attains/obtains this whole other complete independent heavenly exquisite technological state of being, like the majority of the human populace will likely never know or might even care to. Thank you for your time. Sincerely, Loren Heyer
