{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-10-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504117","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54783","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2964,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/117/mufon-5504117.json","updb_database_id":5504117}
{rjl} UFO over Columbia Airport

On or around October 17, 1973 during that evening, my sister and I were watching the Sonny and Cher Comedy Hour, upstairs and my mother and older brother were watching the World Series. Our mother came up screaming for us to change the TV channel to 10 which is the Columbia, SC station. The weather man Joe Pinner was reporting that a UFO was hovering over the Columbia airport. We thought wow changed the TV back to CBS to watch the show. About 20 minutes or so later the TV reception started messing up but with rabbit ears they always do then there was a strange humming sound inside the house. My sister and I had no clue why until our brother yelled for us to get down stairs that something was hovering over our house, which was a 2 story brick house and the main TV was attached to an antenna outside the house. On our way down stairs our mother had gone out the front door to see what was going on and our brother locked her out she was screaming beating on the door and the dogs were howling in their pens. I got to the door first and got it opened it to let her in or go out and see what was going on. As I looked up above the house some 500 ft. up was and oval shaped object approximately the size of our house making no sound outside but the inside of the house was still humming. The object seemed to float around until you could hear the sound of jets in the distance then the object started to move off to the North East, when the jets came into sight the object seemed to gain altitude then it looked like it left the jets standing still. In one second gone from sight. When we went back in the same reporter was on tv saying that authorities said that the object was just weather balloon. My mother, sister and I slept together that night our father was in Atlanta on business and our brother barricaded himself into his bedroom with his guns. 
The object was oval with lights on the bottom maybe eight to twelve none were blinking just sort of pulsating dimmer then brighter.
This is me thinking back when I was 6 years old at that time I drew a sketch of the object. It was not until my mother1s death when we were going through her stuff that some of the drawings were found. Of course at that time or anytime people may think you are crazy so we never talked about it much after we told our father when he got home.
