{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-14 21:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494801","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64661","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3190,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/801/mufon-5494801.json","updb_database_id":5494801}
Three white lights. Bright light in the center - two outer lights dimmer; in a perfect line. Moving in straight line. Silent.

Walking back from the local shop -approximately 100m from my house. Clear evening. Looking almost directly North at the brightest star in the sky which was about 40 degrees above the horizon. 

Noted one single moving white light which I imagined was a routine satellite sighting. Stopped to watch the transition. Light started at the 7 o'clock position of the brightest star on a bearing of roughly 300 degrees magnetic from me and tracked directly towards me. As I watched the singular white light - I noticed that there appeared to be more mass to the object as parts of it - beyond the central white light - appeared to reflect light. I assumed that perhaps this was light reflecting from the structure of the satellite - the solar panels for example - but soon realised that the distance of the additional lights from the central light would make the scale all wrong for it to be a satellite. 

The light characteristics were not redolent of the myriad satellites I've witnessed over the years. This object was behaving like a satellite insofar as it tracked fast and silently across the sky - but the outer lights made it very different from anything I've seen before. From first sight about 25 - 30 degrees above the horizon until the object was almost directly above my head was about 45 seconds or so.. As the object drew to an overhead position the outer two lights which were in a direct line with the central brighter light, became more prominent. The three lights looked as though they were travelling in perfect formation. It was impossible for me to tell the size of the lights or their distance from one another and thus the range from me was impossible to calculate. In respect to trying to describe how this formation looked - I would say that - if the central white light was on the fuselage of a 747 and the outer lights at the wingtips of the 747 - then I would estimate that the 747 would have been flying at around 3,000 - 5,000 ft.

The evening was clear and totally silent and the object / lights made no sound whatsoever. As the lights passed over my head they moved away from me on a bearing of approximately 119 degrees magnetic - to the south east. Roughly 20 seconds after passing overhead, the outer lights faded and the inner light followed by fading away some 15 - 20 seconds later. 

I am an ex armed forces senior officer - with a background in aviation. This sighting struck me as particularly odd and not in concert with anything I recognise.
