{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-12-03 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547801","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"14296","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3142,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/801/mufon-5547801.json","updb_database_id":5547801}
Bright teardrop shaped object spotted in Augusta, Georgia moving at a high rate of speed

My friend and I were standing on the front porch smoking a cigarette discussing what we had just watched on television. It was a very clear night outside, no clouds in sight. I noticed a bright flash of light on the side of my car parked in the driveway and realized that it was just a reflection of another object. I looked up into the sky and noticed a bright red/orange teardrop shaped object moving at immense speed. The front of the object seemed to be almost perfectly round, with a tail at the end which may or may not have been flames, maybe caused by the object entering the atmosphere at high speeds? It started out almost directly above me by the time I actually saw the object, and moved very quickly headed in an eastward direction. It was only seconds after I noticed the object directly before it disappeared. I did not see it disappear behind any other object, it just seemed to vanish. I did not/ do not really understand what it is that I saw. I have seen shooting stars before, this was definitely not the case. The brightness of that object far surpassed anything I have ever seen in the sky other than the sun or moon. At first I thought it was a meteor, but after looking at the object and the intensity of light, I am uncertain. My friend was very confused too, almost scared it seemed. He said he did not understand what he saw and didn't really want to talk about it. He did say that he heard a noise and that's what made him look up and notice the object. I did not hear anything, I just saw the bright light reflection on the car and looked up to the sky. He did say he noticed the light and the sound at the same time. I felt a little excited, definitely in awe of what I had just witnessed. The hair on the back of my neck was standing up straight and my body was tingling all over. I do not know if it was a meteor or other common event, but I have definitely never seen anything like this object. I have been researching online for a couple of days to see if anyone else has reported any meteors or other anomalies over the area in the past couple of weeks, and have produced no results. I am submitting this report in hopes of bringing together information to find out what happened in the skies on December 3rd, 2008 above my hometown. I would be happy to take a picture of the location and Photoshop in what I saw, if it would help in any way, but I do not have any photographic evidence, as the object was only visible for seconds.
