{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-07-04 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488801","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70836","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3225,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/801/mufon-5488801.json","updb_database_id":5488801}
{rjl} large colorful spere moving consistant one direction

It was the evening of July 4th 1977 just after the sun went down past the horizon. A group of 5 of us in a small town in Montana. My sister, three cousins & me were in the center of the street outside where i used to live. When we noticed a sphere start to rise up from the horizon in the south. It's been over 38 years from now, so exactly what all colors it changed isn't completely clear to me, but i remember it had to have been a shere for the reason the colors it chose to be was a lighter tint in the center and much darker tint around the edge. It had to have been enormous for the reason what ever color it chose to be made the entire predawn sky a lighter, even tint the same color it was. While it was rising, it changed just about every color one could think of from the time it started from the southern horizon until the time it went down beyond the northern horizon. It was perfectly centered in the sky, moving at a consistant slow speed. Because it changed the color of the entired predawn sky the color it chose to be, i was thinking many people had to have seen this. But also it seemed as if it was ment for us.. or even me, for the reason when it left the sky, over the northern horizon, it left the predawn sky the same color it was the last moment i saw it. Then the sky seemed like it took some time as it faided into darkness as it was night. Continuing to keep that last color. As it was happening, i remember asking the group i was with as they were staring at it with dropped jaws, if they saw this object in the sky. They didn't respond. So i asked them again if they saw what was happening. In a dase, as they all were, my cousin Brad responed, yaa... then i said, i will never forget this for the rest of my life. After the incident, nothing was said about it. I think we all just forgot about it. A few years past, and i remembered it again. I didn't understand why it was forgotten. So i started to ask my sister and cousins if they remembered it happening. None of my cousins remembered it but my sister said she did, vagly remember something. I did from time to time tell the story to people. But i never did report it until now. For the reason, there was no one or no where to report somethng like this that i knew of. I believe it really did happen for the reason i've never heard of anything like this before and have never saw anything like it on TV or any videos. How could i have just made something like this up. I want to know more about it if possible. I would even consider being hipnotized if it brings me closer to an understanding.
