{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-01-31 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282801","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120646","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2184,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/801/mufon-5282801.json","updb_database_id":5282801}
Redish lights.

Looked like a satellite at first. I watched it for a moment as it moved across the sky, then at the moment that I realized that something was off, because it was moving North to South, It bolted and left a streak several miles long, (a couple of inches from my perspective). It was at orbit level which is why to my mind it looked like a satellite. Another one came into view, changed direction, then stopped. Another moved into position and stopped, and another, then another. The thing that I noticed was that they were visible but looked like stars until they moved. Then as I watched, a couple of them left the area and one receded until it was barely visible and was stationary. Moments later, two fast moving planes moved into the area from the SW (the direction of Tinker AFB). They were too large for to have been jets (more the size of AWACS. Once they were in the area they slowed considerably, but stayed quite some distance from one another. There was no more movement from the UAP's, but they did not leave or recede further. As I searched the sky for movement I became aware of a few more that were present in the foreground of the stars like the moving objects, but stationary. Subjective: I had the distinct feeling that they were observing but not active. I felt as if they could sense that I was unafraid and happy to see them. Note: while traveling they moved North to South and South to North (as if in a traffic pattern), only moving in other directions after they seem to have become aware that they were being observed and that I was unafraid. It Was Awesome!
