{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-07-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291801","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111529","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5264,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/801/mufon-5291801.json","updb_database_id":5291801}
Legs gripped under out of bed and a generalized anxiety disorder.

That which I am going to report was a long time ago, but I remember well, I am only reporting it now after meeting you through cable TV and your website.
This happened in 1977, I was 7 years old and lived with my parents in Jundiaí - SP, about 40 km from the capital São Paulo on the Campinas - São Paulo axis. At that time, my bedroom window faced the yard and was about 4 meters high. Today, in front of the window, a laundry was built over the yard. The door of my room faced the door of my parents' room, As the land of the house is uneven, you can see all the roofs of the houses below and beyond the street below there is a forest and beyond it houses and on the horizon there were no buildings, as there are today.
It was a night in July, the day I lost in time, but it was July, July is winter in Brazil. They are cold nights, so the window is closed with the leaves and the windows lowered, they are old windows of double wooden leaf that we call shutter, very heavy, that instead of running sideways they rise or fall the glass panels , is what I believe to be the “double hungs”, only that the frame is made of wood and they are attached to supports that we call “butterflies”. So even at seven years of age for a small boy it is not very good to try to push the glass panel up, if it escapes the panel goes down and when it hits you can break the glass by impact.

I slept in my room alone and was covered with the bedspread, the time was something well after midnight because my parents were already sleeping too. So I woke up with my two legs together in the air, covered with the quilt as if they were wrapped in it. My feet were turned out of the bed towards the window, I had my hips almost off the edge of the bed, I felt that my legs were gripped under, as if someone shorter than me at the time was carrying me, they swayed a little while I slid out of bed, it seemed to be two or more, I had this feeling from the pressure under my legs.
I was looking at all that, feeling like I was too heavy and there was difficulty for those who carried me. It all seemed like an eternity, I couldn't say anything, I couldn't move, I just looked at all that scared. A voice came to my head "And now get up and ..." stopped there, there was a silence and I fell out of bed, as if they had left me. I don't know how long I stood there looking at the open window, the sky was very starry, as were the clear winter nights.
When I managed to speak I screamed, my mother came running from her bed, got up and put me on the bed and ran to close the window. She tried to calm me down, I was very scared, I didn't understand anything, neither she nor my father understood. It was a terrible nightmare. My parents already forgot about the episode, but it was recorded in my memory. It took a long time for me to understand that this strange nightmare didn't quite match the nightmares of children in Brazil in 1977.
I wrote two fiction books, one fantasy fiction, The Legends of Lemuria: The war against the shadow, and another science fiction, Angels of the Eternal Sea: The blues. Both report wars against invaders. This "shadow" or the "blues" has always been in my head.

When I was a teenager and was already working, I bought a metal tool box, full of pliers, spanners and more, and left it under my bed. I studied the technical course in chemistry and worked with metallography in a foundry, then I went to business school and followed in the field of logistics and became a professor in higher education. As time went by I bought more tools, even living in an apartment, I have many tools. I also collected lead knights “die casting alloy”, gold blades, silver bars and silver and copper coins. I keep all this with me to this day, in boxes and showcases, nothing exaggerated or out of control, just something, besides people's daily lives and I'm not a mechanic, I'm the do-it-yourself type. Only over time did I manage to establish the relationship. I am also interested in bismuth, Indian and nickel, but I never bought these pieces. Either it's a big nightmare and a strange preference by metals and all of that is a little bit unsolved, or it's really something else in my life. Leave it anonymous, maybe you can cross check your databases, understand what happened, or it's just a badly solved child's nightmare.

My parents were no longer concerned with the case and neither did I apparently have other complications. That's why they even forgot and besides, I couldn't even explain to them what had happened. In fact, it took me a long time, 43 years to tell anyone about this.
