{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-10-10 20:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548801","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"8116","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4171,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/801/mufon-5548801.json","updb_database_id":5548801}
Strange lights in the eastern sky

Hi, 
My name is Jordan. I live in Wichita, Ks and have lived here all my life. Last night on my way home from church I witnessed something that I have never seen in my life. As I was driving through town traveling east I noticed something very strange in the eastern sky at exactly 8:43 pm( i know because I kept looking at the clock during this event). I witnessed 4 lights white/orange in color appear suddenly above the horizon. These lights were not close to town, in fact I would say that they were at least 10-20 miles away. Wichita is the air capitol of the world and we have many aircraft that fly over town due to the airport traffic and activity out at McConnel AFB. I myself am an aviation enthusiast and have been all my life. I have watched aircraft at night come into town and have seen military aircraft at night but these lights that I saw were not aircraft landing lights. When I first saw them appear as I stated earlier there were 4 lights and the all appeared at the same time. After about 30-60 secs the light furtherst on the left of the 4 lights suddenly disappeared and another one replaced it next to the light that was furthest to the right and it did this several times giving the appearnce that the lights were moving from the north to the south. 3 minutes after the lights appeared at 8:46 pm all 4 lights disappeared. At this point I knew something wasnt right. I began to think that they might have been flares from a military aircraft since we have an AFB here in town but as I have had time to think about it I have seen military aircraft launch flares at night and when they do so you see one light appear and then another and so on, they don't appear all at the same time and disappear at the same time. As I stated earlier these lights were very far away. When they appeared they almost looked like stars only they didn't "Twinkle" like a star does. Now heres the kicker for me. At 8:48pm 3 more lights appeared much further south than the first 4 lights. These lights did the exact samething as the first 4 did with the light on the left disappearing and another light appearing next to the light that was furthest on the right. Then at 8:50pm the lights disappeared and I didn't see anything else on my way home. Once again these light did not look or act like flares. I cant tell you if these lights came from an object because of how far away they were and I know they were far away because if you have ever seen an aircraft flying at a high altitude when u first see it from far away they look like they are just above the horizon and as they get closer they get higher and higher in the sky when really it just line of sight which would explain why the lights seemed closer to the horizon then being high in the sky. Also you if you took a penny and held it up to the lights it would have blocked them out. Now i cant say that these light were from a flying saucer or a triangle object or any type of UFO ever seen. I don't believe in aliens but I cant rule out what people have seen before in the sky. I have heard strange stories from people who have seen objects in the sky and cant explain them but until last night I had never seen something like that. I wasnt looking to see something like that either, I just had got out of church and was heading home after a long day. It kind of freaked me out a little hehe. I did not have a camera with me at the time so I did not get any photos of this event. If you have any questions you can contact me at the numbers and email address that I listed. Thx, Jordan
