Date:
   Case No.: 1990      06-05-2004      14-05-2024

   Report:             Resolution:

   Location:          Arica       Region:         Arica y Parinacota

   An abnormal aerial presence was reported, considered to be associated with air anomalies.

   Summary:
Upon the landing of a Cessna 172 airplane at Chacalluta Airport.

The reported sighting was described as a white light with "21 cm to 1 meter" of
Size, which would have been visible for 1 to 5 seconds in a recording, moving from north to south by two witnesses. It is shown in Figure 1:

Description by user:
Figure 1
Based on visible data, the user's location was georeferenced at coordinates 18° 20’ 12” S, 70° 20’ 04” W, and the Cessna 172D Skyhawk airplane from which the video was taken was identified.

Of the 3,688 available frames, Figure 2 displays the most representative ones. They show the reported light trajectory, with an elongation effect on the line caused by the low image quality.
Investigation:


                                                     Figure 2

                 After consulting the astronomical situation at the time, it was established that the Sun was to the right of the pilot.
                                                    Figure 3


              The following Figure 3 shows that during the final stage of the approach, the
              lines of the Runway Threshold 20 are reflected in the engine fairing.
In frame 2293, the reported light dims and increases in the previous and next frames, which is consistent with the passage of the blade as the propeller rotates.

Upon studying the video of the report, it becomes clearer that the appearance of the light coincides with the appearance of the reflection of the threshold demarcation and disappears once the Cessna is already vertical to the threshold.
According to the analysis of the testimony and the results of forensic, photographic, geographical, and astronomical studies, it was concluded that the footage corresponded to the observation of the reflection of the runway threshold lines of Track 20 at Chacalluta Airport on the engine cowl of the plane, which in turn projected onto the aircraft's plexiglass. Case classified as Explained.
