{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-01-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547640","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"15304","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2502,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/640/mufon-5547640.json","updb_database_id":5547640}
Very bright, orange red in color.

I was exiting my house at approximately 9:00-9:15pm. I looked into the western to northwestern sky and noticed a VERY bright, Orange and Reddish in color object. It just seem to be suspended there in the sky. At first I just passed it off as a planet and went back inside. About 1 minute later I came back out to get into my vehicle and noticed it was still there.

I began driving to my girlfriends house, just so happened to be in the same direction as the object. While I was in route to my girlfriends residence I began to observe the object more closely. I then became aware that there was no way it was a planet or a star. It was to big. For example if u held a dime or penny out arms length and looked at it in the sky thats about how big it was. It was also way to bright. I also do dabble in astronomy and know my stars, planets and constellations well. Ive also been in law enforcement for 7 years or more. I have been trained to observe things and situations.

As I kept observing the object for the next 5 minutes or so. It then shrank and then totally vanished. Approximately 3 to 5 seconds later it reappeared a lot farther away in the same direction. I seen it do this 2 more times in about 5 more minutes before I lost sight of it. It had to have been traveling at incredible speed to blink out and then reappear that far away. I was amazed by this!!!

Ive have seen a similar object about 3 to 4 years before. When I was working for a sheriffs department we were receiving phone calls about strange objects in the sky. Me and another officer went to check it out. 

When we were in route to a certain town I observed 4 VERY bright, orange reddish objects suspended over the town. They were in a perfect line, perfectly spaced. While we were driving we lost sight of the town and the objects. When the town came back into view the objects were gone.
