{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-05 17:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485640","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74088","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4831,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/640/mufon-5485640.json","updb_database_id":5485640}
{jpg} Observed 3 red-orange orbs triangle shape in the city then followed me up north to Camp Verde

On the above date and time I (alone) was driving/traveling east on Maryland Ave to Central Ave (Phoenix, Az) during rush hour traffic after being detoured twice by two different auto accidents to alternate route of surface streets I selected. While going eastbound on Maryland to Central Avenue (north) I observed 3 red-orange orbs in a triangle formation directly in front of me with no noise emitting from them. The dominate/larger orb (softball size) was at the top of triangle formation while the other two (tip and bottom) were smaller (orange size). They were glowing and appeared to be pulsating to my human eyes of which I was wearing my prescription glasses for night driving.  The distance in the sky from me was approximately 1000-1500 feet away. I noticed no other vehicles appeared to notice them except for myself.

When I approached Maryland/Central Avenue I turned northbound until I reached Dunlap Ave. During this time traveling northbound the 3-orbs moved their position and remained in my front view as I continued driving. Once I reached Dunlap Avenue I turned left heading westbound to the Black Canyon Freeway/I-17 northbound to commute home to Camp Verde, Az, which is approximately 93 miles away (rural community). The 3-orbs continued to stay constant ahead of me as I traveled westbound to the freeway.

Upon entering the freeway northbound off of Dunlap the 3-orbs remained within my front view but changed position/formation: The dominant larger orb was at an 11 o'clock position, the bottom orb remained below dominant at 9-10 o'clock position (northern sky direction). While the orb that was the tip position moved drastically away from the other two and was a 2 o'clock position to my right (more east sky direction). Also, they had changed colors now white/silver, with still no noise emitting as I kept my window down. Throughout my trip home I almost drove off the road several times as I continued to watch them. I then stopped off at Anthem (north suburb/Phoenix) gas station for a restroom break since my commute home (Camp Verde) would be another 45 minutes (approximately).

I came out of the restroom got into my car taking the access road back onto I-17 northbound when I noticed the lights remained fixed in the sky at their same position as if waiting for me. I then spoke to the glowing white/silver orbs in the sky asking them if they were guiding me safely home. I traveled I-17 northbound continuing my conversation with them in regards to reaching my destination safely to my son who was at home alone. The 3-orbs remained constantly traveling with me of same position in the sky. 

Prior to coming into the Verde Valley I was to ascend, travel a small mountain terrain this is when I called my son to inform of experience and asked him to go outside and look into the sky of stated direction of 3-orb position. Estimated time to arrive home was 10 minutes. Once out of mountain terrain I exited off the 260-northbound (Cottonwood/Camp Verde Exit) with the 3-orbs still remaining with me.

I headed northbound-260 for approximately 3-5 miles to the Yavapai-Apache Nation (Tunalii district) where I reside. The 3 white/silver orbs stayed with me until I reached my driveway. Once home my son came out to inform that he saw nothing. I suggest we go out to the backyard where it is pitch black and look at the sky. We went to the backyard and saw nothing. Then we went to the front driveway where the 3-orbs were in the sky pulsating in same directional position. I informed the 3-orbs I was home safely and introduced them to my son who witnessed the event. The east direction orb disappeared. The little orb that was accompanying dominant orb flew north disappearing in the night sky. While The dominant white/silver orb flew towards us (approximately 500 ft) with an asension 4-pointed star design/craft change formation then flew abruptly away towards Sedona, Az. 

On November 14, 2015, an elongated 4 fingerprint impression was left on my dusy kitchenette table of which I have taken photos. 

December 12, 2015, I have received 2nd impressions of two fingers. Photos were taken.
