{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-13 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529640","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25875","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4015,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/640/mufon-5529640.json","updb_database_id":5529640}
Went out for a late night cigarette and saw them!

I am fascinated by space and the stars so when I am outside at night I always look up. Well as I lit my cigarette in the backyard of my house in Clovis, and began to gaze up, I noticed a star-like object in the sky as I looked to the south east. It was flashing many different colors. (red, green, blue, purple, white) Not only was it flashing colors, but it was pulsing, dimmer, brigter, dimmer, really bright, dimmer etc. At this point I knew I was definately not looking at a star or any type of airplane or helicopter. Then I saw it do something I will never forget, it moved! It didn't just move it zig zaged down, and then shot up at a fairly rapid pace. I don't know of any man made aircraft which can hover, stop, and instantly change direction. It also could go from a very high rate of speed to a complete stand still. When I got over the intial shock, I ran inside and woke up my roommate *(Name deleted--CMS/sg). I was so excited I yelled and shook him rather hard. When he woke up he was terrified and upset that I woke him up so abruptly when he had school early in the morning. After he heard what I was yelling at him we both ran back out in the backyard. He even noticed the object moving and changing color without his glasses and turned right back around to run in and get them and a pair of binoculars. I stayed to keep an eye on it and he came running back out and was even more shocked when he saw it with his glasses. We both took turns using the binoculars for about 45 minutes and that's when we spotted the second one. It was more to the east than the first one we noticed. It was doing the exact same thing; pulsing, changing color, and making very erratic movements. However, this object seemed to be higher up. At about this time I had *(Name deleted--CMS/sg) go get the Fresno Air Terminal Security phone number. I called and spoke with a young man named **(Name deleted--CMS/sg) who said he could't get outside to see but he would phone the tower. The two officers in the tower did admit they had seen some strange blue/green lights, but they did not think they were threatening so they didn't investigate further. *(Name deleted--CMS/sg) had to go to bed because he had school so early. I continued to watch as I proceeded to call anyone and everyone of my friends and family to try and wake them up so they could see. Unfortunately, nobody woke up and my webcam wasn't good enough to see anything on. I continued to watch for another hour then called Fox 26 newsroom at 3:45 or 4am and spoke with a young lady. I was hoping they would have a camera handy, they did not. (I found that hilarious) About this time I noticed something even more shocking, I could see many more that were farther away (not higher). In total, I counted at least 9 or 10 different objects. The next day I contacted MUFON and learned a local police officer had reported seeing the same thing! I felt so validated when I heard that, and that made up for all the crazy looks I'm gonna get telling this story. This was the most incredible night of my life, and I will definately never ever forget it. I know some people I talked to last night and today might not have completely believed me, but both (Name deleted--CMS/dr) and I know what we saw and we will tell anyone who will listen! We have a video camera tonight so bring it on!  (I am currently working on a sketch)
