{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-06 13:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509640","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48779","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3763,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/640/mufon-5509640.json","updb_database_id":5509640}
{kt}noticed a white plane object without a tail wing sitting in the sky about 10-15 miles away and 20-25 degrees from horizon. A cloudy mist formed around it vertically and it started to glow, then got brighter and vanished before my eyes.

On July 6, 2013 I was driving home from breakfast with my mother and brother in the car. My brother was driving, my mother was in the front passenger side, and I was behind my mother in the back seat. The day1s weather conditions were 90 degrees and clear blue California skys. We were driving down Sierra college blvd. at 1:50 pm. We crossed Brace road and were approching Taylor road intersection when my brother asked openly 1what is that in the sky1. I looked left and right and seen nothing, then i moved quickly to the center of the seats so i could get a better view out of the front windows. As we crossed over the Taylor road intersection I noticed the direction my brother was looking and so i stared in that same direction (West1ish), but there was a batch of trees in the way. A couple seconds later the trees cleared the view and I was able to see what my brother was talking about out of the rear side window. At first glance it looked like a large white airplane with out a tail wing. It was also flying lower than a normal commercial plane should be (approx. 3K-5K above the earth and 20-25 degrees from horizon). I switched my view from the back rear driver window to the front window (approx. 1 second of broken view from the object). The object started to glow like a standard tube shaped fluorescent bulb. The time for the object to change from what looked like standard white auto paint to a glowing fluorescent tube was about 3 seconds. After the object started to glow a transparent undefined semi-circle cloud/mist formed around the object vertically (approx. 1-2 miles wide). It seemed like the cloud formed instantly out of no where. within the center of the cloud was the object. Directly around the cigar shaped object was what looked like heat waves shimmering above and blow the object. As soon as the cloud formed you could see the object within/behind the cloud starting to glow even brighter. The object quickly started to glow very bright. So bright that i had to stop looking at it directly and looked about 5 degrees up to the right of it (the edge of the newly formed cloud). About a second after I looked to the edge of the cloud it vanished. I immediately looked back to the spot in the sky where the object had been stationary at. Nothing! not even the cloudy formation was present. Just open blue skys as far as the eye could see. I quickly panned all around the sky where it was. there was nothing in the sky, nothing. The closes Air Force base is Beale A.F.B. at about 15 miles from where we viewed it at. We all have seen many different military air craft living so close to a A.F.B. This was unlike anything i1ve ever seen before. After 40 years of life, I can say now that i have seen something new and different. My feeling at the time of the incident was Wow, awe, and confusing. I1ve seen many natural anomalies in my years but nothing like this. This seemed 1intentional1. Intelligent.
