{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-21 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282640","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120810","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3062,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/640/mufon-5282640.json","updb_database_id":5282640}
Odd shaped cube like ufo

Me and my girlfriend decided to spend the night at my parents that night. We were laying in bed talking and she stopped and asked me if that light in the sky was moving. We got up and both looked out the window. At first it was hard to tell if it was moving so I told her we should sit down and stay still. Once we did that we could easily tell the object was swaying side to side a moving in an upward motion. We sat there watching for about 30 minutes. As the object seemed to get higher and higher it also got dimmer and dimmer. Then it seemed like it came to a stop. Then like something straight out of a sci-fi movie the object elongated and pushed forward and flashed. Almost like a “blast off” type of ordeal. We both sat there in shock not believing what we had just witnessed. Almost frozen in fear and stumbling over our own thoughts. We sat there for about 20 minutes just staring at the sky when all of a sudden we could see a light coming off in the distance around the same area the first object had left. At that moment I was in complete awe, and in fear. I was trembling, not knowing what to think. And at this time my girlfriend decided to record the object. We recorded it for about 5 minutes and it seemed like just a light at first. Once she started recording the object became stationary and did not move anymore after that. We sat and watched it until the sun began to rise (about 6am) After it did not move we began to question if what we even saw we really saw. We were back and forth about it saying maybe we just imagined it, but for us to imagine the same thing at the same time was unlikely. We didn’t know what to really think at that point. So we went to bed not understanding what just had happened. The next day we decided to look over the video we recorded and at first thought nothing of it. It just looked like a light floating in the sky. But as we continued to watch the video we saw that it like exploded into this weird cube shaped thing and started to spin around rapidly. At that point we knew it had to have been some sort of extraterrestrial ship. We didn’t do much with the video other than show a few friends and family members. But recently I have seen videos in the east coast area that looked almost exactly what we saw. So I decided to try to get our video out more
