{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-09 14:47:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530640","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24832","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2462,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/640/mufon-5530640.json","updb_database_id":5530640}
Noticed images on camera after returning from vacation.

I was on vacation in Washington State. I was out in my pickup that I keep at my sister1s house, doing some fishing and taking pictures of the scenery. It was a clear blue sky and I was east of Skykomish at the Martin Creek trailhead for the Iron Goat Trail. I thought I would head further up the road past the trailhead parking area on US Forest Service road 6710 for some pictures. (there were two cars in the dirt parking lot). Further on, I passed a parked, white full size van with a family that had been apparently hiking. I came to a side road that headed up the mountain on my right. I decided to take that road up to get some pictures of the scenery. I then decided I would drive up as far as I could go to where I could turn around safely. I found that spot and turned around and stopped to get my pictures. From this spot I took 11 pictures, a few east up the valley and a few back down the road I had just come up. I finally got back in my truck and headed back down the hill. It was not until after my vacation when I returned back to California that I reviewed the pictures after they were enlarged on my computer at work. I noticed on three pictures a spot that I thought must have been on the lens. All the other pictures had nothing on them. One was taken up the valley to the east, one to the west and the other at Mount Rainier the next week. I became very interested when I enlarged these photos and wanted someone to take a look at them. I was using a Canon PowerShot A560 digital camera. (7.1 Mega Pixels). Thanks for your time.

I have made a seperate report for the Mount Rainier siting.
