{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-04-05 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288640","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114724","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2959,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/640/mufon-5288640.json","updb_database_id":5288640}
Difficult to explain maneuvers

Me and 2 coworkers we were working outside from 7:00pm till 7:00 am, night shift. It was a very clear night and Im into astrology and stuff and was explaining that the real bright looking star about due East of us was actually a planet and that it was Venus.  Then I was just scanning sky basically. Then looking E.N.E., there was a bright stationary light, not near as bright as Venus but brighter than Mars usually appears but white. 
I’m standing there looking and kinda lean my head over and looking perplexed my 2 coworkers ask what??? I say “you see that bright star there, it’s not suppose to be there” and right then approximately 7-9 smaller lights streaked across the sky from I’m guessing minimum of 15-20 miles away, all the smaller objects coming from “all” directions, like on the face of a clock, the one bright light in the center and the smaller lights all distanced equally like the numbers on a clock in the blink of the eye all surround the brighter light spaced perfectly apart. Then just a few seconds latter the entire formation of lights streak away at impossible speed. 
Nobody said anything for a minute or two. Then I said “did y’all see that” and the answer was yes. We all 3 saw the same thing. 
I’m kinda a science nut. And I can identify 99.9 of all military aircraft on sight. This was beyond anything the military was capable of in my opinion. Unless some “Skunk Works” type project. 
Do I believe it was extraterrestrial, I don’t know. The maneuvers that the smaller lights did... all coming from miles away at different angles and all arrive in a perfect circle around the brighter light in an instant,,, I don’t think the government could do that that perfectly. 
I’ve only told about 6-7 people about this. But the 3 of us, we all saw what we saw. My 2 coworkers, I don’t know where they are now, haven’t talked to either in over 20 years. But through work/employment records, I’m sure they could be found and tell you the exact same thing. I’ll take a lie detector test or anything. The 3 of us didn’t all hallucinate the exact same thing. It was real.
I’ve seen a couple of other “unusual” things/lights in the sky, not many, but I could probably denounce it as a helicopter or plane. They were just odd.But this was absolutely amazing.
