{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468771","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91784","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3586,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/771/mufon-5468771.json","updb_database_id":5468771}
{jpg} Dogs barking at 2am, let my dog out and looked up to c at least 7 like planets, multiple and dif colors

During the week of July 12 2017 at approx 130-2 am waken to dogs barking in neighborhood and my dog wanted out badly. I let her out and stepped outside to make sure that my vehicles or whatever weren't being broken into, I looked up to the southwest, no clouds, and I could see at least 7 different objects at varying heights and distances. Fixed in tbeir positions like the moon or a planet in the sky. Ive never seen anything like it. I wasnt truly awake and i went back inside. I stopped walking down the hall and tbought wth are those tbing so i went back outside and they wete still there and hadnt moved at all. The largest and closest appearing was a lime green colered sphere looking like the moon, there was a big blue and a smaler blur one,( looked farther away to me) a tan colred on,I'm sure there was a small white one, there may have been 2 white but small and hard to tell diff. From the stars that were out. There was also a red, a dark red, smaller but the red was very attracting like a sun idk. I watched for 5 min with no change. I was tired and my son gets up at 230 to go to work and with the dogs and the commotion I didn't want to wake him up early so I went back to bed, I sooo. regret that now. The dogs calmed down and i fell asleep. I asked my son if saw these things as he went to work, he said he hadnt notived anything. They must have left because the green shpere was bright like a fulll moon and it looked just like a planet or moon.they were more than noticeable 
I researched everywhere for days,weeks, months, no one else reported seeing these to my knowledge. Ive heard and watched videos of NIBIRU, my first thought was maybe it is here. I researched more and more, my friends and family just roll their eyes as I try to figure out the answer. During my research I came across articles about a dwarf star system call TRAPPIST1. The pictures from Nasa on TRAPPIST1 show exactly these same colors and the planets appear to be the same size as the spheres I saw. I also watched an orbit simulation by nasa of TRAPPIST1 and on this day it may have shown the orbits to be the same 
The night I went to bed I thought NIBIRU is here, but I've never seen these again. Please help me find some understanding to what I did see. 
I saw a person in the grand canyon that I know wasn't human, big blue and pink eyes with different colored hair and skin, looked at me as if it was surprised I could c it, it moved quickly into the middle of a crowd as I followed but never saw again, my mother asked what's the matter, I just said I thought I saw someone I knew. After this trip in early May 2017, I witnessed these spheres. Ive also seen 2 more that flashed and left our space quickly, I look EVERYDAY NOW AT THE SKIES ABOVE, I believe we are not alone, I hope you might help me understand these things, thank you for any onfo you can provide on thes spheres
