{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-15 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287771","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115602","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2561,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/771/mufon-5287771.json","updb_database_id":5287771}
White sphere flies constant velocity due West, after 4s, warps away.

I was leaving a public parking area, about to turn left onto a 4 lane road. during the time I entered the road, to the time all 4 tires of my car were in the correct lane, a white glowing sphere silently flew due west (same direction my car was turning towards, so not an illusion from the windshield). The object appeared to have a constant heading and velocity. Both myself and my girlfriend had no idea what it was, but knew that it was flying too low for an airplane, too quiet for a helicopter, too big for a drone, and too fast for a balloon. In 4 seconds it appeared to travel somewhere between 760-1900 feet. This means the object could have been traveling 500-1300 mph. This should therefore have made a significant amount of noise. I estimate the object, if indeed 1-2 miles from the car, was cruising at an altitude between 750-2800 feet. One observation i voiced at the time was that it had no visible spectrum of offgassing, fuel output, waste energy, or other trails to speak of. The object made no visible course corrections when it left our view. Despite it being a clear summer night, it is as if it either blinked from existence / view permanently, or traveled faster in the WNW direction (directly away from view, thus appearing to disappear entirely). it didn't look like it had shut its lights off, just simply was there and then it wasn't. 

As a trained Eng Technician with years of experience with robotics and automation, as well as an interest in GIS, I can confidently say it was not a form of technology available to the public, or a scientific experiment. This object flew over an affluent suburban neighborhood, and disappeared without changing altitude,velocity, heading, or other physical traits. My conclusions are that if a true UFO, this object would likely have a rigid hull, a finely tuned Semi-autonomous flying pattern, and is somewhere between 20-80 ft in length.
