{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-17 18:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485771","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73954","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6183,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/771/mufon-5485771.json","updb_database_id":5485771}
Initial bright flash, further 4 flashes on a straight trajectory. Intermediate observation of a slight glow appearing and fading on same trajectory

On the evening of Sunday the 17th of January, 2016 at approx. 18:50 I went on to my terrace, outside at the back of my house for a cigarette and to take a look at the starry sky on such a clear night. 

I initially noticed a very bright white flash, which I can only describe as what resembled a "camera flash", very intense white light lasting no longer than one second. It had an approx. elevation of around 251 from my standpoint and was observed above the roofs of the adjacent houses.

After the initial flash I could no longer see any object or reflection. Somewhat perplexed as to what this object may have been, I continued to observe the sky in that general area. 

Once more, a bright flash was observed (though not as intense as the first) which seemed to show "a flight path" all be it, in a straight line moving from west to east.

Very intrigued as to what this may be, I continued my observation with more passion. I could then very vaguely distinguish an object either emitting or reflecting light for a period of 2-3 seconds. It appeared as a dark orange to red, slowly appearing then fading into the night sky. The speed of the object was faster than I have ever previously observed from any satellite and I am certain (call it gut feeling if you wish) was no civil or military aircraft. There was no evidence of signal lights or such forth. 

This observation was not so bright but visible with the naked eye, although this was in an urban area with somewhat light pollution from streetlights and the moon.

At this point I then rushed in the house to grab my i-phone in the hope of capturing any image or video. As I returned I witnessed another bright flash and again vaguely seeing an object in a reddish-orange slowly come into view then again fade after about two seconds. 

I was occupied with my i-phone, getting it unlocked and the video switched on as again the object again came into view. It was seen as a vague reddish-orange light slowly appearing only to slowly fade after maybe two seconds. I could also tell the object was moving away at this point in an easterly direction. Unfortunatly I was too slow with my i-phone to capture any image of this and I'm not really sure if this would have beed "picked up" by the i-phone camera due to the above mentioned light pollution.

I then had my i-phone video switched on and pointing it to the general area as to where I last observed the object, taking into consideration the trajectory and speed the object was moving at. There were no further observations and I thought this strange experience was over. 

Luckily, there came another two flashes which I actually managed to get on camera. This was the last I saw of the object, though I patiently waited and filmed further for some time.

To be noted the video of the first flash @19 secs. doesn't really do it justice as this was faster to the naked eye. The light reaction time of the camera seems to make it slowly appear then fade. The second flash @32 secs. is more like what I saw with the naked eye. 

Summing the whole experience up I can only describe the objects actions as too fast and too low the elevation to have been a satellite. I have seen satellites suddenly reflect sunlight before but never to such an intensity and briefness (like I mentioned above similar to that of a camera flash) as this object, especially the first initial flash. 

I am sure this was no aircraft due to the lack of signal lights, sound and the general nature of the flashes, appearance of lights emitted from the object. This object was also not a drone, though there is no proof I certainly had a feeling the object was far away and for that it was simply too high & fast.

My only personal explanation to all of this was either a meteor or some space debris basically skimming on the upper atmosphere (similiar to that of a flat stone skimming accross water) due to such a flat trajectory. In my opinion this would explain the bright flashes and intermediate "glowing" of the object. 

I'm no rocket scientist but the one thing which certainly sticks out in my memory of this experience was the intial flash. For me this is a true Ufo as I really haven't a clue and it remains to me unidentified.

I am sending the video of course but also other photos to give an impression of the panorama from my little terrace.

Thankyou to anyone who takes the time to read this and take me seriously, my girlfriend just laughs at me !

Pic 1 - between the LNB from the satellite dish and the chimney below is where I witnessed the Initial flash

Pic 2 - above the far right chimney stack is approx. where the second flash occured and the third flash just before the post with the weather vain.

Pic 3 - an approx. photo of where I was standing whilst I filmed

Ufo - a cropped clip of what I filmed

Ufo & Moon - the full lenghth vid of what I filmed the flashes occuring @ 19 & 32 secs respectively
