{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-19 22:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524771","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31044","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3682,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/771/mufon-5524771.json","updb_database_id":5524771}
Large diamond shape craft emitted two bright balls of light!

Event 8/19/2011
10:05 pm
As reported to ASD by phone today - in their exact words. I spoke to the husband and wife who witnessed this. Their two teenage children saw it too, but I did not speak to them. The witnesses refused to make their own report on the MUFON website and only wanted to talk to me. They made me promise not to reveal their identity or contact information. I asked them to make a drawing and send it to me. 

Report: 

"We were pulling into our driveway last night when the radio suddenly went to static and would not work on any channel. We got out of the car and headed for the house when my wife noticed something just above the tree line at the back of our property. We live in a suburban area but our yards are pretty big - about 200 feet long and we have a double lot that is 100' wide, and we have lots of trees in the back. Anyway, we watched this bright white object that had a diamond shape and what looked like a long antenna in front of it on one point of the diamond. It was very close to us - less than 150' feet away at the first point where we saw it. It looked like it measured about 80 feet or so in length, and about 60 feet in width with a slight dome from the edges to the center on the top and bottom. We saw it from the side at first, and from the bottom later. The object was a craft of some type that had structure to it, and it was all white, and actually glowing white. We could hear a low-pitched hum and a higher-pitched overtone coming from it. My kids and my wife and I were spellbound, and didn't even think to go inside to get a camera! I am very upset that we didn't get a picture of it. 

My daughter tried to text her friend but her cell phone went dead as soon as she starged typine. Then my son tried his cell phone and it went dead right after he got his friend on the phone. They were both fully charged before we left the house earlier. 

Anyway, the object just hovered there for a couple of minutes, then slowly rose up and stopped approximately 1001 feet from the ground. Then two bright white balls of light (or fireballs) shot out from underneath the center of it and went in different directions -one to the Northwest, and the other to the Southeast. They moved so fast that they were gone in two seconds! I don't know where they went and lost sight of them. Then the large object started moving towards the Northwest slowly at first, then faster. Then the craft turned to the south and stopped and the two balls of light came back and went inside it, or more like joined with it. And instantly the thing just took off at a high rate of speed and went straight up and was gone! We were in shock - none of us could believe what we saw. We just kept saying 1Oh my God.1 I used to be a skeptic but now am a complete believer that there are other beings in the universe besides man. This was definitely not a helicopter or plane, or any type of man-made vehicle." We will be watching again tonight to see if it comes back, this time with cameras in hand.
