{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499771","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59359","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4921,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/771/mufon-5499771.json","updb_database_id":5499771}
{jd} White, segmented capsule with black stripe (+/- 6ft in length) flew in a straight line just overhead. Possible UAV type UFO.

About 20 minutes before the event I was sitting on the back porch and smoking a cigarette while sharing a snack with a friend. We were discussing the odd UFO events of the previous night (see my previous MUFON report). I was also telling her about the low and peculiar cloud cover that seemed unique and persistent. The tone was one of suspicion and concern. 

I looked up, and just over to my left. After almost three months consistent activity (every night with exception to those with a full moon, heavy cloud cover, heavy rain) I see this thing. For just a second I paused to making sure I wasn't hallucinating, and then I pointed out the small UAV/drone type UFO to my friend. This object was white and shiny like a new car, and it had a black stripe across the middle. In my estimation, it was approximately 4 foot in length, and had a diameter of 4-6 inches. I did use trees and structures for scope. My friend disagrees with my observation on its size. She believes the UFO to be 8 feet in length (+/-) but agrees that it is too small for a person to pilot. It looked exactly like a common pain relief/supplement capsule (gelatin/gel cap) even bearing such a pill's segment. That segment is where the +/- 6 inch black stripe was located. The object was flying in a perfectly straight direction while maintaining its altitude like a lead weight cutting through water. 

We both instantly became a little nervous and used a few expletives while asking each other what this UFO could possibly be. I've never heard of such a thing, nor had she. It came from the south and flew north. Both myself and the other witness lost sight of it in the distance. It was not moving very fast, but it was impressive nonetheless- given its size, lack of visible propulsion/fuel exhaust. We could not agree on its altitude or exact size. We do agree that it was too small to be anything other than a UAV/drone. 

My gut tells me it is a new government or military scouting device that is propelled by antigravity technology. My theory is that it is fitted with technology and software used to "sniff" out or particular elements and complex chemicals associated with nuclear, explosive, or illegal narcotics. I had read a report of US military drones being fitted with explosive detecting devices a short while back and being used in the middle east. I doubt that such drones could be used at home domestically without upsetting/intimidating everyone. On its own, and given the lack of informed minds here and abroad regarding technology and the sciences, a UFO we saw did not look like it could harm people. Fort Campbell and the DOE's Oak Ridge facilities are not that far away. Oak Ridge reportedly is using their facilities to build the new motors credited to Tesla Motor Co. For myself, this type of thing is a natural/obvious progression of such an equation.

JUST A NOTE

Late last night, I noticed numerous UFOs with the same witness as above. These objects were typical in size, shape, and lighting. What I see almost nightly from my home: triangles, disc, orbs, flash. There were two exceptions to what has become the norm that I can note. We heard what seemed like a helicopter, but I could only narrow down a very general direction (SE) because the sound was so muffled. It seemed to fool my senses regarding distance, and altitude to full effect. The other thing I am uncertain about. Roughly between Orion's Belt and the Pleades constellations the was one of two solid objects. The other similar object was directly in front of the Pleades. The both seemed to be a burnt cherry red, VERY large, and using some sort of light refracting device. I could only find binoculars to see them a bit better, but for those that stargaze, you KNOW what the Pleades looks like to the naked eye, and it was all wrong last night. Of course, my placement of these objects in the night sky is in relation to my location and time.

Again, I would love for someone to come out here and record/document all of this. This small area is a hotbed for activity. I am anticipating an email or call.
