{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-26 22:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489771","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69837","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3071,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/771/mufon-5489771.json","updb_database_id":5489771}
{jpg} 1055pm Santa Monica Mountains I saw very colorful blinking object moving in zig-zag lines without sound.

Santa Monica Mountains near Santa Monica area on August 26, 2015 at approximately 1055pm local time I saw VERY colorful blinking lights to the northwest just above the mountain tops. At first I thought it was a helicopter using a spotlight off in the distance until I looked more closely and saw how amazingly colorful it was and that there was no sound. I was in a very quiet canyon and I couldn't hear it at all. It was quite amazing the array of colors that pulsated very quickly and it was oddly bright, and yet slightly fuzzy like a star (but bigger) seen through low atmosphere, though very clear to the naked eye that it was pulsating colors and flashing. Then I noticed it was moving around in zig zags VERY quickly.
I have personally never seen an object in the sky move like that and at the distance it was, I don't know anything that can move as quickly as it did and so erratically. I went and got a video camera and videoed the object and you can see it on the footage moving in sharp shapes and pulsating an array of colors.
I was perplexed and rather stunned that I was seeing something I had never seen before.
This took place for about 7 minutes. After it moved for a bit it then appeared to remain in one spot. Then I knew it was strange but I thought it might be a star pulsating like crazy due to atmosphere?
There was no sound and then after about 3 or 4 minutes a helicopter came by to my north. That I could hear as a helicopter, the object never made sound. 
I went inside to check online and figured I would come back in 5 minutes and see if it was still there, perhaps proving to myself that it was a pulsating star. I went back out 5 minutes later and it was gone and there was no star in the sky where it had been. I wish I would have just kept filming it, but I was quite baffled all around.
I included a very short video though I have about 7 minutes of it on video. I also included a GoogleEarth view and approximation of my location and the objects location.
