{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-04-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504771","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54113","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4590,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/771/mufon-5504771.json","updb_database_id":5504771}
{rjl} have listed three separate incidences of ufo sightings below

Last year in April 2013 I was traveling east to west on loop 1604 at 9 ish am to work and it was very cloudy overcast day and it was bumper to bumper traffic heading towards UTSA and I 10 intersection. When I looked to my left over which is the area of The Rim and Camp Bullis, Dominion area I noticed a silvery elongated craft up in the sky in the distance. This thing was HUGE and I am surprised no one reported - but the thing was a brushed silver that literally was camouflaged into the clouds and it was going in the opposite direction that I was. I said oh my God what the hell is that? The shape reminded my of the Rose bush sprayers- it was a rectangular elongated cube with an huge elliptical sphere on the right end. It was multidimensional as I saw it from different angles. I will never forget it. And no I do not do any drugs of any sort. It was so big and moving at a steady pace not real fast. I was traveling maybe 40 ish....I tried to submit it to Mufon last year but it did not go thru.... Also a month later I was out walking my dogs and saw a group of orange and pink lights travel from west to east in the southern sky 1/2 way up and they seemed to not be indicative of a plane but jumped back and forth erracticly while heading in a path mentioned above. Back and forth up and down they seemed to revolve around each other and other times seemed separate. No noise at all. Same with the above craft. Eerily quiet. Now I take my dogs out nightly and I had been seeing 2 nites ago for two nites in a row an odd orb type-bigger that the stars- bright light that has been stationary above the houses in the neighborhood that I live in. I got binoculars and it seemed to change colors to red to green to purple and then a stream of blue coming out of the bottom center while it seemed to change from an orb shape to a elongated shape like it was on its side and that is when the blue came streaming out the bottom - a periwinkle blue color. Otherwise the lite is very bright no blinking lights and fixed in its position. The second nite it was in a different location over another house in the distance but it still was there...also noted mid way up the sky was a triangle star like pattern of light that did not look like stars to me.Was this a black triangle? This was just fixated there also not far from the orb but up higher in the sky. I know what the constellations are cuz I took Astronomy in college so this was not a star formation....Last nite they were not in the sky although the stars were out....I watch the mufon ufo stalker and have seen reports of the orange lites I saw all over the US and elsewhere. But never saw anything like the rose bush sprayer of stainless steel that I saw. That thing was about the size I would say of 2 football fields.....I told my son - he said Mom you are crazy!!! I just laughed to myself....something is going on up there and I think we have all had our heads buried in the sands of denial for way too long- ETs are real and they are everywhere - we are all not crazy....I am very sane and intelligent to know better. My parents saw 5 UFOs in the 60's and there is just too much evidence. Our government is keeping things from us and we deserve and must demand to know the truth! Our future on this planet depends on this knowledge. Why are they here? Have they made contact with our officials....some stories say yes as far back as Eisenhauer in modern times. They have been here longer than we have I am sure. I know a Nasa guy who says they were here....but probably cannot divulge more...well I am a seeker of the truth and there's a lot of books out there and one in particular book explains how we are resistant to change and talking bout UFOs- that even a good friend of mine does not like to talk about it at all.Like my son - says Crazy- They are uncomfortable with it...the unknown is scary. So that is why we must find out the TRUTH..... that's my opinion.
