{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-11-07 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492771","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66755","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5068,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/771/mufon-5492771.json","updb_database_id":5492771}
{cak} i saw it among some trees in the woods near where i live....

Well its hard to say...it has been some years ago...but I had worked overtime that night...somewhere between 2-3 am...I was on my way home heading toward Hillsboro on 16 there is open spaces for 7 miles. There are no houses in between except maybe 2-3..but there are some distance apart. 
  As I was driving I saw a light off to my left. thinking nothing of it. I continued on. Then I saw it again off to my right over a field. It had stopped and was just hovering. So I pulled off the road and looked out over the field as it just hovered not moving or anything. As if it wanted me to know it was there. I must have watched it for a good 10 minutes at least. Just as i was getting ready to go over to it, a ISP...had snuck up on me somehow without me seeing him. since there were no other cars coming from either direction. Since it is not a busy highway,it seems deserted at times...Anyway the strange thing about the trooper...he didnt ask for any form of ID...or even a drivers license. Which didn't come to mind till some time later. He did ask me what i was doing there..i said I was spotting deer. and he did say to me..its against the law....he wanted to know if I had any weapons with me..so he checked my trunk..and then he tells me I cant stay here. not once did he ask for my name or address...or even a ID...All he had to do was look toward the field...which seemed strange as well. 
  since he saw me looking that way. You think he would of at least...took notice. So anyway I left, and continued on again. And again as I was driving I noticed a light had went past me on the right and was now in front of me off in the distance....As I was approaching Hillsboro..i could see it as if it was hovering over the courthouse.....But the closer I got the more farther it would be as if it was moving away...or wanted me to follow it...yet it only seemed like it was only about a 1/4 of a mile in front of me.but never left my eyes. Finally I got home..it was about 3 or 4 in the morning...which seemed strange when it is only about a 20 minute drive. As I turned the corner to my house...I noticed just how close it was..So I got out of my car after I reached home.. went into the house..and decided to look outside to see if it was still there. So I went out..and off in the distance are some woods..so I focused on the woods. that's when I saw it again. I could see it among the trees...the woods were at least 3 blocks away. So I stood on my porch watching it...as I stood there I noticed what appeared to be a beam of light shining down toward the ground...I may have seen a couple of ET's standing next to the craft...but I cant be sure...it could of been some small trees...But anyway..as I watched it appeared to me as if they were trying to retrieve something from the ground...it may have been a body of a ET..now I am thinking a craft may have crashed there years ago..and no one thought much of it..so no one ever bothered to report it..i think there is a craft there..as if it had either been buried there..or something was there they need to get from the ground.. I am sure something was or is still there ...as I stood there I thought I would try something. So I went got my flashlight...and shined it toward the woods. You could see the outline of the trees from the light that was coming from the woods.
 I had a spot light that would shine for a mile..so I turned it on...and off maybe 3 times...when at first I saw this bright light coming back at me..the next thing I knew..it must of been an energy beam...when it hit me it didn't hurt...but it knocked me back about 5ft. Then I got scared went back into my house...and watched it from my window...all of a sudden I felt so tired..as if I was being forced to sleep...I just got so tired..i managed to make it to my bed..and I was out...but just before I passed out...I could hear a humming noise over my house.. whatever it was..it had cast a shadow over my house....and that was that...I can tell you a whole lot of sightings I have had....and why I believe they are coming ..I think I know why..i have to many it would take me about 3 days just to write to you about them..and to finish my reports...if you was to come to my house..it would take most of the day just to tell them all to you. So if you want to write a book about them..or add them to one...let me know..i got maybe 2 chapters in me...may 3 at the most..or more..
