{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286771","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116611","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2427,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/771/mufon-5286771.json","updb_database_id":5286771}
Larger glowing circle of light with a smaller colored white light straight above it.

My girlfriend and I were sitting on our deck which faces West but has North to South views as well. When sitting there my g.f. who was facing south said to me, do you see that? I swiveled my chair from facing North and looked south and immediately saw an orangey yellow light quite low in the sky with a dim white light straight up from the other about 3 fingers wide from my perspective. We were baffled on what it was.It wasn't there a matter of seconds earlier. . We watched for several seconds and I grabbed my phone The lower object began to get brighter and brighter, still orangey yellow. We were stunned as it wasn't moving at all. It then started to get very bright and started to dim as fast as it brightened. 
WE then observed both lights dimmed where we could not see them anymore. It was very bizarre! I snapped a photo as fast as possible and ended up getting a photo with 2 grayish smears in the sky from where the lights were. I then zoomed in to find a smaller white light to the right that is far from the sighting? I am an amateur astronomy buff slightly, and have seen many things in the near past that are very interesting too. We are completely baffled on this unusual sighting, It appeared almost like a warp drive as seen on sci.fi shows that it powered up and then disappeared into distant space? We swear by our experience and would not report something if it was not seen. The following photo attached is very difficult to make anything of but if you look hard you will see the smears I mentioned . Its a shame we didn't get the glowing object because it was very prominent in the sky. Not a meteor or star or planet etc .
