{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-02-10 10:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517335","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40676","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3098,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/335/mufon-5517335.json","updb_database_id":5517335}
resembled a crow but not buzzing like bees also fluttered and spun figure-8

good to begin with I do not speak English did this with the help of a translator to write on your site. what happened that day I went to the fields with my father but went out later in the morning was a cloudless day, when I was walking to the door of the ground when you hear a buzzing bee thought they were so I bend for pass but did not stop the noise so I looked you up and not a bird that flew away in front of me as 500 meters on a nearby mountain and peque1a.pero what I felt was that the noise did not stop so I thought that was a avioneta.deje to see a few seconds and walked out the door follow the noise immediately stopped and returned to hear so I returned to see to achieve that direction to see another object just the same way as above this see be sure to see it to make sure that what you to that you fuerte.no zunbar so it was not a movement toward pajo by-eight and was moving to seize momentum to climb back estubo turning in all directions as ten second look to be turned around into a tailspin toward back of the mountain without stopping as if it were to be impressed estrellar.despues something incredible that was suddenly returned to get another of equal shape and color and did the same after nail monta1a.despues achieve the look that was where they came from the cloud because it was the only one who was there and was a size small because I could see the sky above it and did not look any bird flying in the sky. out five or six did the same maneuvers and dug into the mountain. after which appalled by what happened back running to tell my father .... Pope asked the birds hum? said possibly when thrown into a tailspin ... ask not heard the buzz? I said no ... I said if I sounded like plane said he had heard nothing. so I went way back to my house thinking I had seen that made me want to go aver monta1a.me behind the wing again was curious and afraid .. afraid of what might be ... and if something I spent who would help me so I went home and since then I keep thinking that if there ...... maybe are not like the tv has taught ... talves are different ........ I hope I can give a coherent explanation I have no physical evidence but with the picture try to explain what happened that day not with all the details but a little. someone seen something like this please I want to know thank you
