{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-02-03 07:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282335","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121123","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2404,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/335/mufon-5282335.json","updb_database_id":5282335}
4 UFOs moving in coordinated maneuvers, seeming to break sound barrier with no boom. Maneuvers that cannot be replicated by our technology

I was on vacation in Cancun with my girlfriend, we were getting ready for dinner that night and I was on the balcony. When I looked up and saw 4 UFOs, at first they were moving extremely slow together at the same speed out at see heading down the coast. I called my girlfriend to come out and look at them and she saw them all too. They would randomly stop and hover and keep going very slowly. Then randomly 2 of them move backwards at instantaneous speed, we’re couldn’t believe what we were seeing. Some of them would disappear and reappear somewhere else. All completely silent. The way they moved seemed obviously coordinated by intelligence as they were in tandem, then at random times reversing directions at speeds that I don’t think humanity is capable of. Outside of those few crazy maneuvers they ended up going all the way down the coast and out of sight. In looking for a rational explanation for this I tried to research this and I found out that night there was the ISS that was supposed to be going overhead of us and visible. Then we saw the ISS too. Very different, went much faster with no change of directions as it was one constant speed, it was also a little whiter than the objects we saw just before hand.
I can think of no possible explanation for what we saw outside of it not being human technology. We just simply can’t go 10k miles an hour and stop instantaneously, then hover and then move at slow speeds with no sound. Something I will never forget.

I tried to take a video, but you can’t see anything worthwhile
