{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-05-20 02:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474335","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86003","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2337,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/335/mufon-5474335.json","updb_database_id":5474335}
{cak} Numerous occasions of continuous events and experiences both different shapes of flying objects and entities.

There are female neighbors who are responsible along with their friends to torture or kill the aliens in order to steal space aliens suites to commit illegal acts. The space suites have the capacity to reach transparency level. It's a cloaked device of invincibility, just like military suites. But, aliens space suites are much more advanced. Can detect and visualize,. infrared thermal functionality. It has extraordinary capabilities with other functions as well. This information has been revealed by kids and have been recorded. Wonder if these recordings are still available or erased. The military has and can help control this issue of people getting these suites to commit illegal actions against civilians. From Kids account's, greyish whitish almond shaped aliens are friendly. Children are upset about bad treatment against aliens and taking suites away. This situation is and is occurring in different places. It needs immediate action to control this horrible issue.I have had numerous encounters since childhood. Been visited, observed and used to collect specimens. The point is that the greyish white, black almond shaped eyes aliens are not bad. Never been hurt by them, they are very good in acupuncture. Their touch and their energy is extraordinary. Highly knowledgeable. During my long stay in the hospital and nursing home care, had numerous encounters. Also seen few flying objects out of this world. Reptilian encounter is vague and weird, rather physically painful. Felt physical pain right after or moment of encounters. One time, did not approached, but observed me from afar behind some trees and bushes.
