{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-07 03:24:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518335","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38941","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3444,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/335/mufon-5518335.json","updb_database_id":5518335}
slow star like objects hovering above saskatoon.

I wasn't going to report this, but that's twice now in the past few weeks that I have seen something odd in the sky of Saskatoon. The first time I had went for one of my late night drives, which involves an ice cap and loud music not UFO hunting at all. When I decided to go home, after getting out of my vehicle I felt this scary feeling so I hurried to my back door to find it locked, that's when I decided to look up and there right above my yard and a very tall spruce tree was this bright white star like object hovering with a weird path(it could be a satellite) but this was really big and bright and looked like it was in our atmosphere. So I watched it for a few seconds then I unlocked my door and went in to get my room mate. He came out but we had to run to the front because we could not see it past the trees. The front of the house was worst but we could see it moving through the trees still at the same pace so I decided to run out back again and get in my car, and I drove fast down the alley way to the street near by which has a big clearing of most of the night sky but nothing! It was gone so I drove to 8th then to the university bridge and still nothing. 

Story number 2 just happened tonight, I had taken one of my late night drives and ended up going into the wood lawn cemetery. Usually I park in the fields just past the cemetery to collect my thoughts and as I was sitting there looking at my face book this scary feeling came over me again, so I looked up and around and I noticed this bright star or so I thought in the sky above the industrial section of Saskatoon. So I am thinking ok this is clearly just a star its changing colours like other stars I have seen but then I thought but that's in the winter time so I looked at it again and it was gone. So I left the graveyard I still had that scary feeling the whole time, and after going for a short ride around the west side I ended up parked in rotary park by the river. Just as quickly as I parked I got that same creepy feeling again so I looked out my window and there was another of those bright white star like objects and this time it seemed super close, I didn't know what to do so I watched it as it seemed to hover towards me and I got this feeling like it was checking me out. Then I turned towards it with my car and it jolted and started to hover towards broadway/8th street, during this time I tried to videotape it but was to shaky, though it's on there but still hard to make out. So after it started to get dimmer I decided to follow it only to lose it again. Never found it again. 

I am starting to think that perhaps I am being followed or something. Or I am just parked in places at the wrong time? I don't know what but something strange is going on in the Saskatoon night sky's this year!
