{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-16 17:46:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497335","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62030","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3273,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/335/mufon-5497335.json","updb_database_id":5497335}
{cak} 5 pulsating lights traveling SE being followed by aircraft

I had just walked outside to have a cigarette at 5:47 when I looked to the East sky as I am an avid star gazer. There was minimal cloud cover to the south and the sky was dark enough to observe stars in the background. At approximately 60 degrees above the horizon to the east I noticed 5 lights blinking in succession starting with the one furthest to my south and extending approximately 90 degrees evenly across my field of view to the north. My initial thought was that it might be a satellite, but surprisingly there was also a satellite streaking across the sky from the north-east heading south-west. This provided me with a reference for atmospheric conditions and distance. The satellite maintained light characteristics and moved at a constant speed behind the blinking lights. Thus the blinking lights had to be within the distance from earth to the satellite. 

At this point I felt very excited by what I was witnessing and called into the house for my girlfriend to come and observe. She came within 10 seconds and also observed the same phenomena. 

Seconds later I noticed a military plane coming from the north with solid red and green lights. The jet followed in the direction of the blinking lights, and when it past my view directly east I could hear the jet engine. At this time the 5 lights were still traversing in a south-east direction but started to turn more east, also the pattern in which the blink changed to be more random than sequential. Each blink lasted a fraction of a second, with time in between blinks ranging from 1 to 3 seconds. When first observed the lights were arranged linearly, but as I witnessed them moving more east the line of lights changed to more of a random configuration, this led me to think the 5 lights were in fact separate objects rather than one. 

I eventually lost sight of the objects behind the southern cloud cover, though I could still hear the jet engine from the plane for an additional 1 to 2 minutes. 

After the sighting I felt very energized and ecstatic. It was a good feeling and not one of anxiety or nerves. I kept thinking to myself "no way I have never seen anything like this before". 

My background in observation is two-fold. First I was a trained seamen in the US Navy from 2004-2008 where I achieved the rank of E-5. My job was a Quartermaster, making weather observations and identifying aircraft on lookout. Secondly, in college I took multiple astronomy classes in which we made astronomical observations and have witnessed on many occasions satellites. This sighting is something I have never witnessed before.
