{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-03-01 12:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512335","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45986","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4708,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/335/mufon-5512335.json","updb_database_id":5512335}
{nd} Sighting in Creekside Greens Park, in El Dorado Hills, UFO appearing and dispearing

Approx time 12:25pm to 12:45pm on 3/01/13 
Location: Creekside Greens Park, El Dorado Hills, CA 95762


We went to the park to have a nice lunch in the sun. We sat at a picnic table facing north. First off, we noticed a lot of grayish-white birds flying really high in a large circle (on our right side - East Side), just as seagulls or buzzards do. We were watching them in amazement, because we did not know that birds flew that high! They reminded me of seagulls, and there were at least 30+ of them. They might have been birds, but I1m not sure now. Then we noticed some were shiny in the refection of the sun. Oh, those were not birds! Some might have been birds, but some were clearly not birds, because they were very shiny and plane like. Some were a little bigger, too. One second there were birds & planes flying, then the next second they were gone (I mean in a blink of an eye they were gone), and just a few birds were left flying in plain sight, maybe at least 10. It seemed like at first the seagulls were all dispersed in the one section, and after the others disappeared,the ones that were left (the 10) were going in different directions, flying away from where the circle originally was. No more flying in a circle, just flying away.

Where did the other birds go, and where did the planes go? Then we saw some planes, that were lower than the birds were, flying east again, and we could clearly see they were plane type objects flying slowly by (because of the refection of the sun showing they were made of metal), and they vanished into nowhere in the same area that the birds and the other planes vanished! Then out of nowhere, on the opposite side (left side 1 the west side of our view), we saw three plane like objects appear out of no here, flying in a triangle formation, with one plane leading in front of the formation and there were two others in a pair, for a total of five flying objects. It looked almost like a five pointed star (a pentagram), with each object being one of the points of the star.. They came out of NOWHERE! Trees blocked my view, so I could not see where they went or if they vanished, but they were going away from the area where the birds and planes vanished, towards Sacramento. They were clearly flying plane like objects because they had a shiny refection in the sun.

We could not hear any noise from these planes and could not see where they were coming from or going to. It was right above us, so we should have been able to see them getting smaller as they were leaving our vision, but they were literally there one second, and gone the next. Some were flying low enough that we should have seen them go off into the horizon. We could not tell if they had wings or not, or their true shape, they were not close enough, but close enough to tell they were a plane of some kind. Everything disappeared in this one particular section - the section where we first noticed the seagull things flying in a circle. It was a very large section that things were coming and going in and out of.

What I figure is that there was a mother ship right above us, and the seagulls might have gone behind or inside of it. As for the planes, I think they clearly were coming from the mother ship, which was invisible to the naked eye. 

Then at work down the street, my radio, which is an old antenna radio, started freaking out. It was making loud, screeching, very high pitched noises. I1m not sure if this has anything to do with the sightings, because I never have heard those kinds of noises before from my radio, but it happened probably 15 minutes after we saw this sighting.

On my way home from work, I noticed that we had military fighters flying around El Dorado Hills, making several passes. So, I think the military knows about it. 

What a trip! I wish I had gotten photos or a video recording. I do have map of the park that we were at.
