{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-24 20:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515335","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42828","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2904,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/335/mufon-5515335.json","updb_database_id":5515335}
Two glowing objects moving randomly and changing lights and shapes

During the first days of September 2012 and while i was sitting on my balcony i noticed a strange light in the sky. This light started to glow change colors and patterns and started to move in different directions very fast. It was very strange because i did not know what i was looking at. Thiw object remain in the sky for more that 40 minutes this day and the next days. Between the 3rd and 6th of September everey night i observed this strange object doing fascinateing things in the sky. They way it moved was extraordinary i have never seen anything like this. It changed colors probably shapes and directions in the blink of an eye. I have served my time in the army and believe me there is no human flying object that can move like that or stay still in the sky and change directions in this way.
More than 10 people have witnessed this sight but i was the only one with the camera so i start filming. Thiw object was sighted on September 6th and since then i have done a research over the internet in order to find similar videos. I found many that were similar to mine and then i thought that this is the evidence i need. We are not alone in the universe. I always believed that it is selfish to think that we are alone in the infinity of our system but now i felt like other people who had the same experience.
On the 24th of September 2012 the object was again on the sky of Athens! But this time there were two of them! They performed amazing moves and moved in ways that we can only see in movies. I have also filmed this event and i want to share it with everybody because the experience is fantastic.
I felt joy when i was watching the object and i also felt that they were trying to communicate with us. Piece, friendship and unity where the feeling i had during the event. I only wish i could get closer and one day i believe that this will become true. I am sending a small sample of the videos i posesss.I have more videos but i could not upload them. If you wish give an e-mail address so that i can send them to everybody who wants them.
