{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492335","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67210","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3426,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/335/mufon-5492335.json","updb_database_id":5492335}
{rjl} Uncle and I sat next to camp fire then they came. The window opened they wre looking at us.Then beam of light.Wiered stuff happend next.

In 1970 late one night my step dad came in and got mom up in a frantic rush. He handed her money and told her to get to her mom's in Arizona... I couldn't tell you how long we were their before my Uncle came over and asked to take me out to explore...And after begging mom to let me go I was finally told , OK/
So we planed on leaving at first light the next day. It turned out to be several hours before day light.
 So about 0330 or so my Uncle woke me up... I quietly got up and dressed then we wrote a note to mom and Grandma so they wouldn't worry. Then quietly slipped out of the house. We drove for hours and well into the day before we got to the Devil's Spire... Or the porch step to Heaven...We got out and Uncle put some ropes around me and himself and we started to climb. We had been climbing for a long while when I heard him say," Stop and hold on to the rocks and be still. The next thing I knew he had grabbed me and slung me around his shoulder and onto his back and tied me on. Then he continued the climb... It wasn't too long before we were on top of the plat-toe....We rested in the shade next to a big rock...Uncle gave me a drink and some food and had me rest while he went back down for the rest of our supply's for the night. 
 It was later in the evening when I looked up at my Uncle only to find a HORRIFIED look on his face....When I turned to look is when the beam of light came out. It was just hovering out in front of us. But next to the Plat-toe away from the wall by 50 feet anyway...It hummed and had a swirlish kind of sound....As I looked I could see a window and 2 people looking at us. The next thing I know is that my Uncle had grabbed me and jerked me up on to his back and ran for the rope that we had used to climb up with. We drove so fast with Uncle looking over his shoulder in fear...It was later when we pulled in to Grandmas did we find out that we were gone for some 3 and half days. 
 That just wasn't possible. I was nine or just ten at the time. So you can imagine the trouble I got into because of being gone for so long. What was strange was that grandma called the Marshall and he came out to ask question's. He left scratching his head in disbelief and anger. Apparently we were gone for some 3.5 days and the cops had been searching for us. I found out some years latter that we out on the Hoppy Indian Reservation . In a place that was called Wonderland. It was about 18 months latter my Uncle would die from a very different kind of fast moving cancer. I myself have had medical issues since. 
 I wish I had proof but I have none. I wish I never would have experienced this but I did. And now I'm the only one left to tell the tale.
