{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-06 03:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284335","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119085","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2563,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/335/mufon-5284335.json","updb_database_id":5284335}
Group of luminous, solid, white triangles moving smoothly and slowly across the sky

At 3:09 am I was walking through my apartment complex back to my apartment, admiring how many stars I could see on such a clear night. I recently got a new phone so was testing out the "night mode" camera setting to see how many stars would be visible in a picture. You have to hold the phone steady for a few seconds so I did that and as I lowered my phone and pressed the button to turn the screen off, I caught a glimpse through the camera app of a thin white line. 

Thinking it was maybe a shooting star that I had just missed, I looked up to the sky again. In the sky, I saw a group of white, luminous triangles moving slowly and steadily across my field of view (moving south/southeast toward the highway). It was difficult to tell how high up they were, they looked maybe just smaller than if I were to hold a penny out at arm's length. I am not sure of the number of them, but it seemed like 7, where 6 were in a straight like and one was below the second in line (similar to a bird's flying V shape, but with only one object in the second line). They moved extremely smoothly, there was no sound at all, and they did not waver or move in relation to one another. Initially because of their formation I thought they could be birds, but the objects themselves all seemed identical, solid, and unmoving, and very very clearly visible and white like they were emitting their own light. Then I thought it could be some sort of banner, but the movement seemed too unwavering for that. I was so confused by what I was seeing (and didn't want to look away) that I didn't think to pull my phone out again until they were almost completely out of sight. As they moved out of sight, it looked similar again in the distance to a thin white line. I was confused, but calm, and after the event I walked to my apartment and told my partner what I had seen (as well as texting a friend about it).
