{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504769","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54115","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4550,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/769/mufon-5504769.json","updb_database_id":5504769}
{rjl} On Night of Valentines day I and few others witnessed an object flying over building.

On the night of valentine's day I and four others witnessed a flying object that glowed like a star. It was my female cousin, male cousin, my brother and I. We were walking up 160th st. In Washington Heights. My aunts apartment is halfway up the block between Broadway and Amsterdam. When we got to the front of the building my female cousin spotted the object over the roof line of the school up the block. We were not sure of what it was at first. We thought it was either a plane, helicopter, star or moon. We mentioned it all. Then I noticed the intensity of the lights, the shape of the object, and the way it moved in the sky and determined that it was none of these things we thought of. I saw it so clearly for a few seconds. It appeared to be spinning but I could also notice some patterns on its edges. I then decide to record it. I have to admit, after watching the video I can tell you that the images do the sighting no justice. It was clearer with the naked eye. But I decided to record it for proof that this thing was there and not to prove what it was. I still don't know what it was.
My female cousin was very nervous and thought that the object could somehow land on us, but I knew that even if this thing crashed we were at least a mile away. The object move over the roof line horizontally and vertically. At one point it descended out of our sight behind the rooftop of the building. I then moved to the top of the front stoop to gain height and re-spotted the object. I saw it move for a few seconds and then it descended further out of sight. At this point we all decided to run up to our building's rooftop to get even higher off the ground in hope to capture it on video again. When we reached the top of our building we saw the object again. It was hovering in one spot and then it started to ascend. Then it moved to our right. Then it appeared to move in our direction slightly. That is when I saw a glare of pure white light with a tint of blue. I have seen something similar to to this glare on the HID lights of some cars. We observed the object move in a straight line to our right and then back to the left. It ascended and hovered and then descended behind the same building it was flying over. There were many things that helped distinguish  
this object over its surroundings. The clouds, lights on top of buildings, airplanes flying by, background city noise, even airplane engine noise. This thing made no sounds that we were able to pick up. I hope that you can help us explain what it was. We thought to call the police to report it but that would have required to use my our phones. None of us wanted to do that for fear of missing out in recording it. I realized after the fact that one of our companion at our roof top was a person that was not with us at the time we spotted it downstairs. This kid recorded it also. My brother asked if he could use his phone to report it but this kid said his phone was low in battery. When the object did not reappeared we left the roof top. We never reported it. I thought fro certain that someone else somewhere else had to have seen this and immediately started to search for online reports of it. I was unable to find anything about this event so far but I have posted it on my Facebook and on YouTube. After seeing this the reaction has been mixed for me. I know that it was NOT something I have seen before. I know that NOTHING I have seen before can move so quickly or can be so bright. This thing moved as if it had independence and will. I live near Newark airport and a smaller airport where there are news helicopters. I know what this things look like in daylight and at night. This object was neither of those. Of course, my question remains the same. What was it?
