{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-25 00:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291769","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111561","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2729,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/769/mufon-5291769.json","updb_database_id":5291769}
Weird colored lights above our cabin up north {yellow, red and blue light in the shape of an ants body} - {djs}

I was up north in Michigan at my families cabin. My parents, my girlfriend and my little niece were there at the time. My mom, myself and my girlfriend were all sitting by the fire pit just talking. My dad and niece were inside. It was an eerie night, as it was storming on the horizon and there was a big breeze. It was around midnight. My cabin is in an area where there are not many people or houses around. On one side of the cabin, is woods, the other side is a farming field. At the time, it was hay growing in the field, so you can see all around the field. While we were chatting around the fire, my girlfriend yells “hey! What is that?” And pointed to the sky above the field. I could tell she was distressed. I looked as fast as I could and what I saw was what I could only describe as a yellow, red and blue light in the shape of an ants body. The lights were bigger and it looked like it was only 100 feet from us above the field. Almost over the cabin. As soon as I looked, it was gone. I saw the yellow light go out first, then the red, and then the blue lastly. My girlfriend told me that it appeared out of no where, as she was already looking that way. Also, she said it appeared in the opposite of how we saw it disappear. It formed at the yellow, and then added the red light and then the blue light. And just like that it was gone. My mom was not lucky enough to see it, before it disappeared. Now I do understand that it ‘could’ be some type of firework, because of the red and blue lights. But I disagree 100% because; it was only about 100 feet away from us and that would mean who ever lit it was right by us and there are nobody around us for miles. Also, it had absolutely no sound, no boom, and no streak. Finally, it was stationary and appeared in the sky already and then disappeared in only one or two seconds and it was storming around us. It was a weird experience and I still don’t know what it was. But I do believe that it was extraterrestrial or maybe even secret American military.
