{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-01 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481769","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78217","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4994,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/769/mufon-5481769.json","updb_database_id":5481769}
{dr}My friend was videotaping me and you see on the video but we believe to be an extraterrestrial

My friend and I sometimes sneak onto this golf course that is down the street from us just to mess around. There's not usually people at the lodge when we go because it's so late. But this time there seem to be someone there. So I plan was to just sit there until he left. We saw his car start up and him start to drive. We saw this guy driving to a place that we've never seen before so we it was followed him. It was just another building that we haven't discovered. We hid until he left. When he left we just started messing around at the new building that we descovered. As were doing this we where still paranoid that could be someone around that could catch us. We are on the left side of the building looking toward the lodge between us in the lodge were a lot of trees. There was streetlights by the lodge and we saw the lights from the streetlights seeping through the trees and reflecting off some sort of vehicle in the distance I ran over to check it ou. There was Street lights by the lodge and we saw the lights from the streetlights seeping through the trees and reflecting off some sort of vehicle on the distance. I ran over alone to check it out it was very dark so I got frightene I ran over alone to check it out it was very dark so I got sort of frightened. So I turned around and told my friend to come with me through the path to the vehicle. We got there it was just a little bulldozer. So we just started messing around with it. my friend climbed inside the small bulldozer the bulldozer was facing a lot of trees. I saw shovel so pick it up just to look cool. My friend and I often use an app called Snapchat. So on this app you pretty much just take videos and post them so your friends can see him. My friend was in the bulldozer taking a video for Snapchat. I was standing on the rim of the wooded area with the camera on me. I heard some rustling to the left of me as I glanced over I saw many of the branches flowing towards me like someone ran through it. I get really frightened thinking it was a coyote or something. I run just around 10 feet turn around to look at my friend.I tell my friend to get out of the bulldozer. He couldn't speak he couldn't move he was so frightened. He told me he saw face next to my left shoulder. I wasn't too frightened at this point. I thought there's no way that that could be. Due to the fact that I couldn't think of an animal that was as tall as me that if gotten that close to me when I've hurt me in addition it was orange would look back on the video. We continued to hang around the golf course. When we left the golf course we check the video on my friend Snapchat. On the video it shows me and a shadow come from the right of me. At this point it's hard to see but is definitely there. It's when it passes me you can see it the best. When it passes me see a bright orange stripe that kind a looks like it could be an arm. Once I saw the video I was so frightened. The fact that that thing was close enough that I could of bit me. The crazy thing about the video is when it shows me look to the left that's when I heard it when I look to the left of the being had already passed me. So whatever it was it was so fast so stealthy that I didn't hear it Until I had already passed me. My friend said that when he saw the face all he could see was it go past me really fast and go back into the woods. I've tried rule out that this is an extraterrestrial. But there's just no other explanation. In the video after my friend has put the camera down and looked at himself in the bulldozer. When he looks back up at me yours have to slowdown frame by frame and look at my right shoulder first and when I say right shoulder I mean from which way the camera is facing. Look right at my neck you'll see the shadow pass you have to watch it a few times or maybe not but is very apparent . After you see the right side continue with the rest of the video frame by frame. The most apparent image is when you see an orange thing I don't know what it is it could be an arm but you see a pass behind me to my left shoulder. Keep me and my friend were only messing around despite what my stupid friend says in the video.
