{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-04-30 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459769","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101704","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9238,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/769/mufon-5459769.json","updb_database_id":5459769}
On request 10+ saucer and star shaped objects appeared, along with a bright star that turned out not to be a star

**I have copy and pasted this from a full report I made for my own records the following day**
--------------
Location – National Trust (Top Car Park), Gwithian, Hayle , Cornwall
Sighting Enviroment – Grassy headland near the sea and cliffs
Lighting conditions - No roads or light polution
Weather conditions – cold, still, no wind
Time - approx 10pm
Duration – 5 to 10 minutes, nearer 10 minutes
Weather conditions – Cold, calm, no wind and quiet
-----------------
We had been out on the cliffs taking in the sky, stars and beautiful location for about an hour. It was absolutely freezing cold, so we decided to return to our van to head back home. 
We wandered back chatting about what we had or hadn't seen. When we got there we both needed a 'call of nature' as we were far from any buildings or facilities, so we went and stood at the back of our van, looking approx towards the sky in the Portreath/RAF Portreath direction. Although cold, we were in fine fettle and I jokingly said, “Wouldn't it be funny if we saw a UFO whilst we're having a wee!” ( This couldn't be anymore embarrassing to document, but it is the complete truth, and possibly why we saw them!?) Genuinely within 5 seconds, I spotted the first object starting to move in the sky and then a second, directly in the area we were looking. 
I shrieked out to Jay, “Look, look, there's a UFO, really!! Look!”. Jay couldn't see anything to start with and I got annoyed and said “ You must be blind”. Jay got a little annoyed and said he was going home, but I said repeatedly, " Really, please look!" He replied, "If I can't see them , I can't see them..." Then, after a 30 seconds or so, he said “ Oh yes, I can see them now!” He'd been looking for a single object, but at the begining there were at least two or three objects moving around in the sky! (see my pictorial sketch which is attached)Some were red and others a warm white almost yellowish, they were all spherical and all about the size of big and very bright stars. At times they seemed slightly bigger and then slightly smaller. I saw (with my naked eye) to the left an elyptical red outline of a circle, that if I were to hold my finger and thumb up to it may have been 7 to 10mm apart - that image is imprinted on my brain! (After hearing Jay's description of what he saw through the binoculars, I believe that this was the outside ring of the object/craft and may possibly have been red in colour as it was actually closer to us than the warm white/yellowish objects.) The objects were moving in extremely fast, short, sharp, straight movements - up and down, side to side, diagonally - akin to the way a cursor would move on a computer screen if you were to move the mouse in short, sharp, jerky movements. They all seemed to be moving independently in the way that they wished to. Their movements were random, no patterns, no rhythm to it and absolutely no noise. I made sure we made a point to both be absolutely silent and to see if we could hear anything. There was no sound at all, only rabbits munching and the waves lapping gently in the background. I also shone our fairly bright torch upwards, flashing it at times to see if they reacted to it, but there didn't seem to be any response.
Jay used our binoculars and managed to pick one out, he said “Oh my god! I can see one!” I asked what it looked like, I was shrieking and practically dancing around with excitement the whole time! He said that it was front on to him (I guess either the top or underside?) and that it consisted of a circle within a circle, and that the outer circle was thinner and a burnt/crimsony red in colour and that the middle was a deepish reddy orange. He used the description that it looked like a glowing hot coal. He said it was obviously two circles but that the colours did seem to gradually blend together. He said it appeared so big that it practically filled the field of vision in the binoculars and was stationary (but moving on the spot in some way?) for approx 5 to 10 seconds, so he had a really good look! Then it went to the right and he lost it with the binoculars and couldn't pick it up again. He did see it again (with the naked eye) though quite quickly as a kind of 'blob' (he uses this word to describe it as he says that the stars seemed to look like an atypical cross/jewel/glistening which was very different to the objects which were perfectly round.) That description was another way we could both differentiate between stars and objects of colour with the naked eye. They seemed to get slightly bigger and then smaller at times, and we presumed that this meant they were getting closer to us and then moving further away. He passed the binoculars to me but I couldn't focus in on anything quickly enough and handed them back to him.
The objects were darting around in a fair old section of sky (see pic) and blipping in and out all over the place. There was so much going on we didn't know where to look and it was impossible to count how many there were. It was possible that if each one that blipped 'out' had left and those that were blipping 'in' were new, there could have been 10, 15 or maybe even slightly more.....there was no way of telling. If the same ones were blipping 'in' and 'out' there may have been 5-10ish maybe? The majority of the time there were at least 4 to 5 objects in the sky. Throughout the sighting there was, what I thought was, a very bright and big star quite low in the sky. For some reason my eyes kept going to it. Then I noticed it wasn't a star and was indeed beginning to move slowly (compared to the others, almost sedately) and steadily in a straight line to the right where it stopped for a while, before heading back to the left in the same manner (but much further to the left than right) it then blipped out, as all the others seemed to blip out one by one and the activity started to die down. I did manage to get the binoculars on this object at one point and it was perfectly round, quite large and white. It gave me the distinct impression that this large, white object was in 'charge or senior' in some way and that the other objects (that were mostly to it's left) were in some way 'junior' to it and that were almost 'playing or frolicking' with their speed and manoeuvres, and 'possibly' playing at blipping in and out of dimensions? Maybe this object was watching over them? As the 'display' appeared to be over, we got into the van as we were worried we'd be locked into the car park for the night. Ironically, we were locked in and spent 30 mins trying to get someone to let us out. I do wish we had stayed to see if they came back, but alas we didn't and we will never know now if they did come back....
We did try to take photo's and video with our phone cameras, but they would not work and just had black screens. They wouldn't even pick up the white van we were stood right beside!? They are both Huawei P20 Pro's and have the ability to take incredible photographs with their Leica cameras in nearly all conditions. We have used them at night on holiday at night and, indeed, earlier that evening in the other location. The lights were in no way flares, as I have lived beside the sea all my life and my father was in the Navy and the RNLI, hence I know what they look like. They were 100% not chinese lanterns or helium balloons as the manoeuvers they were making were impossible for either of those. We have watched the skies enough times to know what a plane, helicopter or satelite looks like and it in no way could have been either and there was absolutely no sound!
I cannot shake the feeling that they appeared for me.... I am totally aware that that sounds completely 'bonkers' and that I have (and never will have) any proof whatsoever, but the timing of their appearance was creepily surreal! The odds of that happening must be trillions to one. Maybe they were/are there all the time, but found the embarassing scenario we were in amusing and decided to oblige to my request? I audio recorded what Jay and I saw on the drive home, whilst everything was fresh in our minds! When we got home we were both so excited it took us until nearly 3am to manage to get any sleep. The whole experience has left us dumbfounded and is something we will never forget! I will carry on researching, but Jay has now got the desire to understand and find out more now also!
