{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-17 23:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485769","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73955","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3790,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/769/mufon-5485769.json","updb_database_id":5485769}
{rjl} String of Aligned Lights Over Eugene, Oregon That Landed

At 11:20 pm on 01-17-2015 I was on my deck and saw a strange string of lights that looked like radiating stars in perfect alignment and spaced equally like on a kite string. I took pictures for 20 minutes then my phone died. I was shocked to see this and got my sister to look at them as I had never seen anything like this. At first we thought they were airplanes arriving at the airport, but they never moved and then they glided down in synch following the arc pattern in the sky. They were white with various levels of brightness. One in the middle seemed to be further away and then moved into alignment and was the same brightness. The lowest one had a blue tinge in the center and shaped like an orb. The top one was the same size and density as the bottom one.  They were stationary and in perfect alignment staying in place for 45 - 60 minutes then suddenly they moved down to the horizon in synch. That was about 12:20. I am not sure how far away they were but think they landed. They got brighter as they traveled down and then disappeared at approximately 3-5 degrees from the horizon. It could have been behind the hills to the east. They moved straight down in alignment like someone was pulling a kite string. One after the other. The top light did not move until all others went down and then it glided down separately in the same alignment. My sister witnessed the entire event with me. I took the attached pictures from my deck but did not have my phone when they started moving. There were 8-10 of the lights. I walked to the back of my lot to get better pictures but they were not visible at that angle. After they came down I could then see at least two lights moving like airplanes. When they were visible I looked for airplane lights in the sky. At first I thought they were satellites, then drones, then I concluded neither. The point at which I concluded I was seeing something unidentifiable was when I realized after they disappeared so quickly I saw airplane lights and they were headed towards that area. My pictures aren't very good, but if you enlarge them you can see the lights. Mystifying for sure.
