{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-03 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484769","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75034","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7332,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/769/mufon-5484769.json","updb_database_id":5484769}
{nd} While Fishing overnight with a friend on Lake Austin Texas, we had strange light anomalies occur for roughly 5 hours

Myself and a friend had a night fishing session on Lake Austin last week (March 3) and we had the strangest experience of our lives from about 2am to 6.30am. The evening began at about 11.30pm (Tues evening) with a beautiful clear sky, we were star spotting, naming constellations etc and generally enjoying a beautiful quiet night. Then at around 1am (Wed) we noticed that the sky had completely clouded over and there was no stars visible in the sky and we were surprised by the difference in such a short time. Then around 2am the action began, I first noticed a stationary single bright light in the sky (it was extremely bright, which is why I noticed it) to the north west of us, which for about 2-3 seconds I was trying to establish what it was, when I then pointed it out to my friend, who saw it straight away and we initially thought it was a star. Almost immediately after my friend saw the light, it began moving in a north east direction across the sky relatively slowly. We then started rationalizing that the light was a plane, it appeared to disappear which we assumed was it going behind the clouds. It then reappeared a second or so later still moving in a north east direction, we were just in the process of discussing that it has to be a plane, when the light abruptly made a 90 degree directional change to the north east in the sky. Then 2 -3 seconds later the light disappeared again. When the light appeared again, it had moved slightly in the sky, more west than when it originally disappeared. Then for the next 4 1 5 hours we witnessed this light pulsating from bright to dim, always appearing in different spots in the sky and it was always in a general north direction in the sky, with it finally being right above us before it completely disappeared. During this time we witnessed the light split into two, move east and west and then come back together. We also saw the light move quickly in a southerly direction in the sky and then abruptly change again to a northerly direction, like a fishing hook shape. During the night we also witnessed 2 additional lights that appeared to have the same strange characteristics one to the west of us and one to the south. We were able to determine that the light in the south was constantly appearing in a slightly different location as we were witnessing it through the tops of trees. The crazy thing to us was when we were witnessing the original light pulsating in and out , I 'out-loud' asked if it could get brighter, at which point it got the brightest we had so far witnessed. It was almost so bright that it was blinding to the naked eye. I proceeded to ask the same question over the next hour and when I did, it appeared to respond and get brighter. While I was doing this I remembered that I had my digital camera with me (for fish pictures) and I proceeded to try to get a photo of it. I zoomed in to maximum and was trying to get a picture which was difficult due to the light constantly pulsating in and out and reappearing in a slightly different location. At 3.05am I took 2 photos, the first one was blank and then the second one showed two dim orbs and one very bright light (triangular in shape) which was strange I we could only see one light in the sky with the naked eye when I took the picture. You do have to zoom into the picture to see properly. Then at 3.08am I took a series of 5 pictures, the first four show the light at different stages of pulsating with the final picture completely blank. The first photo at 3.08am is the clearest picture of all, if you zoom in, the anomaly looks to me like Darth Vader's TIE fighter with a couple of swirls of light coming off the wings and also appears to have blue/green color aspect near the wings (only appears when zoomed in).  I think I took all these pictures within about 20 to 30 seconds, but it was absolutely within a minute as recorded by the camera. Please remember when viewing the pictures there was thick cloud cover and this was the only light in the sky at the time. 

Just as dawn was breaking my friend spotted a clear metallic cylinder/cigar shaped object with a light running along its center to our south. When it appeared he tried to point it out to me and when I looked up, I couldn't see it as it was moving, he then again tried to point it out and by the time I tried to look, it had disappeared or gone behind clouds. Even though I didn't witness this object, I did witness my friend's reaction to it and I know it was genuine. He exclaimed that he thought it was a plane, but it had no wings. Also during our light anomaly experience we did feel that it was possible that we lost some time, maybe 30 1 60 minutes, but we certainly don't know for sure, as it was only our perception. 

By early morning, when we saw and heard two planes in the sky we realized, that these were the first planes we had seen or heard all night since 6.30pm Tuesday evening (we had a red biplane fly over us). We thought this was strange, because when I have fished at the same spot in the evening, there are normally numerous planes that can be seen and heard. It may have been the thick cloud cover, as I said it just seemed strange. 

My friend and I feel we are very open minded, straight down the line kind of guys. We tried to attempt to come up with a logical explanation, such as a plane, star, atmospheric/weather phenomena etc, which to us, nothing would fit. The experience left us completely blown away! We especially felt mentally drained from viewing this phenomenon, we did fish all night and left the Lake at 11am the next morning. I could not then sleep till about 2pm that day and then slept for 24 hours, which I have never done before.
