{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-10 02:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503769","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55150","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2454,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/769/mufon-5503769.json","updb_database_id":5503769}
they came from E & W came together went side by made a triangle shape then came together and shot into space.

I had only been in my new apartment not quite a month, and was trying to abide by the rules of not smoking in my apartment so I was sitting on my balcony, watching the sky garbage fall and the satellites. I wanted to see if I was going to see the space station being as how I had heard that it suppost to be visible from where I lived. As I was sitting there I noticed what appeared to be a jet stream trail, in my head I said never one with out two so I looked in the opposite direction. So now I was looking both east and west and the two objects appeared to be on a collision course so I really started to pay attention. I was also trying to figure who, as in which military base would be flying at that time of night. You see here on Vancouver Island we have 2 Canadian bases and 1 American. The town I live in is kind of centred between them. Nothing made any sense so I just kept on watching them. They continued until they came together and seemed to stop for only moments, then each made a sharp turn and ran a straight line side by side and then seemed to stop again and then turned back towards their start point except at an angle that made like a triangle, when they reached nearly to the line they had left when starting they again turned towards each other at a very sharp turn yet again. When they were close to their up line they again made a sharp turn only this time straight up. Their stream stayed with them for only a mere second or so and then they were gone. I searched the sky for quite awhile and could find no place within my vision to see if they had come down or crashed. they were simply gone. I went out every night for several nights from about 12 till 1 to see if they would show up again, and well they never did.
