{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-07-01 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527769","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27847","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6088,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/769/mufon-5527769.json","updb_database_id":5527769}
Pulsating ball of light

This account is still so vivid in my mind. An original accoount was made and a MUFON investigator came to my house at the time and took a deailed description of the event. The only detail I cannot fully recall is the exact time of summer during which this occurred. I never heard back from MUFON as to what might have been done in terms of an investigation, nor any findings that may have been uncovered.

As I sit here nearly twenty years after the fact, this event took place on a cool summer night, about 1:30 in the morning, returning from a visit with a cousin and her family's home. I had taken no alcohol, drugs, prescribed, illegal, or over-the-counter.

I was nearly home, out in the countryside amongst the dairy farms and a small cluster of homes, on the approach to the road on which my house lay. The road was a mildly steep, longish right-hand curving road, leveling out at the bottom. I was traveling in a southerly direction on SR 54/Horner Church Rd. At the bottom of the hill, on the right was the turn-off to my road, McVicker Rd. The intersection of the two roads lay at the bottom of this long arcing road, with an old county home standing back about 150 feet from the SR 54, with a long row of older pines fronting the property. Where the trees stopped, the long, steep, unpaved road(McVicker) began on the right. On the opposite side of the country home was another smaller home fronted by a few trees and tallish brush, about 75-85 ft from the road side. 

On the left, just past McVicker stood a working milking parlor. Directly opposite it, on the far side of McVicker, about one hundred feet up that road, stood another home. As the entrance to McVicker came upon one with little visibility, it was necessary to decelerate to a near stop in order to make a safe turn onto the deeply rutted road was McVicker. It was at the point of deceleration when I first became aware of this light. It did not belong there and seemed to be hovering directly over the last-mentioned home. At its dimmest, it was bright, white, and pulsed, or throbbed to a much brighter intensity. As it pulsed, its size appeared to grow. I stopped my car, looking from house to house to try and notice any activity from any of the other homes. Not seeing anyone, I rolled down the window completely, trying to hear any prop or engine noise. Failing that, I put the car in park, timidly exiting the vehicle, still looking around for others who might be witnessing the same activity. I still heard no noise; mechanical, engine, animal or insect. At this point the light began to slowly move in straight line paths,stop and hover briefly, never ceasing to pulsate. Its general direction was toward the barn, then beyond it, up and over the hillside and treeline at the top. Yet it did not move in a seemingly natural manner. Instead of moving in a direct pathway, it would slowly move in straight line paths, come to a complete stop, hover a bit,abruptly alter its direction, but continue roughly toward the east, southeast; never ceasing the pulsating light. I stood, transfixed during the entire duration of maybe twenty minutes until it was out of view.

Quite suddenly it dawned on me that I was standing there, alone and unprotected. So, I dashed the yards back to my vehicle, rolled up the windows, locked the doors, and made the right up McVicker, traveling at a much too quick pace for the rutted road condition. My house was at the first flat of he hill, on the right, with the only neighbors over three hundred feet away, not visible through the trees separating us. I quickly made the right into my drive, up the hundred or more feet, and opened my door to get out. As I had to retrieve a bag of groceries from the back seat, I needed to turn around. In so doing, there was the light(or a different light but looking and acting the same) directly across the road, hovering in the clearing that was at one time an old saw mill.

At this point I became absolutely terrified, and quickly extracted my groceries, made certain my dog and cat came indoors and abruptly ran around the house closing doors and windows, pulling down blinds, tacking up sheets-doing whatever I could to make it as closed to visibility from the outside as I was able. I turned out all lights and went upstairs, gathering my animals with me, heading for the windowless walk-in closet upstairs. There were several windows placed where I could do nothing to cover them. I had a distinct impression that I, once the observer, was now the observed,and that unsettled me to the point of writing a leer about what had happened and placing it somewhere safe, yet out of view. 

After what seemed hours(yet was less than thirty minutes), I went out to the bed to grab a pillow and blanket, and saw the light traveling in the same manner, up beyond the next tree line, near the top of the hill bordering the Mennonite farmhouse beyond. The light was now moving toward the east, and it was far enough away that I felt safe enough to watch as it moved over the hillside, out of view. I did, however spend the rest of the night in the closet, doing my best to sleep.

Several days later, I contacted a cousin of mine in the eastern part of the state who put me in touch with MUFON. I don't recall the name of the gentleman who came to take the report, but do recall he was new and I believe was making his very first field report. I never heard back from them, yet it has since been on my mind
