{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-12 23:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501769","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57269","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3542,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/769/mufon-5501769.json","updb_database_id":5501769}
Diamond or Cone Shaped Object Motionless Night Sky Lit only by Full Moon

The night the picture was taken was absolutely clear and we were 1 night away from a complete Full Moon. The Moon itself would be at the 1 oclock position to the direction the picture was taken. (Almost straight above but to the right)
I planned on a shot of the courtyard and night sky at "Home Sweet Home Resort" in Negril from my balcony. Camera was motionless resting on a balcony railing pointing south (inland). Panasonic "Lumix" (I believe)Digital Camera set on "Stars" setting, 30 sec exposure. 

The "object" appears high above the horizon to the right of the resorts' wifi attenna (red light). I did not see the object with the naked eye. I was witness to the stars that were captured and everything else in the shot. Only afterwards , maybe 40 mins after i took the pic, when scanning it to see how clear the stars came out... I was suddenly looking at an object that while not bright enough to be seen by my eyes, was captured by a long exposure, appearing to be lit only by the moon and the reflection off the "object". I looked back out into the sky and could see nothing. I set the camera back up duplicating the shot and nothing appeared that was out of the ordinary. I tried duplicating over the next 2 nights with same almost full moon, same time, same direction, same settings. The object or annomoly was in no other pics. The stars appear as small vertical streaks. The object does not appear to moving with earths rotation. It seems motionless and would have to be to be captured strictly by whatever faint reflection is was giving off. 
I took over 300 pictures during the vacation. No other "annomoly" showed up in any shot. Digital or otherwise. Daytime or nighttime. I am a regular visitor for over 25 years and this is the first time I have ever captured anything unexplained.

I along with many friends have spent hours looking at the picture. My friend with Canadian National Defense ran the shot thru various filters. Each time the "object" appears to be something solid, motionless. An embossing setting clearly shows it as a 3 dimensional object. He convinced me it was worth forwarding for further study.

I'm sending the original and the various filtered images with the hope it can be explained... or at least added to the ever growing proof that something or "some things" are in fact up there.

Sincerely, and happy to answer questions about it.
DK
