{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-11-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548769","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"8314","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3442,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/769/mufon-5548769.json","updb_database_id":5548769}
8 colored flashing lights 4+4 like what you would see in a disco, red green blue yellow,yellow blue green red Balls of light

It came from the west, sailed out to the east, rose a little higher, turned dipped down to about 50 meters above the ground and sailed towards my window about 100 yards away, stood there for about 2 1/2 minutes. No sound, it just hovered there righ in front of my eyes.
I had been praying for about 10 months solid, I would say more like in trance. I had no vision to the west as west is behind the house, i was looking to the south over the Mathias church when I first observed this object at about 80 to 90 meters high, it sailed by south of the church and at about directly over the ice skating ring it turned slowly and aproached. At first I thought it was a plane but as it turned I then thought it was a hellycopter but as it drew closer I knew it was neither, because there was no sound, I called my girlfriends name, glanced briefly to her, she was sitting on the bed occupied with somthing, and noteced she didn't hear me, I imiediatly thought better so, as I feared she might drop dead if she seen this. I myself shook like a leaf realizing that I had brought this here with all my crying. As it stood there right in front of me I could strongly feel as though it was listning to my thoughts and I also had the impression that it was becconing me to come with it, "like jump out the window, die and be taken away with what ever it was, my thoughts were "no I can't leave my children, otherwise had I had no children I may have had jumped. Then I had the feeling as though I was been asked what and why I had been crying for, fairly sure now I knew this was from heaven, so I asked "withouth speaking" (1) that the vow that I made to myself to help an old lady through her last years but now longer could because I was handcuffed under evil circumstances, that God may relieve me of this vow, (2) that my late grandmother be comforted,(3) a little black hungry child that I was visualizing in my mind priar to this sighting recieve help. I gave thanks, wept a little, blew a kiss and waved goodby. Imediatly after, it slowly turned and headed north as slowly as it had come.

Something else that happened a while after asured me that this was realy was heaven sent was,: priviously I had been looking at the situation of the people in Cuba and was convinced that the Sanctions imposed on the poor of Cuba were moraly cruel.. Then out of the blue what happens " pope John Paul II mekes a visit to Cuba. Congress takes heed.. Prayers answered.. I rest my case..

To my person:
Question (1): Was I on drugs at the time: (Yes)crack cocane
Question (2) Am I religious: (No)
Question (3) Why do I realy think I was visited: Because I take the prayer "Our Father" seriously, especialy the part ( forgive us as we forgive others).
