{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-15 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482769","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77184","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3108,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/769/mufon-5482769.json","updb_database_id":5482769}
{rjl} Firey/glowing yellow orange object slowly traveling right to left down behind mountian

At approximately 9:30 p.m. on Tuesday June 15, 2016 I was driving along a 1field road1 on a farm between the villages of Hebe and Klingerstown in Northumberland County, PA. I was with a friend and two of our children, looking for deer. As I came up the farm lane, directly ahead of me I saw a glowing/fiery circular object which appeared to be enveloped in a something of a haze lowdown in the sky just over a small mountain about a mile or two from my location. From my truck the object appeared to be the size of a tennis ball, but it was obviously much larger as at least a mile or so away. The object appeared out of nowhere a little above the mountain and at a rate which seemed slow to me traveled on a downward angle from right to left and disappeared behind the mountain. I slammed on the brakes and exclaimed something like 1what the xxxx was that1. 
My friend had been looking for something on the floor, and the two boys were playing a videogame in back, so none of them saw anything. I expected a huge explosion from the other side of the mountain, as at first I thought it was a plane or helicopter which was on fire and coming to the ground. However, when no explosion occurred, I had no idea what I just saw. 
Due to my thoughts that it could have been a plane or something like it we quickly drove to the other side of the mountain and drove up and down the road looking for whatever had come down. We found nothing.
Looking back, one thing that seems strange is that this object had no 1tail1 such as you might see from a plane or shooting star streaking across the sky. Further, I have seen shooting stars and this was nothing like that. It couldn1t have been a plane or helicopter crashing as we would have seen the aftermath for absolute certainty. As it bothered me for days I looked around Google and found a picture which looked very much like what I saw, which picture was labeled an 1Orb1 in a setting of UFO1s. 
For what it is worth, I was not under the influence of any substance. I have never really believed in UFO1s despite once before having before seen several green 1dots1 chasing each other around the sky when again out in the countryside of Northumberland County many years before. At this point, I honestly don1t know what I saw, but I am very interested in learning more, and discussing this matter with someone more knowledgeable than myself. Thank you for your consideration.
