Case No. 1154 14072020

Date: Undetermined date in 1968.

Approximate Time: 23:30 local time.

Weather: N/A

Season: N/A.

Witnesses: J. D.

Description: The witness reported to the CEFAA platform an experience he/she lived with his/her three siblings in 1968 (does not remember the exact date) at approximately 23:30 PM, for 3 minutes, on Luis Zegers Street, Las Condes commune, in Santiago, Metropolitan Region.

He/she stated that a few seconds after leaving a house, an object with lights approached them from the sky, remaining stationary for a while before disappearing at a high speed.
The grandmother, a neighbor of her residence, after watching television, observed "a conical bulk in the shape of a cone, white in color, suspended in the air" in their front yard on the indicated street. She stated that at first, they thought it was a prank by their nanny who had disguised herself, and they shouted, hid, and started throwing small stones.

She claimed that with the first stones, the conical object began to move towards the north, levitating approximately one meter high.
Over the garden, without making any noise and moving slowly towards one of the ends of the house's frontis and then directed itself on one side towards the interior of the rear patio of the residence.

The sighting location was georeferenced, determining its latitude as 33°41' South and longitude as 70° 57' West, in the commune of Las Condes.

There, in the block with the reported numbering, the houses preserve their almost original architecture with a garden and a concrete wall approximately 80 centimeters high and then a
metal grid. In 1968, the grids, on those walls, were made of
wood.

The witness was interviewed, who described what he saw as a cone
terminated at its highest point in a rounded shape that was floating,
making no noise, moving in the direction and sense of Calle Luis
Zegers. He was asked to draw a picture, which he sent to CEFAA, and
in which the approximate shape he observed is visible.

Also, to corroborate the informant's version, a second witness, J. D.,
one of his brothers, was interviewed.
He agreed that they had seen something very strange and that it seemed to him more like "a ghost with a conical but rounded shape at the top."

For an investigation of this case, only the descriptions made by two of the brothers and a drawing of what was observed, made by the first brother, were available.

                     Drawing of what was observed.

Without any other type of testimony, photographs, or videos, for the CEFAA it is impossible to perform a more rigorous analysis of what was observed. To this
It is added that the event occurred in the year 1968. 52 years ago.

Images: No photographs or videos were provided.

Conclusion: Only the accounts of two out of the three witnesses are available. There are no photographs or videos to analyze.

In addition to the above, the observation of these people dates back to the year 1968, 52 years ago, without being able to establish the month or the day of the occurrence.

The case was closed according to Chapter 2, items 2d and 2e, as the report does not include images and the time period.
Upon the occurrence of the event, which is greater than one year stipulated in the Technical Instruction Procedure, Investigation Times, Background Reception, Executive Report Preparation and CEFAA Report Archive.

Case classified as “Report”.
