{"created_utc": "2026-08-15T21:01:33Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 7606798, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/300885582/7431993-20060483F-001-004-2023.pdf", "source_sha256": "c6ebdddd5da8087efbc2f63c476f3ac698ba716d828fa45ca21dfd7c225afb8c"}

FOIA Number: 2006-0483-F


                   FOIA
                  MAR
              This is not a textual record. This is used as an
             administrative marker by the William J. Clinton
                         Presidential Library Staff.


Collection/Record Group:        Clinton Presidential Records

Subgroup/Office of Origin:      Scheduling Office

Series/Staff Member:
Subseries:


OA/1D Number:                   7657
FolderID:


Folder Title:
[Stephen Greer]


    Stack:              Row:                    Section:       Shelf:           Position:
       s                   39                       4            6                 3
                                        Withdrawal/Redaction Sheet
                                                               Clinton Library
DOCUMENT NO.             SUBJECT/TITLE                                                                DATE                 RESTRICTION
AND TYPE


001. letter              Steven Greer to President Clinton (partial) (2 pages)                          11/15/1996         P6/b(6)


COLLECTION:
  Clinton Presidential Records
  Scheduling Office

   OA/Box Number: 7657
FOLDER TITLE:
  197878 [Stephen Greer]

                                                                                                                                           2006-0483-F
                                                                                                                                                 ds263
                                                                 RESTRICTION CODES
Presidential Records Act - 144 U.S.C. 2204(a))                            Freedom of Information Act - IS U.S.C. SS2(b)]

Pl National Security Classified Information l(a)(l) of the PRA]           b(l) National security classified information [(b)(l) of the FOIA)
P'Z Relating to the appointment to Federal office l(a)(2) of the PRA]     b(2) Release would disclose Internal personnel rules and practices of
P3 Release would violate a Federal statute [(a)(3) of the PRA]                 an agency l(b)(2) of the FOIA]
P4 Release would disclose trade secrets or confidential commercial or     b(3) Release would violate a Federal statute [(b)(3) of the FOIA]
    financial information l(a)(4) of the PRA]                             b(4) Release would disclose trade secrets or confidential or financial
PS Release would disclose confidential advice between the President            information [(b)(4) of the FOIA]
    and his advisors, or between such advisors [a)(S) of the PRA]         b(6) Release would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of
P6 Release would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of                  personal privacy [(b)(6) of the FOIA]
    personal privacy [(a)(6) of the PRA]                                  b(7) Release would disclose information compiled for law enforcement
                                                                               purposes [(b)(7) of the FOIA)
  C. Closed in accordance with restrictions contained in donor's deed     b(S) Release would disclose information concerning the regulation of
     of gift.                                                                  financial institutions [(b)(S) of the FOIA]
PRM. Personal record misfile defined in accordance with 44 U.S.C.         b(9) Release would disclose geological or geophysical information
     2201(3).                                                                  concerning wells [(b)(9) of the FOIA]
 RR. Document will be reviewed upon request.
                        THE WHITE HOUSE
                           WASHINGTON


                               December 6, 1996


Steven M. Greer, M.D.
Director
Center For the Study of Extreterrestrial
  Intelligence
Post Office Box 15401
Asheville, North Carolina 28813

Dear Dr. Greer:

     Thank you for inviting President Clinton to meet with you.
The President has asked us to convey his appreciation for your
kind offer.

     Unfortunately, the President's schedule will not permit him
to accept your invitation. He regrets that he will be unable to
honor your request.  However, please know that the President
sincerely appreciates your thoughtful offer.

     On behalf of the President, thank you again for writing.
Please do not hesitate to contact our office if we can provide
you with any further assistance.


                               Sincerely,


                                            S. Streett
                                           of Scheduling


                              ~~
                               Anne Hawley
                               Director of Scheduling


SSS/AH/hxs
                                         CSETI
                      Steven M. Greer M.D. - International Director


                                      · 15 November 1996


To: President William Jefferson Clinton
     Vice President Al Gore
      National Security Advisor Tony Lake
      Secretary of Defense William Perry
      Secretary of State Warren Christopher
      DCI John Deutch
      General Shalikashvili, Chairman, Joint Chiefs of Staff
      Mr. Arlen Specter, Chairman, Senate Intelligence Committee
      Mr. Larry Combast, Chairman, House Intelligence Committee
      Mr. Strom Thurmond, Chairman, Senate Armed Services Committee
      Mr. Floyd Spence, Chairman, House National Security Committee
      Dr. Daniel Golden, Director of NASA
      FBI Director Louis Freeh
      Attorney General Janet Reno

From: Steven M. Greer M.D., Director of CSETI

RE: Planned Disclosure on the UFO/Extraterrestrial Subject and National Security Oaths


The CSETI (Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence) Project Starlight initiative has
now identified several dozen former and current military, intelligence and defense contractor
related witnesses to UFO/ETI events and projects. As set out in a number of documents and
briefings (see enclosures) it is our intention to have these important witnesses provide open,
public testimony on this matter in the very near future.

In the summer of 1995, we requested that the President take appropriate steps to allow these
witnesses to speak openly, without civil, military or other penalties. Since then, there has been
an exponential growth in the number of such witnesses who wish to come forward. Some of
them are elderly, and suffering from serious medical conditions. We feel that these patriotic and
courageous heros of our country - who very much wish to tell their fellow citizens the truth on
this matter- must not take this information to their graves. Therefore, we are asking from you a
clear determination regarding their freedom to speak openly on this subject.

Over the past three years, we have found that members of Congress, the Executive Branch,
military and intelligence leaders have not been briefed on this important matter, and that
operations related to the subject exist as 'unacknowledged' special access projects. Most

        P.O. Box 15401, Asheville, NC 28813 * 704-274-5671 / fax: 704-274-6766
operations exist in the private aspects of the military industrial sector, with apparently extra-
constitutional funding and oversight.

As such, and until established otherwise to our satisfaction, we regard these operations, and all
so-called 'security oaths' derived from them, as illegal, and therefore non-binding for these
witnesses mentioned above.

Therefore, UNLESS OTHERWISE DIRECTED BY 1 JANUARY 1997, we will move forward
with a series of events whereby these witnesses may provide open, public testimony. If we do
not hear from you, or if we hear that you concur, we will proceed with a public disclosure after
that date. Only if you notify us specifically that such witnesses to UFO/ETI related matters are
still bound to silence will our plans for a disclosure by them be altered. As mentioned in previous
briefings and documents to members of the Administration, the military, the Congress and others,
it is our intent to effect this disclosure in a way which is scientific, forward looking and hopeful.
It is not our intent to cause instability for our nation or the world, but , rather , to mitigate the
clear dangers which current covert management of this issue presents. We invite your advice,
assistance and support in this process of disclosure on a matter which is arguably the most
important !)f the twentieth and early twenty first centuries.

Testimony from these witnesses will include but not be limited to:

       >Retrieval of disabled extraterrestrial devices and extraterrestrial life forms

       >Reverse-engineering projects related to extraterrestrial technology

       >Reconnaissance and tracking of UFO/Extraterrestrial vehicles

       >Covert projects related to the subject

       >Confirmation of military/UFO encounter cases

        >The nature and scope of disinformation programs related to the subject

We hope to hear from you regarding this matter as soon as possible.

Thank you for your attention to this request for a determination on the status of these witnesses
as it relates to providing public testimony during 1997.

Respectfully,

   ~                      -l-1'.t>/,cJ

Steven M. Greer M.D.
Director of CSETI
Email: l03275 .l472@compuserve.com

enclosures
                                      List of Enclosures


1. Evaluating the Validity of National Security Oaths related to the UFO/Extraterrestrial Subject
    Steven M. Greer, MD, 1996

2. National Security Implications of the UFO/ETI Subject: a Brief Summary
   Steven M. Greer, MD, 1995

3. CSETI - Project Starlight

4. Projects and Facilities related to the UFO/Extraterrestrial Matter
    Steven M. Greer, MD, 1996

5. Implications of an Extraterrestrial Disclosure
    Steven M. Greer, MD, 1996

6. Summary of Points regarding Project Starlight for the Clinton Administration
   Steven M. Greer, MD, 1993 (Hand delivered by Dr. Greer to DCI Woolsey with other
    documents.)

7. Strategies and Rationale for Changing Government Policy
    Steven M. Greer, MD, 1993

8. The CSETI Comprehensive Assessment of the UFO/ETI Phenomenon
    Steven M. Greer, MD, 1992

9. UFO/ETI Disinformation: Implications for National Security and International Security
    Policy Makers
    Steven M. Greer, MD, 1994
           EVALUATING THE VALIDITY OF NATIONAL SECURITY OATHS
              RELATED TO THE UFO/EXTRATERRESTRIAL SUBJECT

                              copyright 1996 Steven M. Greer M.D.


 A number of first hand military, intelligence and government-associated witnesses to covert
projects dealing with UFOs and Extraterrestrial Intelligence (ETI) have been identified by
CSETI's Project Starlight effort. Over the past three years, we have located several dozen such
potential witnesses as part of a comprehensive strategy to collect adequate evidence for a global,
definitive disclosure on this subject. The story which these important government witnesses can
tell will make a credible, undeniable case for the reality of UFOs and the existence of
extraterrestrial life forms in proximity to the earth.

One of the persistent obstacles to this testimony coming out into the public arena has been the
issue of so-called national security oaths and restrictions placed on these witnesses. Some feei
that they are not free to speak unless 'released' from these national security oaths and restrictions,
and so we have been working to encourage Congress and the White House to take actions which
would remove these restrictions.

In the summer of 1995, a number of these witnesses gathered at a witnesses summit, and we aH
signed a letter to President Clinton asking him to take actions leading to the release of these
restrictions. While receipt of this letter was acknowledged by a special assistant to the President,
we still await specific action from the executive branch of the US government.

With, -this said, it is important to visit the question of whether or not such national security oaths
and restrictions are themselves legally valid.

We have compelling witness testimony that the operations dealing with this subject currently
exist, and have existed for several decades, outside of normal governmental projects. Members
of the Project Starlight Team have met with very senior members of the Administration,
Congress, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the CIA and other relevant government agency operatives.
The picture which emerges from these discussions is that of an operation dealing with UFOs
which is functioning outside of the normal channels of government, as it is usually considered.
Indeed, we have found that the most senior levels of the executive branch, Congress, the military
etc. are totally out of the loop on this extraordinary matter.

This then brings up the sobering question of who is in the loop, and under what authorization are
such projects operating? It is our assessment that for the large part, these operations do not fall
under any constitutionally sanctioned avenues of authorization, and as such are, perforce, illegal.

Aside from the lack of oversight and authorization from the executive branch and Congress, these
operations have, from time to time, engaged in deceptive practices. which have frustrated the
organs of constitutionally legal inquiries and democratic processes. Any such operation which
behaves in this fashion unilaterally removes itself from the inherent legality and protection which ·
exists for projects which are consonant with constitutional law.               ·
This being the case (we are eager - nay, desperate- for someone to prove otherwise...) all of the
so-called 'national security oaths' and other 'restrictions' placed on military, intelligence and
government contract workers are null and void. That is, they appear to have no legal validity
since the operations for which they were obtained are themselves illegal. In a constitutional
democracy, it is a basic requirement of law that such operations be constitutionally legal, and if
they are not, then all that flows from them - including such 'oaths'- are illegal and therefore non-
binding. IF these operations are legal, nobody in the Congress, executive branch or senior military
with whom we have spoken knows of it. The production of a single current executive order or
congressional directive authorizing these projects, which can be independently verified, would
convice us otherwise.

More than one covert contact has told us that, indeed, any such witnesses can and should speak
out at the right time and place since no legal entity would - or legally could - do anything about
it. We agree.

Beyond this, it is the legal, moral and patriotic duty of such witnesses to come together, and at
the highest, best and most credible venue possible, speak out in unison regarding the truth on this
matter. Granted, if only one or two such persons come forward, the case will be weak, and the
risk will be unacceptable. But if ten, twenty or more such witnesses come together, and united,
resolve to share their information and experiences on this subject, then a definitive case will be
made , and a great service to the world and their country will be fulfilled.

The return of this matter to the legal channels of government and the deliberation of the people
is one of the great unfulfilled tasks of the post cold war era Over half a decade has elapsed since
the end of the ce,ld war, and there can no longer be a justification (if there ever was) for this type
of extr~rdinary secrecy and covert agenda Both national and world security requires that this
matter be return~d to the world community as soon as possible.

We recommend t.'lat men and women of vision, courage and dedication join with us in fulfilling
this task. Far from being a legal violation of 'security oaths', the public testimony by such
witnesses is a highly moral and legal act. Further, is it not true that the continuation of this
secrecy itself is illegal and immoral, given the inherent unconstitutionality of such programs?
Credible witnesses, joining together and providing their testimony in a united strategy can return
this subject to legal oversight and control, and thereby enable the people of our country and of
the world to begin the public deliberations which should have occurred 50 years ago.

21 October 1996
Steven M. Greer M.D.
Director of CSETI
PO Box 15401 Asheville NC 28813
704-274-5671; fax: 704-274-6766; email:103275.1472@compuserve.com
'       National Security Implications of the UFO/ETI Subject:
                           A Brief Summary

    National Security Implications of the UFO/ETI subject are profound and far-reaching, albeit
    currently largely unrecognized.

    These implications may be considered in separate but related aspects: those intrinsic to ET
    activity and those arising from current covert management of the issue.

    Historical Background:
    Early National Security considerations dealt with concern over public panic arising from the
    detection of near earth and earth-landed extraterrestrial spacecraft (ETS)and from the
    technological implications of advanced Extraterrestrial material as it may impact the arms race
    and cold war. Additional concerns were related to the impact on religious belief systems, the
    political order and economic systems.

    Importantly, once actual ETS were retrieved in 1947, thereby allowing Extraterrestrial hardware
    to be studied and back- engineered for possible human military applications, the need for
    complete secrecy regarding the matter was deemed paramount by authorities at that time. Given
    the tensions of the early atomic era and the mounting 'cold war' with the USSR. it is
    understandable that the introduction of Extraterrestrial technology was thought to be destabilizing
    to an already dangerous situation. Moreover, given the history of technological secrets related
    to atomic and hydrogen weapons being stolen by agents of the USSR. there was understandable
    concern that any technological breakthrough related to Extraterrestrial technology might find its
    way into Soviet hands. If such an event enabled the USSR to produce actual military
    applications before the US, obviously this would have placed the US military capability in a
    potentially catastrophic disadvantage.

    Since the l 970's, we have reason to believe that a degree of cooperation on this matter has
    evolved with the USSR and the US and perhaps other nations. Certainly the end of the cold war
    has largely removed earlier concerns vis a vis technological breakthroughs and the fear of Soviet
    aggression.

    Moreover, the psychological reasons for secrecy related to public panic are not valid today. At
    least 57% of the population accept that UFOs are real and are of Extraterrestrial origin. And 30-
    40 years of space exploration by human society has prepared the population for the possible
    existence of other Extraterrestrial civilizations capable of space travel. In short, the previous
    concerns motivating secrecy are not relevant today.

    Intrinsically, there is no reason to believe that the Extraterrestrial presence poses a threat to the
    national or world security. If hostility and aggression were related to their purpose here, it is
    likely that events congruent with hostility would have transpired long before now. It is our
    assessment that the Extraterrestrials are not hostile, but are very concerned with human capability
    related to warfare and the militarization of space. Activity by Extraterrestrial assets related to
\
    the neutralization of ICBM facilities and to containing military oriented space exploration
    should be understood in light of their concern over a known history of human aggression which
    has been coupled with the advent of weapons of mass destruction and space exploration. Indeed,
    given the past history of human miliary assets focusing on and pursuing Extraterrestrial
    Spacecraft, we believe the Extraterrestrials have responded with remarkable restraint.

    Ironically, the threat to national security exists not with the Extraterrestrial presence, but the
    current covert management of the subject. In the absence of Extraterrestrial hostility over 50
    years, current secrecy cannot be justified on the basis of fear of Extraterrestrial aggression. A
    disclosure related to the Extraterrestrial presence, if calmly and rationally presented, will not
    cause public panic in the US or elsewhere. 1995 is not 1945, and world society has evolved to
    the point where this information can be assimilated in a positive fashion.


    In contrast, the covert and apparently extra-constitutional management of this matter is a real
    threat to national and world security, and undermines constitutional freedom and democracy.
    Unless it is terminated, this covert management will greatly harm US national security and the
    chances of a lasting world peace.

    It is our assessment that the current covert management of this issue involves the following
    elements which are a direct, immediate and ongoing threat to the national security:

    1. The continued denial of the Extraterrestrial presence creates a situation where a sudden,
    undeniable, public Extraterrestrial event could induce panic, since proactive disclosure efforts
    which could ameliorate public fears are non-existent. It is likely that such a public
    Extraterrestrial event will transpire within the next 2-10 years or sooner. Therefore secrecy and
    denial are a real threat to national and world security.

    2. The current covert management of this issue appears to be operating independently and
    outside of the constitutional chain of command. The group controlling these operations, which
    involve reconnaissance, Extraterrestrial technology back-engineering, and space - based targeting
    of ETS (among others) is non-responsive to congressional or Executive branch oversight and
    control. This constitutes a real and grave threat to the national security and to constitutional
    democracy and freedom.

    3. We have credible, first hand sources who insist that extraterrestrial spacecraft have been
    targeted by human covert space weapons and on at least two occasions have been destroyed. If
    true, the risks to world peace and security are real and imminent, and the continuation of these
    covert activities constitute the gravest dangers to national and world security . Hostile actions
    taken by human covert assets against Extraterrestrial assets constitute a grave and immediate
    threat to the national security. A relatively small , covert entity , acting without consultation with
    the United Nations, the Congress, the President of the United States or the public is engaging
    in actions on behalf of all humans which endanger the earth and world peace. Unless controlled, .
    these actions could precipitate interplanetary conflict and a disaster for the world generally and
    the United States specifically. This covert management must be terminated and control of this
    issue returned to constitutional authority and to the public domain.
'   4. The concentration of the technological advances related to the back-engineering of
    Extraterrestrial technology into the hands of a small covert operation constitutes a grave and
    immediate threat to the national security, to world security and to the future of the earth. These
    Extraterrestrial technologies, which have been the object of covert research and development for
    over 45 years, are potentially of great benefit to humanity if used wisely for peaceful purposes,
    but are of immense danger when concentrated into a small covert operation which is unresponsive
    to the public or the legal and constitutional chain of command. The threat this poses to the US
    and world security is great, and the longer this situation continues, the greater the concentration
    of advanced technological power in the hands of a relative few. The secret control of such
    powerful technologies is inherently a threat to freedom, democracy and to our nation
    and the world. Its utilization for covert agendas outside constitutional control represents a grave
    danger to our country and must be restrained and reversed.

    5. Importantly, secrecy and covert operatives per se constitute a real threat to the national
    security, since national security in a constitutional democracy can only be legitimately related to
    freedom and democratic government. Only in very rare and well-justified circumstances can
    extreme secrecy and covert operations exist, since by nature freedom and democracy cannot co-
    exist with unrestrained secrecy and secret power. The profound implications of the detection of
    Extraterrestrial civilizations cannot be allowed to be the exclusive domain of covert operations
    which are unrelated to public discourse and consultation. To do so is to undermine the US
    Constitution, democracy and freedom, and this constitutes a real and grave threat to the national
    security.

    6. Finally, exclusive covert control of this matter has resulted and continues to result in the loss
    of opportunity for the world to come to terms with the Extraterrestrial presence in a peaceful and
    mutually beneficial fashion. This means that the people of the world, the United Nations and
    other international and national institutions are deprived of the opportunity to deal rationally with
    this issue. National and world security are therefore negatively impacted by the loss of
    opportunities in the following areas:

            > The Environment, which is seriously at risk for large scale collapse over the next I 00
    years, would be profoundly improved if extraterrestrial technologies could be peacefully
    deployed. So-called zero point or free energy systems, which are non-polluting, would permit a
    sustainable technological civilization to exist on earth and would transform the earth
    environmentally and economically. Establishing peaceful and mutually beneficial relations with
    extraterrestrial civilizations would eventually permit us to understand and apply such
    technologies.

            >World unity and peace will be enhanced by the global realization that we are not alone
    in the universe. The acknowledgement of this fact will enhance the awareness that we are really
    one people living on the shared homeland of earth, and many of the conflicts currently afflicting
    the earth will be seen in a new perspective. This can be achieved without either deifying or
    demonizing the extraterrestrial presence, but rather placing it in a fair, scientific and neutral light.
    Eventually, world peace and a significant enhancement in the current geopolitical situation may
    result from the disclosure that we are not alone. An international infrastructure, and institutions •
    capable of dealing peacefully with relations with extraterrestrial civilizations would, of necessity,
evolve, and this in turn would strengthen world unity and cooperation . .

        >World culture, ideas, science and many other diverse areas may benefit through the
development of peaceful relations with other worlds. While this process may take decades, if not
centuries, its delay only puts off the time when the people of the earth will be united not only
globally, but with other planetary civilizations as well.

In summary, it is imperative to the national security that the president and Congress undertake
measures to terminate the secret, covert management of the UFO/ETI subject. Failure to place
this matter in open, public discourse and control constitutes the gravest failure of democracy and
government in the history of the world. That we do this is the test of our faith in democracy and
our faith in the people. As the 21st century approaches, we must roll up the cancerous excesses
of secrecy which are the legacy of the cold war and unfurl a new era wherein democracy is
reaffirmed and a lasting world peace is given a chance.


Steven M. Greer, MD
International Director of CSETI
30 August 1995


                                        END BRIEFING

copyright Steven M. Greer, MD 30 August 1995
                                          CSETI
                                    PROJECT STARLIGHT


The Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence (CSETI) Project Starlight is a global
effort designed to effect a definitive disclosure on the detection of extraterrestrial intelligence
(ETI). Begun in 1993, the Project now encompasses a world-wide network of researchers,
government liaisons, military and intelligence personnel, media leaders, leaders in society
generally and important official witnesses to covert operations dealing with the UFO/ETI subject.

Substantial evidence has been collected dealing with the existence of ETI in proximity to the
earth, including video tape footage, movie footage, photographs, government documents, case
reports, pilot encounters, landing trace events and witness testimony. It is the intent of Project
Starlight to convene a disclosure event where the best of this collected evidence, data and
testimony will be presented to the world's population.

The over-arching philosophy of the Project is that the time has come for this information to be
presented in a scientific and credible manner to the public, and that this must be done in a
manner which is non-threatening, hopeful and, to the extent possible, not destabilizing to society
generally. The end of the Cold War presents a window of opportunity for this disclosure, and
the world community has reached the point generally so that such a disclosure could not only
be assimilated, but could prove beneficial in a number of areas, including:

>Geopolitics, insofar as such a disclosure would cause people and governments around the world
to realize that we are not alone and that the earth is the basic homeland of all the peoples of the
world.

>The environment, since a disclosure would set in place the eventual public application of
advanced extraterrestrial technologies ,which are non-polluting.

>Global economic development, since these advanced technologies mentioned above would
remove the world from the current relative scarcity of energy, which fundamentally drives
economic development world wide.

>Government integrity, since a disclosure would return the most important covert project of the
twentieth century to the national and international community, hence ending the destructive and
erosive effects which extreme secrecy exerts in constitutional democracies.

Key to this process is an integrated multiphasic strategy which includes evidence and witness
testimony collection, preliminary briefings to world leaders and leaders of society, a world-
encompassing disclosure event, and the management of the post-disclosure era so that maximum
benefit to humanity would occur. Ultimately, this will enable the world to develop the capacity
to enter into intentional communication with extraterrestrial civilizations and the advent of the
early stages of inter-planetary relations in the next century.

Since actual deceased ET bodies and retrieved ET spacecraft are not available to the Project
•


    Starlight briefing team, special emphasis is being placed on the identification of credible first
    hand witnesses to covert programs dealing with this subject. We have identified a significant
    number of such witnesses and are obtaining their testimony. Their testimony before Congress,
    the UN or other suitable body is currently being actively sought.

    As of June of 1996, CSETI Project Starlight has successfully completed the initial evidence an-d
    witness testimony gathering phase, and has briefed a number of world leaders, including
    important US government leaders in the Clinton Administration, members of Congress, senior
    military and CIA officials, senior UN figures, and leaders in Europe and Japan, among others.
    There is widespread agreement among these figures that the time has come for the truth to come
    out regarding the UFO/ETI subject, although none of these officials, no matter how senior, have
    had clirect involvement with the covert programs dealing with matter. This is because the
    management of this subject has been so-called 'black' in nature and operates as an
    unacknowledged special access project', the existence of which is not disclosed to any one outside
    the project, no matter how senior the person is in the chain of command.

    Assistance to CSETI Project Starlight is invited from the public in the following areas:

           >Obtaining new and important credible evidence
           >Identifying important new witnesses from the government, military, intelligence or
    corporate sector who have first hand knowledge of projects (current or past) dealing with the
    UFO/ETI subject. An effective strategy protecting such witnesses is in place.
           >Networking with various sectors of society to gain support for such a disclosure and for
    arranging preliminary briefings to various leaders.
           > Identification of funding sources, since at this point the main impediment to completing
    the project's goals is a lack of significant funding. ( CSETI is a 501-c3 nonprofit scientific and
    educational organization, and donations are tax-deductible to the extent allowed by law.)

    CSETI Project Starlight welcomes your input, involvement and assistance.              For further
    information contact:

    CSETI Project Starlight
    Steven M. Greer M.D. Director
    PO Box 15401
    Asheville NC 28813
    Tel: 704-274-5671; Fax: 704-274-6766
    EMail: Internet: 103275,1472@compuserv.com
,,,


                          PROJECTS AND FACILITIES RELATED TO THE

                                 UFO/EXTRATERRESTRIAL MATTER

      Prepared by Steven M. Greer M.D. , Director of CSETI for Congressman
                                          30 August 1996

      EDWARDS AIR FORCE BASE AND RELATED FACILITIES

      Government Facilities:
            Edwards AFB
            Haystack Butte
            China Lakes
            George AFB
            Norton AFB
            Table Top Mountain Observatory (NASA)
            Blackjack Control

      Aerospace Facilities
            Northrop "Anthill" (Tejon Ranch)
            McDonnald Douglas Llano Plant
            Lockheed-Martin Helendale Plant
            Phillips Labs (North Edwards facility)

      THE NELLIS COMPLEX

             Area 51/S4
             Pahute Mesa and Area 19
             Groom Lake

      NEW MEXICO FACILITIES

             Los Alamos National Laboratories
             Kirtland Air Force Base
                    Sandia National Laboratories (SNL), Defense Nuclear Agency
                    Phillips Labs
                    Manzano Mountain Weapons Storage Facility, and underground complex
                            Coyote Canyon Test Site (N. end of Manzano)
             White Sands Complex

      ARIZONA

             Fort Huachuca, underground storage facility, NSA and ArmyJntelligence complex
                    Near Ft. Huachuca underground storage of extraterrestrial spacecraft and previously
                    autopsied extraterrestrial life forms
                                              2

Others

         Redstone Arsenal underground complex Alabama
         Lawrence Livermore Labs
         Cheyenne Mountain Colorado Deep Space Network, dedicated console for tracking UFOs

US Government Agencies With Current or Past Involvement

(activities are compartmentalized into super-secret USAPS -Unacknowledged Special Access
Projects, which means that they are not acknowledged to anyone, even those senior in the chain
of command)

NRO (National Reconnaissance Office)
NSA (National Security Agency)
CIA
Military Intelligence divisions (Army, Air Force, Navy)
Air Force Office of Special Investigations (AFOSI)
DARPA
FBI
Space Commands
others

Private Corporate Entities Believed To Be Involved

Northrup Aerospace
Boeing Aerospace
Lockheed Martin (various facilities including Denver research center)
E Systems
EG&G
Wackenhut Corp.
Village Supercomputing, Phoenix AZ
Phillips Labs
McDonnell Douglas Corp.
TRW
Rockwell International
Booz-Allen and Hamilton, Inc.
MITRE Corp.
SAIC (Science Applications International, Inc.)
Bechtel Corp.
others
                                   RECOMMENDATIONS

We recommend that the Congressman pursue this matter as follows:

        >By making directed inquiries to contacts and chairmen of the House and Sena'fe
Intelligence Committees;

       >By inquiring directly to the various facilities, agencies and entities listed;

        >By pursuing other contacts known to the Congressman who may be able to assist 1trJ.
identifying points of control for these operations;

      >Should all such inquiries result in no definitive information on these projects, we
recommend that the Congressman pursue this matter further by convening Congressional hearinr~
whereby direct witnesses to these projects may testify. We believe more than one member of
Congress can be located to co-sponsor such an inquiry.

Thank you for your assistance in this important matter.


        Steven M. Greer M.D. Director of CSETI PO Box 15401 Asheville NC 28813
          704-274-5671; FAX 704-274-6766; email 103275.l472@compuserve.com
                            Implications of an Extraterrestrial Disclosure

                                        (0   Steven M. Greer, M.D .

In a recent conversation with a retired Air Force General, we were discussing a major disclosure on the
existence of extraterrestrial life forms. This gentleman, who had known the UFOs were real and were
extraterrestrial in origin since 1946, asked me, "But Steve, what would a disclosure mean?"

It was clear to me that he had real uncertainty regarding the implications of such a disclosure, even
though the general was wholly in favor of the truth coming out now. And it occurred to me that we very
much needed to elaborate, to the extent possible, what the implications of disclosure would be to
humanity . We needed to 'connect the dots', and draw as broad a picture as possible, no matter how
tentative it may seem. Because what may be obvious to some may be hidden to others.

For nearly three years , I have been having this discussion with national security think tanks, business
leaders, CIA officials, UN figures and various world leaders . It is time to put some of these ideas down
on paper, at least as a starting point. We need to begin contemplating a future which includes the
existence of extraterrestrial life forms, and the early stages of inter-planetary relations .

Lest the more pragmatic among us question the timeliness of such a discussion, let me state here
unequivocally that we are about 50 years late in this deliberation. For half a century, it has been known
that we are not alone, and the long-delayed discussion of the meaning and implications of contact with
advanced extraterrestrial civilizations is long over-due, not premature.

But before any such discussion can begin, we must first consider the nature, atmosphere and framework
of a disclosure: The implications are very different if the disclosure is militaristic, alarmist, xenophobic
and frightening, versus one Which is calm, scientific, evidence driven and hopeful. That is, the message,
images, framework and atmosphere surrounding a disclosure will largely determine its immediate
implications. A disclosure can be one of the greatest galvanizing and transcendent moments in human
history. if handled wisely - or it can be terror in the aisles.

Given current media, entertainment and UFO subculture treatment of the subject, there is reason for
concern here. Because if this disclosure is in any way linked to the mind-set of space invaders, 'victims
of alien abduction' and other disinformation, paranoid or fantasy-driven perspectives, then we are in real
trouble.

However, the CSETI Project Starlight disclosure effort is aimed 180 degrees away from such xenophobic
concepts, and envisions a rational, evidence-driven event which will simply convey the following:

        • That there is substantial scientific and witness evidence for the existence of extra-terrestrial life
        forms in proximity to the earth;
        • That, while the specific motives of these life forms may not be totally understood, there is no
        evidence that they are hostile, and there is no reason for fear or alarm; and
        • The world community needs to move in the direction of open discussion on this matter and take
        constructive steps to ensure a peaceful, sustainable relationship with these life forms.

Of course, this sounds simple, but we are competing with the ·fear-mongoring and paranoic leanings of
the pop culture. Nevertheless, the prevailing madness in the media and entertainment fields should not
be allowed to deter us from a disclosure of the simple truth that we are not alone. But we must be
✓


    prepared to calmly distance this disclosure from the histrionics of those who would have us scream 'the
    sky is falling ... '

    The remaining discussions, then, will assume a framework of disclosure which is calm, scientific and
    hopeful. And regardless of the immediate din of alarmist proclamations from certain quarters, there will
    be fundamental implications which will be the focus of our deliberations here. These implications are
    really so profound and far-reaching , that no aspect of life on earth will remain unaffected . From theology
    to technology , from geopolitics to economics , from the environment to the future exploration of space,
    nearly every field of human endeavor will eventually be touched by such a disclosure.

    IMMEDIATE IMPLICATIONS

    The near-term implications of a high-level disclosure on the existence of extraterrestrial life forms range
    from the geo-political to the philosophical. The most pronounced immediate effect of such a disclosure
    will be that of altering the fundamental paradigm of how we view ourselves, the world of humanity and
    the universe . While the full effect of this will take some decades, if not centuries, to manifest fully, there
    will be an immediate realization that we are really all one people on the homeland of earth, among many
    worlds inhabited by other intelligent life forms.

    This realization will alter not only our view of ourselves and the earth, but I believe it will impact on the
    current state of geopolitical fractionation. In the post-Cold War era, the world is becoming increasingly
    'balkanized' , precisely at the time when one would hope for increasing world unity and coherence. The
    definitive disclosure that we are not alone in the universe, and that, more importantly, these advanced
    life forms are landing on terra firma, will provide significant impetus to the as-yet incomplete process
    of forming a truly global civilization. This disclosure will complete the galvanizing effect which the
    space program provided as it sent back to the earth photographs of this beautiful blue sphere floating in
    space, which we all call home.

    As the global community contemplates the immediate and future reality of earth coming into contact with
    other advanced civilizations, all of the usual preoccupations with the endless internecine battles among
    nations and peoples on earth will suddenly appear in quite a different light. The differences and conflicts
    between various racial, religious, ethnic and national identities will be seen in a new perspective as we
    begin to contemplate the reality of earth evolving into an inter-planetary civilization. The world will
    rapidly quicken the pace of globalization and integration into a functional, peaceful civilization.

    This can - and must - be done without either demonizing or deifying these extraterrestrial peoples . The
    ingrained xenophobic response of today and yesteryear ·will need to give way to a new paradigm
    motivated by hope, understanding and tolerance of diversity.

    Even the process of corning to grips with the post-disclosure reality of an extraterrestrial presence will
    force the world to evolve the moral, spiritual, psychological and physical capacity to effectively meet the
    challenges of the situation. So the immediate impact will include the rapid development of a functional
    global capability vis a vis an extraterrestrial presence. No single nation can achieve this; no superpower,
    however well meaning, can think and act on behalf of the entire world as it adjusts to the early challenges
    of inter-planetary relations. This, then, will provide both the practical and philosophical setting for the
    development of a world civilization.


                                                           2
While people will no doubt retain their various national, ethnic and religious identities, there will be
added to these the over-arching identity of being 'from earth ' . Beyond this, an awareness will grow that ,
indeed , all conscious, intelligent life forms have in common the intangible but real link of awareness , of
consciousness , and the early stages of universal 'citizenship' will dawn. That is, we will experience, first
inwardly and later in practical life, the awareness of the universality of life.

This theme could , no doubt, fill an entire book, if not several volumes of books . But in the interest of
time, let us look at other immediate implications:

        • Governments around the world will immediately be affected in several inter-related ways .
There will be an examination of covert, previously unacknowledged 'black' projects in the
military/intelligence/industrial sector, and these projects will be moved back to the public domain and to
conventional oversight and control. Currently, these projects officially 'do not exist' and as such
constitute a serious threat to governmental integrity, especially in constitutional democracies such as the
United States. A disclosure will set in motion governmental and social pressures to restore constitutional
chain of command and control over this matter, and senior government leaders will no longer be able to
avoid responsibility for this issue by claiming 'plausible deniability'. In short, this disclosure on the
existence of extra-terrestrial life forms in proximity to earth will reverse the excesses of secrecy which
developed in the post-World War II era and Cold War.

         • Academic, scientific and governmental institutions and agencies will quickly focus on the
meaning, implications and requirements of a newly ordered global paradigm, which suddenly includes
the existence of extraterrestrial civilizations visiting earth. From international policy 'think-tanks' to
various academies of science around the world, this issue will become a prime focus of discussion, study
and debate. In an academic sense, no field of study will be untouched by such a disclosure: history ,
anthropology, philosophy, geopolitics, exo-biology, theology, the arts, sciences and technology, business
and economics -- all will be immediately galvanized by and preoccupied with such a disclosure. The vast
and profound implications inherent to the fact that we are not alone in the universe, and are already being
visited by advanced extraterrestrial life forms will indeed be of unparalleled significance in the history
of the human species.

         • Theological and philosophical implications will immediately be discussed among the world's
religions and religious leaders as they come to terms with a universe in which humans are no longer the
only intelligent, sentient children of God. In this respect, concepts of God, creation, life and religious
meaning will evolve in the direction of accommodating the existence of intelligent life elsewhere in the
universe, and this will cause an increasing 'universalization' of God and religious meaning . Additionally,
there will likely be unfortunate yet predictable reactionary sentiment from various religions around the
world which will place such a disclosure into a strictly eschatological framework, or worse. Already,
among fringe elements in the civilian sector, we see attempts to either demonize or deify these
extraterrestrial visitors. (Many of these reactions are reminiscent of the movie "The Gods Must Be
Crazy ". ) Nevertheless, such reactivity and fanaticism, while predictable, will eventually give way to a
more reasoned and mature response and the world's religions will adopt an understanding of intelligent
life which is universal, and which will, I believe, redound to the appreciation of an infinite Creator whose
glory is not confined to the earth.


                                                      3
INTERMEDIATE AND LONG-TERM IMPLICATIONS

The length and scope of this paper obviously does not permit a thorough analysis of the immediate
ramifications of such a disclosure, much less the intermediate and long-term implications. However, it
is important to review a few of the highlights of these more distant implications , because it is here that
we will see a literal transformation of human society.

This cannot be appreciated fully, however, without also appreciating a central fact of the past 50 years
of UFO/ETI secrecy: that covert human projects have possessed advanced extraterrestrial technologies
and have been ' reverse-engineering' them for decades. This means that in the post-disclosure era, there
will be the opportunity to eventually apply these technologies to the problems of human society. The
elaboration of the mechanisms of advanced energy, propulsion, communications and other extraterrestrial
technologies will have an extraordinary impact on current earth technologies, including energy generation,
transportation, communications, education, manufacturing, medicine and more. Aside from our science,
physics, mathematics and technology textbooks being rewritten, the practical applications of these
technologies will completely transform the face of human society.

There is , however, a disturbing side to this , and that is the long history of humans using every
breakthrough in technology to build a better war machine. The proliferation of nuclear, chemical and
biological weapons of mass destruction should give us some pause as we contemplate what the destructive
uses of such advanced ET technologies might be. (Moreover, we should be quite concerned already
about the implications of such technological breakthroughs resting in the hands of 'black' projects which
do not answer to the people or the 'chain of command' mechanisms of the government .. .) For this
reason, it is extremely important that such applied technologies not be propagated until the world has
established a more stable international setting and att!lined a lasting international peace.

The pessimists and cynics will say that humans will never reach a state of stable international peace, but
I hold the opposing view that we will, because we will have to. Humans have many faults and foibles ,
but when all is said and done, we are survivors - and adapt extraordinarily well to circumstances
threatening our survival. Certainly, the current situation of weapons of mass destruction proliferating
into the hands of every unstable dictatorship is such a circumstance. And while there may yet be
disastrous consequences, these will only serve to galvanize humans into doing what must be done to
survive: adapt and evolve into a peaceful, stable global civilization.

Putting this debate aside for now, let us contemplate a 'down-loading' of these advanced extraterrestrial
technologies in a setting of international stability and peace.

These technologies are not polluting fossil fuels or radioactive nuclear power, but are completely
revolutionary energy systems which are non-linear, .zero-point type technologies. That is, there is a
background source of limitless energy which is omnipresent in the universe, even in deep space, and these
devices ' tap into' this energy. The result is vast amounts of energy generated, and, in defiance of the
'law of thermodynamics', more energy is obtained than is put into the system.

Without going into a long discussion of propulsion systems which propel vehicles at beyond the speed
of light (allegedly impossible according to 20th century physics) or of 'bending' space-time, or of
negating the effects of gravity and mass inertia, or of non-linear communications systems which interface
directly with mind or thought, or a myriad other considerations related to advanced ET technology, let
us simply state that these technologies are many quanta ahead of current technology on earth.

                                                     4
What are the implications of such technologies being applied around the world?

          • The environment, which is being degraded at an alarming rate primarily due to the burning of
fossil fuels and the relative scarcity of energy. would be greatly assisted, if not saved, by the widespread
application of such technology. For the most part, the earth is still in the 1800s as far as energy
generation, transportation and related technologies are concerned. The internal combustion engine reigns
supreme, as does gas , oil and coal as sources of energy . Aside from being the chief sources of pollution
of the air and water. their relative scarcity results in a further cost- and efficiency-related inability to
'scrub ' other sources of pollution from waterways, chemical processing, manufacturing and the like.
Such inefficiencies, scarcity and intrinsically polluting qualities of the current world energy system are
literally killing the earth. The application of advanced ET energy systems would completely reverse this
situation.

         • When it takes only minutes - instead of 12-14 hours - to go from Asia to New York, the world
will truly be a global village. Indeed, the need for vast, inefficient and dehumanizing metropolises will
no longer exist, since both communications and transportation will allow small towns and villages to have
access to each other instantly . This will result in a transformation in the nature and function of society
unequaled in recorded history .

         • The relative scarcity of energy, and hence of resources generally, has resulted in a vast
inequality among the poor and rich nations of the world. The application of these ET technologies will ·
alter this situation radically, and eventually abundance and an economic equilibrium will emerge. This
will alter the world socio-economic situation and mitigate the economic pressures and inequalities which
create so much strife and conflict in the world. With zero-point and related technologies in every village
and every home, the consciousness of scarcity and a 'zero sum game' will give way to one of abundance.
And with this, the human race will be freed from the oppressive mentality of material acquisitions and
survival to a larger vision of developing the full potential of each human.

        • Public health and medical advances will result both directly and indirectly from these new
technologies. For example, imagine a world where abundance of clean water and energy removes the
specter of famine and disease from the entire earth.

        • Space exploration will be a viable possibility, since these energy and propulsion systems permit
transport through space effectively at multiples of the speed of light. And with this, well, the sky is the
limit.

Aside from these technological and environmental long-term implications , there are the long-term
implications related to the world corning to grips with the early and eventual mature stages of an open
relationship with various extraterrestrial civilizations. _What might be the effects of an open dialogue with
advanced life forms on world culture, art, music, philosophy, science and so forth? Only when we have
stopped lying to ourselves about the existence of these other civilizations and disclosed the truth can we
move in the direction of a sustainable global and inter-planetary society.

Volumes can - and no doubt will - be written on the meaning of contact with advanced extraterrestrial
civilizations. But of this we are sure: the first step is to achieve an honest disclosure. The implications
of this disclosure are truly world-encompassing and far reaching. Because today we do not have a
sustainable civilization on this planet, but one which is morally, technologically and socially moribund.


                                                      5
And as the old Chinese proverb says, "unless we change directions, we are likely to end up where we
are going."

Indeed, to borrow from Al Gore's book title, earth is in the balance. The evolution of a sustainable
global civilizatio"n, and the further development of the capacity to become an inter-planetary civilization,
is dependent on an honest disclosure regarding the existence of extraterrestrial civilizations, and our
development into a peaceful world civilization. Only then can we enter an era of sustainable technology,
a sustainable economy, and a lasting culture, and take our place among the stars as member of a growing
universal civilization.


                                                                                                     <0 1996
                                                                                  Steven M. Greer, M.D.
                                                                                  Founder and Director of
                                                                               The Center for the Study of
                                                                               Extraterrestrial Intelligence
                                                                                                     CSETI


                                                      6
•
                  CSETI   HEADQUARTERS   AVL                         P .02

          CSETI
          ~-R, .# 15401
          ASHEVILLE, NC 28813


    THE CENTER POR THE STUDY OF EXTRATERRESTRIAL INTELLIGENCE


                                CSETI

           SUMMARY OF POINTS REGARDING

                       PROJECT STARLIGHT
          FOR THE CLINTON ADMINISTRATION


                                                     DETERMINED TO BE. AN
                                                     I\DMiN!STRAT!VE l\:1ARK!NG
                    STRICTLV -CONFIDENTIAL INITIALS: w~ DATE: 8 J:i.~ /o 8


                                               :p~~\v
                                                   tx=__\    L,Cto~
                                                            \J \)((_ lq3
                          Steven M. Greer, M.D.
                          International Director
                   SUMMARY OF POINTS REGARDING
                        PROJECT STARLIGHT
                  FOR THE CLINTON ADMINISTRATION


PROJECT STARLIGHT is a program spearheaded by CSETI (The Center
fpr the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence) to educate world leadership
and the world's population regarding the reality of UFOs/ETI. Key points
include:
r:. It is our sincere intention to cooperate with the U.S. government, the
    United Nations, and other governments, and to conduct the briefing
    process and the Announcement so that neither the Administration nor
    the government in general is harmed. We invite active U.S. government
    participation in this process and feel that for a number of reasons it is in
    the best interests of the Administration to do so.
-1 . Project Starlight has commitments of assets, both evidential and in the
     form of key first-hand, credible witnesses to make an undeniable case
     for the extraterrestrial origin of these objects. These assets include day
     and nighttime videotape footage, photographs, radar tapes, pilot cases,
     landing trace cases, and the important testimony of former government
 ,. -and military officials from the U.S., Europe, and Russia who have
     knowledge of this subject, in several instances including knowledge of
     spacecraft wreckage and extraterrestrial bodies. These witnesses are
     willing to testify publicly before major media.
■   Project Starlight has access to and offers of cooperations from major
    media, both print and electronic. These are respected mainstream
    media sources, not ''tabloid" type.
= We _are working with other leaders in society, here and abroad, who
    concur that now is the time to change current government policy to one
    of increasing openness and disclosure of evidence on this subject.
~   The ending of the Cold War and the beginning of a new Administration
    provides a unique "window of opportunity'' for such a change in policy
    and for the cooperative disclosure of evidence (See position paper
    "Strategies and Rationale for Ch~nging Government Policy''.)
                                      2


a To   reduce the potential for a panic reaction in society, the
  Announcement should be spearheaded by civilian researchers and
  scientists. A government announcement alone may appear abrupt and
  alarming.

a Failure to effect a change in policy and to provide disclosure on th:is
  subj~c~ by ~he · · - - · may result in regrettable outcomes for Jhe
  Adm1mstrat1on because:
   1. The window of opportunity will have been lost, insofar as the end of
   the Cold War would be a relatively distant event and the new President
   and his appointed officials would have lost the protective aspect of
   being new to their responsibilities.
    2. Given the current increasing trend in extraterrestrial activity and
    increasingly successful CSETI attempts to establish contact with these
    spacecraft (See CSETI Briefing Document), there is a very high
    probability that a major UFO event of a publicly undeniable nature wm
    transpire b fore the current President's tenn expires in January, 1997.
    A controlled and well thought out Announcement and disclosure of'
    evidence is much preferred over an uncontrolled and surprising event.
    \Nhile the former, if handled wisely, could have a unifying and beneficial·
    effect on ht;manity, the latter would very likely have a negative and very
'·~ destabilizing effect. Therefore, the highest risks are associated with
    non-disclosure.
   3. By 1995, re-election concerns and other factors would make this
   process of disclosure increasingly risky due to the competitive and
   divisive nature of political campaigns.
   4. Other governments are moving in the direction of disclosure on this
   subject. and the Japanese government is funding and has plans to open
   a major museum on UFOs/ETI in 1996, before the current President's
   term expires.

   5. Other civilian UFO groups who have a decidedly confrontative
   approach to the U.S. government are building a base of both
   congressional and grass roots support which may prove embarrassing
   to the government and military in the U.S. In contrast, Project Starlight is
   committed to working cooperatively with the U.S. government and
   avoiding language or evidence which would be harmful or
   embarrassing.
.

                                               3


           e. There are other civilian groups which are framing this topic m,
           ~!armist, xenophobic and potentially conflict-oriented ways which wifll
           ~rove harmful to world stability and to the world's "consciousness... Th'fs
           potentially harmful trend would be contained by Project Starlight, which
           is committed to presenting this information in a scientific, non..alarming
           ~nd hopeful manner.                                                   ·
    t;     \JVe have learned that the other nations of the world are looking to tile
           U.S. for leadership on this subject. Providing that leadership on a
           subject this important would strengthen the Administration's stature in
           the Post-Cold War era.
    i.;      Insofar as a majority of Americans hold that UFOs are real and are
             probably interplanetary spacecraft, the President would be viewed in a
             positive, courageous and possibly even heroic light for cooperating with
             s~ch an Announcement and briefing process. Similarly, the pubfic
             would become convinced that a new era had truly begun where
             government could be trusted to tell the truth; such a perception could go
             a long way towards erasing the cynicism and mistrust which has
             developed since the assassination of Kennedy, the Vietnam War,
             Watergate and other scandals. It would certainly be convincing
              evidence that the Administration is sincere about building a "new
              covenant'' with the people and would fulfill the promise of a new
          .~ openness in government. Mr. Woolsev's comment on ''Larry King Live"
            · on November 30, 1993, that the Administration wished to "disclose
              historical material" in a spirit of new openness would be fulfilled by a
              cooperative relationship with Project Starlight.
    m We are sincerely dedicated to fulfilling this project in a way which would
            be a positive event for humanity. We are acutely aware of the profound
            implications this project might have, both positive and negative, on
            humankind, in general, and on economic and other systems, in
            particular. and are therefore making all efforts to prevent a negative or
            alarmist tone from creeping into the message. U.S. government
            cooperation in this project would assist us in this goal, and specifically
            could serve to calm the financial markets in the period of the
            Announcement.
     a A major media project, plus a major east coast U.S. newspaper will
       probably be completing large scale investigative reports on this subject
       in the next 12 months. These projects, which are very high quality and
.   .


                                              4

            credible, will be seen by millions and probably hundreds of millions of
            people. Along with Project Starlight, which will conduct briefings and an
            Announcement with or without government cooperation, this subject,
            and the U.S. government's connection to it, will be known by a very
            large segment of the population. The Administration would be best
            served by positioning itself in a cooperative, open, disclosing manner
            during this process. To do otherwise would be to increase suspicion
            and mistrust of government in general and the Administration' in
            particular.

        ■   Government cooperation and involvement with Project Starlight would
            afford government valuable input into the process, content and timing of
            these events. A passive or non-cooperative stance would of course
            have the opposite effect.
        a In any case we do not desire, nor do we recommend, the disclosure of
            certain valid secret projects which are vital to national security or to
            future defense readiness, including projects at Nellis Air Force Base in
            area S4, which apparently deal with reverse engineering extraterrestrial
            technology for human applications.
        !:respective of the level of U.S. government involvement or cooperation, we
        wish to assure you that we intend to conduct this project in a way which wilt
        Rot harm the President. the military, the Government or the society in
        ceneral. However, due to the high likelihood of extraterrestrial-human
        i,1teractions in general, and extraterrestrial contact by CSETI research
        teams specifically, which may be imminent, we are committed to fulfilling
        this project within the coming year. Furthermore, we are carefully and
        systematically thinking through what needs to be included in an extended
        effort that will assure that the response to this Announcement is positive
        ~nd full of hope. We welcome and invite your participation.
                  SUGGESTED AVENUES OF
               GOVERNMENT COOPERATION WITH
                    PROJECT STARLIGHT


1.   Letter of introduction to foreign governments to facilitate Briefing
process and to coordinate wortdwide Announcement.                     ,
·2.      Release from obligations of security oaths for government
 'wvitnesses who wish to provide testimony on this subject.
3.    Logistical support in the Briefing and Announcement process.
4.   Statement or video-taped message from the President to be
used at Briefings and/or Announcement.
5.    Release to Project Starlight specific evidence including:
      a. gun camera footage
      b. photos
      c. movies
      d. objects of extraterrestrial origin
      e. slides of tissue samples from extraterrestrial bodies
STRATEGIES AND RATIONALE FOR CHANGING
GOVERNMENT POLICY

It is recommended that current government policy on UFOs/ETI be changed to one of
increasing disclosure, openness, and cooperation with civilian researchers. Failure to
effect a review and policy change within the next 12-24 months may result in
significant unfortunate outcomes insofar as it is likely that both civilian research
initiatives (e.g., CSETI RMIT research projects) and imminent extraterrestrial events
will overtake current policy.                                                        ..

A "window of opportunity" exists for the Administration to effect such a change. This
unique window exists as the result of the confluence of two significant events:

       1.    The existing policy of secrecy exists, in part, because of justifiable
             concerns during the Cold War, which included the control of possible
             developments vis-a-vis extraterrestrial technology, as well as more
             general psychological and sociological concerns. The ending of the Cold
             War provides for a plausible rationale for changing current policy at this
             time, and would provide the current Administration with an excellent
             explanation for the public so that past secrecy could be justified, thereby
             minimizing any embarrassment to past administrations, or to career
             government, military, and intelligence employees. Since some time has
             already elapsed since the end of the Cold War, this rationale is highly
             time sensitive.

       2.    Since the Clinton Administration is less than one year old, the President,
             the Secretary of Defense the Director of Central Intelligence, the new
             Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and other key government figures
             will have "plausible deniability" on this issue, so long as a policy change
             occurs in the first one to two years of the term. After that time, the
             Administration could be harmed by a late, uncontrolled disclosure since
             such an event would play to the public in one of two equally
             unacceptable ways: If the Administration claims ignorance on a subject
             this important, it will be accused of incompetence. And if the
             Administration admits to knowing about this subject, it will be subject to
             accusations of unwarranted secrecy, and possibly even "cover-up" by the
             media and public. At this point in time, the Administration would not be
             faulted for a one-to two-year delay in disclosure, and may even be
             viewed heroically by a majority of the American people, inasmuch as a
             majority of Americans already believe that UFOs are real and are most
             likely interplanetary craft.

We believe that this "window" provides for an historic opportunity to change current
policy and enter a new era of openness on this important subject.
Beyond this, such a policy of openness, with the resulting disclosure of the existence
of extraterrestrial life, could be a world unifying event which would serve the over-
arching goal of world peace. Suddenly, the earth would indeed appear as one
homeland inhabited by one people.

In advance of any change in policy, and subsequent disclosures, we would advise a
concerted effort to confidentially brief select world leaders, leaders in society (including
media, religious, business and academic leaders) and scientific leaders. CSETI, in
cooperation with other researchers and organizations, has already begun this process,
and welcomes cooperative initiatives from the current Administration.

Furthermore, it is our sincere desire that this matter be handled in such a way that
neither the government of the United States nor world society in general will be
harmed. We would like to extend our offer to help in this process to the fullest extent
possible, and recommend that a dialogue on this subject proceed in a thoughtful yet
somewhat urgent manner.

We also recommend that the international community be encouraged to support and
expand a worldwide diplomatic and research initiative to establish increasingly open
contact between earth civilization and extraterrestrial civilizations. C SETI has already
established such an initiative and is willing to work openly with the international
community to advance this process.

copyright Steven M. Greer MD , 1993
CSETI
The Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence


THE CSETI COMPREHENSIVE ASSESSMENT OF THE UFO/ETI PHENOMENON - MAY 1991

A comprehensive analysis of the UFO phenome-                    planets at potential risk should human
non, as well as original research and experiences               military interests unravel the energy and
of members of the CSETI CE-5 Initiative Working                 propulsion technology of their craft.
Group, has enabled us to make some specific
conclusions about UFOs, extraterrestrial intelli-           •   The variety in sizes and shapes of ETS
gence and their motives. The summation of this                  observed is due to: a) varying civilizations
analysis, which follows, is intended to assist both             of origin, and more importantly; b) special-
groups and individuals in their efforts to understand           izations of functions, which include general
this complex subject. We have recorded only                     reconnaissance, medical research and
those conclusions for which we have a high level of             intelligence, earth environmental research,
certainty.                                                      central command and base operations,
                                                                energy generation and transfer, and hu-
GENERAL CONCLUSIONS                                             man technology, military and space pro-
                                                                gram research and reconnaissance.
•          Some UFOs are extraterrestrial spacecraft
           (ETS) which are piloted by extraterrestrial      •   Sudden and fully open contact with human
           biological entities (EBEs) who originate on          cMlization has been avoided because of a
           another planet, and most likely another              number of interrelated factors, including:
           star system.
                                                                a)       The need to avoid an untimely
•          More than one extraterrestrial civilization is                disruption of earth civilization,
           represented in the current activities involv-                 including military, political, geo-
      .~   ing earth.                                                    political, cultural, economic, tech-
                                                                         nological and religious upheaval;
•          These extraterrestrial civilizations are
           working in concert and not competitively,            b)       Risks to their own civilization and
           although there is some specialization in                      "people" as well as overall mis-
           function and activities for the various                       sion, given human xenophobia
           groups. This indicates that there exists an                   and tendencies towards violent
           emerging or well established organization                     armed reactions.
           for these groups.
                                                                c)       Up to this time, such massive and
•          These beings have bases within this solar                     open contact has not been neces-
           system and may maintain temporary                             sary, and has not been consonant
           bases on earth, particularly under water.                     with their overall long-term mis-
                                                                         sion and purpose (see "The
•          While various reports and speculations                        Question of Intent'), since their
           exist, we cannot at this time definitely state                purpose is not acquisition-oriented
           which planets or star systems are the                         or disruptive.
           home bases for these beings. Any specific
           information on this subject is very likely to    •   A plan is in place to allow for gradually
           be incorrect due to the security consider-           broader and deeper contact with human
           ations of these beings. That is, given               society and individuals so that humans
           current human tendencies towards war,                may become accustomed to the reality of
           aggression and violence, open disclosure             other intelligent beings in the universe, and
           of their planets of origin would put these           so that needed research and observations

© 1992, 1996 by Steven M. Greer, M.D. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ Page 1
CSETI
The Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence


       may take place on both sides. Limited but              b)      security issues surrounding possi-
       increasing opportunities for bilateral and                     ble military and technology appfi-
       human-initiated contact will occur in the                      cations of ETI technology, espe-
       reasonably near future.                                        cially in the setting of a world be-
                                                                      set with Cold War tensions and
•      Sudden and large scale contact will occur                      competing interests;
       only in the event of a significant worldwide
       emergency (man-made or natural).                       c)      uncertainty and mistrust regarding
                                                                      ETI motives and ultimate inten-
•        While ETI observations and interaction                       tions;
         with earth is probably an ancient as op-
         posed to purely modern phenomenon, the               d)      embarrassment and loss of face
         marked increase in activity coinciding with                  resulting from disclosures con-
         World War II and the dawning of the "nu-                     cerning how this matter has been
         clear age" indicates that ETI are quite                      handled, such as the harassment
         concerned about this transitional stage of                   and ridicule of innocent civilians
         human social evolution. They are particu-                    and military personnel, the with-
         larly concerned about human nuclear                          holding of information from the
         weapons and technology, and potential                        public and Congress, etc.
         threat to ETI, although this is nominal.
         These beings are further concerned with          •   The US government possesses several
         our peaceful transition to a world society,          ETS and the deceased bodies of several
         international peace, and the establishment           EBEs. While there is evidence to strongly
         of a just, effective and representative world        suggest that these agencies are attempt-
         government, expected to occur within 10 to           ing to reverse-engineer these craft, such
     ,,. 15 years or less.                                    efforts have not been functionally success-
                                                              ful, although a number of secondary and
        ETI technology is strictly guarded by both            partial "discoveries" have resulted from
        ETI and covert human agencies because                 this research.
        of its potential for military applications
        which would greatly threaten world secu-              The nature of "reality'' of these craft and
        rity. It is imperative that this technology not       the beings has been incorrectly character-
        find significant human applications until             ized by some as belonging to "another
        such time as the earth attains international          dimension or reality" from this dimension.
        peace and an effective world government.              Unfortunately, these statements are made
                                                              without fully considering what "this reality''
•       The US government, at least at the level of           is. A more correct understanding is that
        a highly compartmentalized above top                  the Full Spectrum of Reality is a singular,
        secret group, has known about the reality             integrated one which may be perceived
        of these ETS and their occupants since at             wholly or in its various aspects, such per-
        least 1946. A strict secrecy and a world-             ception being entirely dependent on the
        wide cover-up of these facts have been                level of consciousness of the perceiver.
        maintained due to:                                    The various aspects of "dimensions" of this
                                                               reality, which are limitless in number, are
        a)       fear of public panic and social dis-          not restricted to or by time and space as
                 ruption;                                     we know it commonly. These beings and
                                                              their craft belong to the same Reality as
                                                               humans; however, their advancement in
                                                              the realms of physical science and the

© 1992, 1996 by Steven M. Greer, M.D. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _Page 2
CSETI
The Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence


       science of consciousness have given them                our mutual existence as conscious, intelli-
       competence in a broader aspect of the                   gent beings.
       Full Spectrum of Reality than is usually
       experienced by humans. The differences          •       While these various EBEs may have val-
       are not insurmountable, nor are they truly              ues and priorities which are different from
       fundamental; in fact, they are relative and             those of some 20th century humans, their
       only temporary. While these beings are                  motives and ultimate intentions are non-
       utilizing and experiencing a broader aspect             hostile and do not include the acquisition
       of the Full Spectrum of Reality, so too can             or subjugation of the earth or its peoples
       and will humans, for we are as                          (see "The Question of Intent'').
       "interdimensional" by nature as they ...
                                                       •       The establishing of a lasting world peace
•       ETS energy and "propulsion" (or space                  and just and effective world government is
        transfer) systems utilize principles and               essential to the long-term ETl/human
        laws of the physical universe not yet fully            relationship.
        appreciated by human science, and in-
        clude:                                         THE QUESTION OF INTENT

        a)       gravity/anti-gravity and electro-     While not minimizing the strange and startling
                 magnetic/gravity technology;          aspects of this phenomenon which some humans
                                                       have experienced, our assessment of these visitors'
        b)       space energy and so-called            motives and ultimate intentions is that they are
                 hyper-dimensional energy sys-         decidedly non-hostile. Their primary operations
                 tems;                                 and activities center around:

     .-.• c)     mater/energy    interchangeable       •       General reconnaissance of earth and her
                 technologies; and                             societies

        d)       possible Consciousness Assisted       •       Military (especially nuclear) observations
                 Technology (CAT) and Technol-                 and assessment
                 ogy Assisted Consciousness
                 (TAC).                                •       Human social and psychological study and
                                                               observation
•       Some if not all EBEs have advanced men-
        tal capabilities which include telepathy,      •       Observation and assessment of human
        precognition, remote viewing and others,               mental and spiritual development
        indicating that they have developed the
        "science of consciousness" to a degree         •       Earth ecology research and documenta- .
        which parallels or surpasses their ad                  tion, including documentation of earth life
        vanced physical technologies. Humans                   systems, and mineral, plant and animal
        also possess these capabilities, but these             specimens
        remain largely undeveloped by most hu-
        mans.                                          •       Observation of human technology and
                                                               technological developments
•        EBEs are more developed or advanced
         than humans in a number of respects, but      •       Observation, active monitoring and, if
         are not superior to humans as beings. Our             necessary, . limitation of human space
         point of unity and equality with EBEs is in           programs, particularly those directed to-


© 1992, 1996 by Steven M. Greer, M.D. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _Page 3
CSETI
The Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence


        wards the nationalistic colonization of space   5.   Preservation of earth species, including
                                                             human genetic preservation and/or aug-
•       Careful interaction with humans to convey            mentation as a precaution in the event of a
        certain information about themselves and             worse-case scenario (see above).
        to accustom humans to their presence.
                                                        6.   Protection of space from hostile or military
Our assessment is that these activities are derived          utilization by human national interests.
from several ultimate motives which include:
                                                        7.   ETI self-protective interests, insofar as
1.      Pure study and research of a rapidly de-             humans have a strong recent history of
        veloping intelligent species (humans)                coupling marked aggressiveness with
        during a time of transition to a world com-          rapid technological development; in this
        munity.                                              setting, monitoring and perhaps even
                                                             limiting human capabilities may be impor-
2.      A needed increase in ETI knowledge of                tant to ETI security - human evolution to
        world societies and human nature pre-                world peace, non-aggression and world
        patory to future significant interaction,            government would remove this motive as
        which will be mutual in nature, and which            well as several of the motives listed above.
        will eventually culminate in the introduction
        of earth cMlization into an interplanetary      8.   ETI short- and long-term goals related to
        network (this may require several centuries          the attainment of a significant human
        to complete).                                        paradigm shift from one of fragmenta-
                                                             tion/separation to one of unity, to include
3.        Preparatory activities for continued readi-        the unity of science and religion, world
          ness in the event that intervention is re-         political and eventual spiritual unity, and
       ,, quired during a major world emergency,             universal unity. This paradigm shift is
          such as a large-scale nuclear war. Such            dependent on the development of human
          interventions would be in the form of:             consciousness, which is of particular inter-
                                                             est to ETI; and
        a)       interception and destruction of
                 Intercontinental Ballistic Missiles    9.   The preservation and advancement of
                 (ICBMs);                                    intelligent life in the universe.

         b)      alteration of missile coordinates
                 and readiness; and

         c)      emergency earth-based activities
                 when and where warranted.

         The minimum intervention necessary
         would be used, with the intention being the
         preservation of earth as an inhabitable
         planet with adequate human resources
         remaining to sustain intelligent life here.

4.       Emergency intervention in the event of an
         environmental or geological catastrophe of
         worldwide dimensions.


© 1992, 1996 by Steven M. Greer, M.D. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ ,Page 4
   UFO/ETI DISINFORMATION: IMPLICATIONS FOR NATIONAL SECURITY AND
                 INTERNATIONAL SECURITY POLICY MAKERS


Abstract: In advance of a confirmed announcement concerning the detection of extraterrestrial
life forms, it is important for national and international security policy makers to be aware of the
risks to the decision-making process created by certain types of sophisticated disinformation and
covert interventions. These include, but are not limited to: Induction of psychoelectronic
experiences, mass psychological conditioning with false information, targeting of certain key
leaders with individualized disinformation, and the staging of a false yet convincing
extraterrestrial threat. Awareness of this by key policy makers would help minimize the risk of
unfortunate events resulting from policy decisions influenced unduly by this type of
disinformation.

Background: CSETI Project Starlight efforts directed towards the public confirmation of the
detection of extraterrestrial life forms (see Briefing Document Draft) has resulted in our
discovering a number of covert activities which may jeopardize decision making within the
national and international security communities. Since some of these decision making processes
may be adversely affected well in advance of a public announcement on this subject, we feel
morally bound to issue this briefing to advise policy makers of certain risks. Failure by certain
key pol,icy makers ( especially the White House, the National Security Council , the Joint Chiefs
of Staff and the U.N. Security Council) to compensate adequately for these risks could result in
the adoption of policies and actions harmful to world security and to the future of interplanetary
relations. This briefing is designed to provide information regarding specific disinformation
processes and their related risks to national and international security.

Overview: Disinformation is false information which is deliberately provided to groups or
individuals for the purpose of obfuscating an issue, and/or effecting a specific psychological
response (such as denial, disbelief, fear, ridicule etc). Covert attempts designed to minimize
accurate knowledge of UFOs/ETI have used disinformation and psychological warfare techniques
for over 40 years, and these techniques and related. technologies have become increasingly ··
sophisticated and effective, especially since the 1960s. The most effective disinformation is
information which is related to a truth, at least in part, but which is then embellished and
deliberately distorted by combining disinformation with the information. The presence of a
minimal but adequate degree of truth enables the false information to be more readily accepted,
or for the intended psychological response to occur.

Disinformation may be divided into two broad categories: Passive Disinformation.which is false
information placed into individual or public awareness via conventional communication means;
and Active Disinformation, which involve false experiences which are induced and which result
in a very sophisticated manipulation of individual and group perspectives and experiences.
                                                   2

  Passive Disinformation Examples: Denial of UFO reports; providing false data concerning UFO
  events; engaging certain scientists or authorities to ridicule the subject matter and its proponents;
  false, misleading or slanderous information about UFO researchers and organizations; providing
· information to the public which induces fear, denial, skepticism or repulsion, etc.

 Active Disinformation Examples: Hoaxing of certain events to entrap or embarrass researchers
 or organizations; use of active psychoelectronic devices to induce false but very convincing
 experiences which are designed to control individual and public attitudes towards ETI
 (abducµons); use of technologies to simulate-, a false extraterrestrial hostile action, to affect both
 policy makers and the general public.

 Early covert operations relied primarily on passive disinformation. However, as more evidence
 of ETI activity made its way into the public domain and awareness, in the 1960s or '70s, active
 disinformation began to play a more dominant role. Most of the active disinformation currently
 in use is designed to :        1. Create a scenario which induces fear or rejection of the
 phenomenon
                                2. Bury real UFO/ETI activity under a mountain of superficially
 similar yet qualitatively different false events, especially so-called abductions and 'cattle
 mutilations'.
                                3. Influence public perception and governmental policy makers to
 conclude (falsely) that there is an "extraterrestrial threat" which we must fight.

 Active disinformation has become more effective as increasingly sophisticated technologies have
 been developed and perfected in the U.S. and former USSR.

 Covert special operations, funded by 'black budget' and private sources, have effectively
 dominated and polluted the data base in two popular areas:

         1. Abductions - Alleged abductions of humans by UFOs have been reported since the
 1960s. We doubt that 'abductions' as they are currently understood are actually occurring, but that
 a very small number of people have been taken on board ET craft for reasons not yet fully
 known. However, no evidence exists to suggest that such events are harmful or of a hostile
 nature. Unfortunately, like a true gold nugget hidden under a mountain of fools gold, the real
 on board cases have been buried beneath a large volume of human induced pseudo-abduction ·-
 events, designed to hide the real events under the cover of false ones, and to affect negatively
 public perception and credibility of the phenomenon. These events are being induced by
 advanced psychoelectronic technologies which can remotely target an individual or more than one
 person and create a convincing but false ET experience.

  The existence of psychoelectronic and other technologies has been confirmed to us by certain
  military, intelligence and high technology sources who contract with government agencies. These
  psychoelectronic devices are much more advanced and operational than most would imagine,
  and have gone through several generations of evolution and improv~ment. (See The ·
  Controllers:A New Hypothesis of Alien Abduction by Martin Cannon, and enclosed bibliography)
. .' .


                                                          3

         Policy makers must not be deceived by these reports, nor should policy making be influenced in
         any way by them. Since the data base is hopelessly contaminated by these falsely induced events,
         it cannot be relied on as a source of reliable information for policy formulation. We have learned
         that a number of researchers in this area have similarly concluded that most (80-90% or more)
         of abduction accounts are disinformation, or misidentification of other unusual phenomena.

                 2. Cattle 'mutilations' : Alleged cattle experiments by ET craft (misnamed 'mutilations' for
         disinformation purposes) have been reported since the 1960s. The primary scientists and
         researchers in this area have confirmed to us that at least 80% of these cases are actually decoy
         cases created by covert operations and have nothing to do with UFO/ETI activity. Our
         assessment is that the real cases are understandable environmental and genetic research related
         to radiation and chemical pollution and their effect on advanced mammalian systems. We would
         seriously doubt a sinister or hostile motive behind these relatively rare actual occurrences, and
         feel that the false decoy cases are designed to create disinformation, to conceal the actual cases
         and to create an atmosphere of fear around the subject. Policy makers should not be adversely
         influenced by these reports, or deceived by them in any way.

         Policy makers need to be aware of the potential for advanced technological active disinformation,
         both as it affects data bases and as it could potentially be targeted towards policy makers
         themselves. We would caution against undue fear in this regard , but do feel that senior policy
         makers should be aware of the potential for this type of disinformation and how it could be
         directed at them, which include both active and passive targeting.

          Simulated ET Events: We have also learned that technologies exist to support the simulation of
          false hostile ET events, designed specifically to influence policy makers in a time of crisis, or
          to 'spin' any announcement and disclosure process in the direction of uniting the world against
          a 'common alien threat' . Military and civilian policy makers must not be deceived by such
          events, since the stakes are enormous, and decisions based on such pseudo-UFO events would
          likely result in negative actions which would be unwarranted. The vast and profound implications
          of our future relations with extraterrestrial civilizations must not be influenced by this type of
           disinformation, since it would be designed to place the earth on a path of inter-planetary conflict
         · and would subvert the potential for future peaceful and beneficial relations.

         In summary, a number of advanced disinformation modalities exist which policy makers need to
         take into consideration as they evaluate data or receive briefings from traditionally covert sources.
         CSETI and its affiliated scientists and researchers are committed to obtaining reliable data by way
         of direct, real time observation of and interaction with the ETI phenomenon. We feel that
         empirical research of this type (see Briefing Document Draft) is more useful, accurate and
         reliable than other secondary means which are prone to disinformation contamination. Should
         you wish to make further inquiries into the CSETI research findings or assessment, please feel
         free to contact the Director of CSETI, Steven M. Greer M.D. at 704-274-5671. We are available
         to you to provide a confidential on-site briefing regarding this subject if this is desired.
                                                  END BRIEFING

                                @,~~tJ.~J--tD
                                      Withdrawal/Redaction Marker
                                                               Clinton Library
DOCUMENT NO.             SUBJECT/TITLE                                                                DATE                 RESTRICTION
AND TYPE


001. letter              Steven Greer to President Clinton (partial) (2 pages)                          11/15/1996         P6/b(6)


COLLECTION:
  Clinton Presidential Records
  Scheduling Office

   OA/Box Number: 7657
FOLDER TITLE:
  197878 [Stephen Greer]

                                                                                                                                           2006-0483-F
                                                                                                                                                 ds263
                                                                 RESTRICTION CODES
Presidential Records Act - [44 U.S.C. 2204(a))                            Freedom of Information Act - (S U.S.C. SS2(b))

Pt National Security Classified Information ((a)(l) of the PRA]           b(t) National security classified information ((b)(l) of the FOIA)
P2 Relating to the appointment to Federal office ((a)(2) of the PRA]      b(2) Release would disclose internal personnel rules and practices of
P3 Release would violate a Federal statute [(a)(3) of the PRA]                 an agency [(b)(2) of the FOIA]
P4 Release would disclose trade secrets or confidential commercial or     b(3) Release would violate a Federal statute [(b)(3) of the FOIA)
   financial information ((a)(4) of the PRA]                              b(4) Release would disclose trade secrets or confidential or financial
PS Release would disclose confidential advice between the President            information [(b)(4) of the FOIA]
   and his advisors, or between such advisors (a)(S) of the PRA]          b(6) Release would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of
P6 Release would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of                  personal privacy [(b)(6) of the FOIA]
   personal privacy ((a)(6) of the PRA)                                   b(7) Release would disclose information compiled for law enforcement
                                                                               purposes [(b)(7) of the FOIA]
  C. Closed in accordance with restrictions contained in donor's deed     b(8) Release would disclose information concerning the regulation of
     of gift.                                                                  financial institutions [(b)(8) of the FOIA)
PRM. Personal record misfile defined in accordance with 44 U.S.C.         b(9) Release would disclose geological or geophysical information
     2201(3).                                                                  concerning wells [(b)(9) of the FOIAJ
 RR. Document wlll be reviewed upon request.
                                                            CSETI
                                        Steven M. Greer M.D. - International Director


                                                        15 November 1996
,~ ()' ..,.vi~
,,'\.'l"cJ
'-f/~            Dear President Clinton,

                 Congratulations on your historic re-election for a second term as President of the United States.

                 As the first president of the next millennium, you will have the opportunity and challenge of
                 helping to guide both America and the world into a new era of great promise. As a descendent
                 of people who fought in 1776 to secure the freedom of America, I believe, as they did, that
                 America is the great hope of the world, and that our vision and spirit - more so than even our
                 immense material wealth - must lead the world into a brighter future.

                 In the past six years, I have endeavored to discover the truth about the UFO/Extraterrestrial
                 matter. We have consulted some of the best minds in the world on whether - and how - this
                 matter should be disclosed to the public. There has been wide agreement that the time has come
                 for the secrecy surrounding this subject to end, and for the people of the world to know that,
                 indeed, life exists beyond our beautiful home, the earth.

                 I believe that you can leave a lasting and historic legacy, for America and the world, by
                 facilitating the confirmation of this fact to the public. A scientific, evidence driven and hopeful
                 disclosure of this information will be one of the seminal events of this century, ~d I fe~l that
                 your support and involvement in so weighty a matter is imperative .
                                                                        .
                 We are moving forward with setting up an historic meeting at the United Nations in February to
                 coordinate this disclosure. We have identified substantial evidence and important government
                 and military witnesses to accomplish this goal . . I would like to ask you to please consider a
                 meeting, however brief and at any time or place, where we might discuss these ·plans, and obtain      [001]
                 your advice and input. Would you consider such a meeting before the end of this year?

             REDACTED               REDACTED               REDACTED
                                                                               . . --··-·

                                                                                    REDACTED
                                                                                            ~·   ·•   ···-~            bCLe)
                                                                                                              REDACTED
             REDACTED               REDACTED               REDACTED                 REDACTED                  REDACTED
             REDACTED               REDACTED               REDACTED                 REDACTED                  REDACTED
             REDACTED               REDACTED               REDACTED                 REDACTED                  REDACTED
             REDACTED               REDACTED               REDACTED                 REDACTED                  REDACTED
                 Can we work together on this, for the sake of our children, and the generations which follow?

                 I would be honored to meet with you and your staff, either alone, or with a small and senior

                         P.O. Box 15401, Asheville, NC 28813 * 704-274-5671 / fax: 704-274-6766

CLINTON           LIBRARY PHOTOCOPY
      group of astronauts and military witnesses, including Dr. Edgar Mitchell, who walked on the
      moon in Apollo 14, Astronaut Gordon Cooper, and Steven Lovekin, a military aid to President
      Eisenhower.

      We are eager for this disclosure to be accomplished in a manner which is cooperative with you
      and the Congress, and which redounds to the benefit of all of humanity. To achieve this, I feel
      we must discuss this matter at the earliest possible time.

      Please be assured of my prayers for your guidance and success, and of my abiding respect and
      support.

      Wishing you and your family the best of all worlds,


        ~ - c ~ y-
      Steven M. Greer M.D.
      Dire.ctor of CSETI
      Email: l03275. l472@compuserve.com
      Unlisted home phone:
      enc.


CLINTON LIBRARY     PHOTOCOPY
