{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476713","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83514","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2857,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/713/mufon-5476713.json","updb_database_id":5476713}
{dr}Star-like ufo that would turn off it's lights completelely and then turn them back on and show itself further out.

I was at home with my mom and my infant when I received a telephone call from my sister saying she and my brother-in-law can see a UFO from their apartment and it appears to be closer to my house. She said I could probably see it from my front yard, but when I went outside and looked, I couldn't see anything in the sky. I rushed over to their apartment and saw it from their front door area. It appeared to be a bright light in the sky to the west of Bakersfield, CA. It was very bright and was larger than a star or planet. As I was watching it, I noticed it would become very bright for a minute or two, and then would quickly dim the lights and then completely turn them off. 

As we all watch this, my sister and brother-in-law said when they noticed it, it was changing colors; however, I didn't notice any other colors than white at that time. We watched it there for about ten minutes, thinking it would quickly go away, but it didn't. We then decided to get in the car and see if we could get a closer look. It took at least 30 minutes to get out to where it was, which was just west of Bakersfield and east of the I-5 freeway nearest to Snow Rd. 

Whenever I would start to get close to it, it would turn it's lights off for a minute or two and then reappear a couple miles west. It did this about another five times before it completely disappeared for good that night. It should be noted, every time I got closer to it, I began to have the feeling of fear and dread. 

Later on that night, the news put a picture up and did a story about it since they received so many calls about it. They also covered it the next night too since it was seen that night as well. I took a picture and video of it, but because it was just on my iPhone, it doesn't appear as big as it was. Also, the news reports are on YouTube.
