{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-03-23 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282713","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120735","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7536,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/713/mufon-5282713.json","updb_database_id":5282713}
Black Triangular UFO with red, green & purple lights. 2 humanoid grey-like alien beings inside craft

We were at a high point in the surrounding towns on a big hill looking at the view. I don’t know how long we were stood there looking at that sight, but we shifted our view to looking at some of the stars in the sky as it was a pretty clear night apart from a few smudges of clouds so you could see the stars quite clearly. Whilst we were both looking at the sky, I noticed something flying overhead from behind us slightly to the left of us, I could see it out of my upper left peripheral vision. My immediate thought was that it looked like a commercial aeroplane flying extremely low so I said out loud “Wow that’s a big plane!”, but it took seconds for my brain to start analysing what I was really seeing.

It looked like a black slightly elongated triangle shape and it was moving very slowly with the single triangular point facing forward in the direction it was moving in. On each corner there was a pulsating-coloured light, a red light on the singular point, and then a purple light on one of the back corners and a green light on the other back corner. The only way I can describe the motion of the light pulsation was like looking at a lighthouse from a distance, because it was truly unearthly – it would slowly undim itself to full brightness and then slowly dim back down to darkness. Each light was pulsating in different turns, they weren’t pulsating simultaneously, and there seemed to be no pattern or order to which light would pulsate next. It’s not as if they were pulsating in a clockwise pattern, it would be seemingly randomised like red, green, purple, green, purple, red, purple.

In the few seconds it took me to realise that this was not a man-made aircraft flying extremely low, my friend eerily said to me “Jade. That’s not a plane…” and I just said “I know…” – it was around this time I was noticing the light pulse patterns. I later found out that my friend had a similar analysis in his mind in those moments but his was focused solely around sound and not the lights. He was studying motorsport engineering at university and was a huge fan of cars, he realised this was a UFO because it was completely silent. It was dead silent. Whatever engine was driving it through the air was making absolutely zero noise, and it was flying incredibly low so we should have heard something.

It seemed to move fluidly and could interchange directions and speeds at will, and I’m not good at estimating how low it was flying but I feel like it was around 5-10 houses high (two-story houses) so around 100-200 ft. I initially thought it was a huge aeroplane, but it was much smaller than a commercial aeroplane just flying at a much lower altitude, almost like a 2-man military air craft.

As it grew closer to us overhead (yet still slightly offset to the left) that’s when I noticed it’s shape, it didn’t have wings like a plane and it looked to me to be triangular shaped but the outline on the back of it wasn’t very clear at all. It was completely black and darker than the night sky. My friend later said that he thought it was sort of kite shaped, with there being a small point at the back that he couldn’t really make an outline of, almost as if there was black matter coming off from the back of it. The closest comparison I can find for what I saw is a TR3b Black Manta, and one of my initial thoughts about it was that it could have been some unknown military craft, but something told me that wasn’t right because of those eerie pulsating lights…

As I was staring at it and it was almost directly above us now, I noticed a horizontal rectangular window, which also could have been an opening, towards the cockpit of the craft on what would have been the floor or bottom of the craft and I noticed it because the inside of the craft looked very well lit. The lighting inside of the craft struck me as odd as it was a similar kind of warm lighting that you would see in somebody’s home, like a warm white, and it was bright almost as if the inside of the craft was a very light colour perhaps even white. At the time I was noticing those details, the craft had already come to a halt, just hovering above us, and those coloured lights had now turned to a sort of amber-hued solid white. A few seconds after I had noticed the window, the lights, etc. that’s when we saw them.

Two beings appeared in the window, coming up from the bottom of the window from my view (which would have been from the front of the craft). I could only see their heads, necks and the very tops of their shoulders, and it looked like they were possibly on the floor leaning over the window in a way you would be if you were on all fours looking down. They looked humanoid, more human than you see ‘greys’ depicted in science fiction, but not completely similar. Their skin was only slightly darker than the incredibly bright warm lighting on their craft, so I would describe the shade of it as an extremely pale sort of tan tone. Even though they were a distance away, I could see the blacks of their eyes staring at us, which has since led me to believe their eyes are proportionately much bigger than ours if I could see them, and additionally they contrasted well against their skin. Their necks appeared ever so slightly slimmer than ours, but their heads were fairly similar if not a little more bulbous at the back but it’s extremely difficult to say for certain because of the angle we were looking at them from.

From the moment they’d appeared, me and my friend held onto each other so tightly in an embrace of pure fear. I looked away from them after around 5 seconds as I found it too overwhelming and buried my head into my friend’s chest, scared for my life. In that moment I didn’t know what was going to happen to us. 

After some time, my friend told me it was okay to look again, he later told me he didn’t take his eyes off of them as he was watching and monitoring the situation in case something happened. The craft had continued moving forward and was some distance away now, I could no longer see them or the window. I remember feeling the most euphoric sense of relief that we were still alive, that they hadn’t taken us or come down from their craft. The craft appeared to gain more altitude as it headed towards more residential well-lit areas and headed off in the air space between the towns Nuneaton and Bedworth at a sluggish pace.
