{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-08-15 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548713","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"8650","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2670,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/713/mufon-5548713.json","updb_database_id":5548713}
2 bright white lights made scanning pattern over USAF base. Right angle turns + other strange behavior.

I was stationed at a P.A.T.S. (Personnel Awaiting Technical School) at Lackland Air Force Base. An airman who majored in physics and I were discussing science as we lay on the asphalt exercise field to avoid being in the hot, humid, un-airconditioned barracks. As we looked at the clear, dark sky he said, " Hey look at that over there ! There was a silver, round light moving fast and high going from east to west. I thought it was the belly light of a jet. I wondered why there were no red and green lights, but I said, Damn! That jet is going really high and fast! I scanned the sky and said, "Look, there's another one just like it ! ( (Coming from East to West) It looks like there going to crash into each other! They almost hit, but at the last moment made a sharp right-angle south. I exclaimed, " We can't do that ! Do you know what we are looking at? These are UFOS!" (Meaning ET crafts) They made a plowing pattern by going straight and opposite of each other. Then they did 180 degree turns to start a new lines. I said, " It looks like they're scanning our base!" As they accelerated through the turns they flared larger and brighter to about 5 times the original diameter...which was like the head of a straight-pin at arms length. After,I guess, 8 to 10 repetitions, they accelerated in opposite directions as they brilliantly flared, then totally disappeared. There was no contrail. We waited for 5 minutes,but head no jet sound. It was all done in silence. It took my breath away! It was an epiphany. I asked," Do you want to report this?" My friend said, "No, we are going for our secret (electronics) clearance , And we won't get it if we talk about little green men." I agreed. We kept our mouths shut. This event forever changed my perspective on the universe and what our science knows. After searching the skies for 38 years since, I have seen nothing esle like it. My hobby after this became studying unknown mysteries and scientific controversy.
