{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-03-01 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494713","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64749","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":10271,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/713/mufon-5494713.json","updb_database_id":5494713}
{cak} see below. large saucer like vehicle

January to May 1967, as a very young sailor, I was stationed at a small auxiliary bombing range, outside the town of "Stumpy Point", in Dare County NC. At the range, were three towers about 100 feet high where crews would man to watch as AF (from Seymour-Johnson AFB) and Navy (from NAS Oceana and several carriers off the coast) bombers, and fighters would come each night to drop practice bombs. Our job was to give coordinates (triangulate), to determine where the bomb landed. The area was carved out of the swamps, in the shape of a key, with one tower at each of the three points. Distance between towers was approximately one mile. Each tower was manned by at least six individuals and the main tower, is where the "Night Commander", always a senior petty officer,would supervise all of the sailors.

From the main tower looking northward, was a gravel road about 20 feet wide, which went all the way around the swamp, connecting all of the towers, plus a large storage building on the far north end of the swamp. The area inside that road, was swamp and a "lake" which was more than ten feet deep.

Sometime in March after the last snow of the year, I was in the main tower as the primary observer (with large binoculars mounted on the steel frame of the tower, meaning I was actual outside the tower itself). After a break, I came inside to warm up It was exactly 10:45 PM at the time. I came in and immediately grabbed a bottle of soda from ice chest we always had available. After I opened the bottle, something caught my eye. 

On the north portion of the road coming from the direction of the storage building, was what appeared to be a military-like tank (with its treads covering the entire road). It was totally flat on top (no turret). First, there were no such vehicles on our base. Secondly, it glowed a pale bluish-white , and was extremely bright.. I immediately called out to every one to look, pointing at the vehicle. Needless to say everyone looked and we were literally in awe at what we were seeing. When the "tank" got to the edge of the road, where it turned to the east , it stopped. and slowly hovered over the water of the swamp, where it changed its shape, into an unusual saucer shape, but totally unusual; it took on a shape that I would describe as a "potato chip". By that I mean its "wings" turned upward, and its tail and nose downward, very similar to the shape of a potato chip! It had no openings, windows or other protrusions other than it was very thick in the center, as if to have maybe two or three internal levels. It had no markings that I could see but it did have one heck of a bright (white) light on the bottom-center of it. 

The craft began moving toward the main tower, drifting over the water at maybe ten feet altitude, at best, at about maybe five or ten miles per hour (I could only guess). It was approximately 3/4 of a mile from where we first saw it, to the tower. When it was about 100 feet or so from the tower, it turned so that the bottom of the vehicle was facing us and rose to the level of the tower, where we were all watching, scaring all of us. We were all panicky as this beast "stared at us". I estimate it to have been about 50-to-75 feet in diameter, at least the size of the tower office. It turned on its light that practically blinded us all, for about what seemed like a few minutes. This part continued below. 

The craft shut off the light and turned to a level position, and instantly moved to the east tower. Its speed was unbelievable. It was literally instant!. It did the same thing to the east tower, and then went to the south tower. We all watched this going on, and discussed what we saw, totally confused. Suddenly, the craft turned vertical and took off at an outrageous speed, straight up, disappearing from our line of sight, straight up, within less than ... seconds. It took off east directly over the Pamlico Sound toward the Atlantic.

At that point, the phone rang, shocking us back to reality. It was senior chief petty officer, who was livid because no on answered the phone. He said he had been calling since 11:00 PM. We all looked up the wall clock, which read 12:50 AM, a variation of more than two hours since the incident happened. Those of us who had wristwatches compared time... everyone had a different time, varying upward of 20 minutes to over an hour. This royally spooked all of us!

At that point in time, the commander of the base drove up in a military truck, and climbed the stairs to the tower. He was extremely peeved, and curse all of us out for our lack of responding to his calls. When we told him of our experience, he made phone call and within a matter of maybe a minute, four AF jests passed over the range, heading east, with full afterburners on, heading the direction of the saucer. We also found out that two carriers at sea, launched air craft, after the saucer. In our minds, it had only been maybe a minute that the saucer left us.

The commander ordered the towers to be closed down, and he took us all (all three towers)back to the main barracks, where we were ordered to report to the galley. No one was allowed to leave the room, except to the toilet, with an armed guard. 

Since no police (MP's) were assigned to our base, I have no idea where they came from. There was an entire company of ARMY MP's present, blocking our barracks and several other areas. Sitting across the highway, about 100 feet from the galley was a very large helicopter, and two smaller choppers.

In all there were about 20 of us who witnessed the event. All were present in the galley. We sat there from about 1 AM til the sun rose, not allowed to sleep, or leave the area. Each of us called into a room, which had no windows and interrogated by two men. One was in a suit and never spoke. The other was an AF lieutenant colonel. Sometime around 8AM, we were all ushered to the helicopters, and taken to Seamore-Johnson AFB, where we were interrogated as if we were terrorists. 

We were held totally incommunicado, for almost ten days, when I was singled out and sent back to my parent command, at NAS Oceana. There, I was taken in handcuffs to my barracks, to pack all my gear, and sent to San Diego, in a small business jet, with a guard. There, I was reassigned to "garbage duty" (which is to say, a job no one wanted). A few months later, I was sent to Vietnam. 

This was extremely hard on me, because I was a 20 year old newly weed, forced to leave my wife with her family in Virginia. Once in San Diego, she flew out to meet me, and would not believe that I was being guarded like common criminal. I was ordered to speak to no one about the situation, even her. She didn't believe me, thinking I was having an affair, which almost led to a divorce. Thankfully we worked it out.

In Vietnam (on the battlefield!), I was met at our HQ by two men in business suits, who took me aside, and warned me in no uncertain terms that if I made mention of the incident (which was now almost a year behind me), I would be immediately transferred to Fort Leavenworth. Suffice it to say, they scared the hell out of me. 

Needless to say, almost fifty years has past me by. I'm now close to 70, and in poor health. What's the Navy gonna do now? Put me in jail and pay for all of my medical care? I doubt it seriously.

Now back to the situation at the tower.

The following happened that changed me forever. It took me years to sort it out and attempt to make sense of .. so much so, that I ended up with some very strange mental problems, which I could not, nor dare share with a professional. I seen in my mind scenes which did not make any sense. There nights I would go outside in the yard away from my wife, and cry like a baby. I had night sweats for years, until it all began to make some sense, roughly 30 years after the fact. Let me attempt to explain.

When the saucer turned it light on, nothing seemed to change for me. I remembered nothing, and yet, something happened I cannot explain. In a dream some few weeks later, I remember seeing a "room" with the brightness of stainless steel, which appeared to be an operating room. I was standing near the table, and heard a voice say "Not him!" twice. Then I found myself back at the tower. 

I sat on the floor shaking my entire body, and then woke from my dream. In the dream , I never saw any occupants, nor the one who said the statement. It freaked me out for the longest time, not knowing or understanding what was meant. Was it real, or my imagination? I never understood.

Apparently something about me was not accepted by whomever it was, that had brought me to this place. What if I had been accepted? Would I have undergone prodding and poking as other have reported? Was I aboard that vessel, or maybe a mother-ship? I still don't know, but have wondered for more than 48 years.

While in Vietnam, I came in contact with one of my former shipmates who had also been in one of the towers. He turned out to be an alcoholic, who stayed drunk as often as he could, and admitted that he was trying to forget the incident.. he suffered some terrific nightmares, and was extremely paranoid.  

We talked some, before his guard came and got him, and left the area. He mentioned that all of the men in Stumpy Point had moved out and sent to locations all over the world. Stumpy Point base was apparently closed for aa while, and then reopened when the Vietnam wor hit its apex, sometime around 1969. END
==========================================================================
