{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-28 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491713","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67844","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8468,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/713/mufon-5491713.json","updb_database_id":5491713}
{dr}Extremely bright white light turned on hovering in front of me and elderly mom. Moved forward silently blinking 3 times, disappeared. two balls of light appeared on porch before main bright light appeared in the sky.

For the past several months, I have been going out to my porch to smoke, instead of the inside of house. While outside, I stargaze and look at the sky. My porch is a second story balcony that is roofed, with a lip across the top, to hang plants or birdfeeders. It faces due North.I sit in a rocker to smoke, sometimes for 30-45 minutes at a time.During the several months prior to my weird experience, I noticed that there was a light far away star at about ten o'clock to where I sat and above the tree line a good distance. It was a very small feint star that would move towards the horizon, the later it was in the evening, until it disappeared behind the tree line. At least four times, during my several months, I would see a single pinpoint light flash right by that star. It would blink brightly, once and then twice, a couple of times that I saw it. I thought at first that I was seeing things until I purposely watched that star. Between 9-11pm timeframe, I would catch it flash at the same place, once, sometimes twice, then wouldn't flash again. I thought this was odd, but didn't think it was anything extraordinary. My 71 year old mother sits in her recliner beside the glass doors that lead to my porch where I smoke. One night I asked my mom to come and see if it would light again, because I would see it out of the corner of my eye, flash. She came out and did, indeed, see it flash once. She made a little fun of me "watching for the aliens". I passed this off and kept going out nightly for my smoke and stargaze. I have no idea if my experience and my mom's experience on June 28, 2015, had anything to do with this. I just felt that it was odd, as the light flashed at the same place, when I would catch it blink, and then go out or blink once more, maybe a couple of minutes later. It wouldn't move like a plane on a path, or blink consistently like a tower. The star was too high to b close to a tower, anyway.
On the night of June 28, 2015, around 10-11:30 pm, I was outside smoking. My mom was in her chair and the glass door to the patio was open so we could talk to eachother thru the open door and we could see eachother through the glass separating the patio. I was rocking in my chair and saw a light, the size of a grapefruit appear on the top ledge where the plant hooks are. It was confusing to me, because it was a definite shaped light, like a flashlight beam, but could have only come from inside the apartment, due to the angle of the light. I said to my mom, You're going to think I'm crazy, but I just saw a round light on the plant hook up there". I then looked around to her, through the glass. She got wide eyed stating that she just witnessed the light flash after I said that I saw it. She said it was round and "about this big", making a round circle with both hands, about the size of a grapefruit too. She said "really, I just saw it too, it was right up there over the hook". I started to look into the apartment for anything that could have caused a reflective light. Due to the lip of the edge of the roof, coming down, there is no physical way that the light originated from anywhere but inside the house and uphigh. The porch, because it was night, was dark enough, even with the curtains open, to see the light very clearly, as a separate light source from any other light that we had. At that point, my mom got out of her chair. She stepped outside on the deck and we were both standing with our arms on the railing, looking out at the stars, when an extremely bright white light came on, like someone had flipped a switch. It was about 45 degrees.....I'm doing an educated guess because I'm not that good at degrees.....It was a good ways above the tree line but not looking straight up. It was about half way between looking straight up in the sky, and the tree line. This bright white solid, unblinking light, just appeared from nowhere, not a sound. It was like a spotlight on a helicopter, but there was no craft, just the solid circle of bright light. While I was seeing it, it seemed like it was much closer than it had to have been. The light was high up, but the light seemed close to us. I know it sounds odd and I don't understand this myself. It had to have been up at least helicopter level, because I could see an object the second time it flashed.... I will get to that momentarily. What I'm saying is that it was up pretty high, but seemed to be much closer to us. We both had an odd feeling after the sighting, which I will explain as best as possible, later. The first very bright light came on, silently, and stayed on for about five seconds....It seemed longer than that....then the light went completely out. It flashed on again, once and very bright, about a quarter the way across the sky. The night was very clear, so It didn't go behind a cloud. The second time it came on, it stayed on for 4 seconds , no sound. When it flashed off, I saw a dark object that looked like a cigar. It was a split second that I saw it and it was then gone and lighting up at theanother point straight ahead, continuing to go east, in a straight line. When it lit up, it seemed to be stationary. It lit up the second time going east, it went out and I saw a cigar shaped object.....then it lit up in the next point, going east....about the same distance from the first blink to the second and from the second to the third. The third time it lit up, silently and stationary, it looked as if whatever it was, was lit up from the inside. It looked just like seeing a car door opened at night, with the interior light on.....not the shape, just the lighting tone. It was far enough that I didn't see a craft, but saw what looked like the inside of a craft lit up, dimly. It lasted from 4-5 seconds and then was gone. Both my mom and I were quite confused at what we had just seen. There was no sound, three times of lighting up, with the third being dimmer and from the inside, then it was gone. We both agreed that that was something that we had never seen before and we were both a little confused. Shortly thereafter, an extremely low plane, of which I had not seen before in the sky, went over our apartments from southwest to northeast, the same direction as the flashing cigar. The plane was very loud and had three rows of lights on its belly, with the middle row of lights being much longer than the ones beside it.....like the long row of lights were along the tail to the nose and a row of lights on each side starting at the same point at the tail, but only going half way up the longer body line of lights. We had never seen a plane go so low over us and the belly was lit so bright with three lines of lights. I am not sure how long it was after the flashing lights disappeared, until the loud plane came over. It had to have been within 20 minutes, because we didn't stay out that much longer on the deck, after the flashing lights. We came in and went to our own rooms. About an hour later, I asked my mom "Ok, don't laugh at me when I ask, but did you get the feeling that whatever that was, wanted us to see it and was aware of us?" She replied that indeed she had the same feeling. It was as if the lights were high in the sky, but much closer to us. I'm sorry for this weird feeling. I'm not a crazy person and I've never had any experience before. In hindsight, it felt as if whatever it was wanted my mom and I to see them. I have sat outside, every night since, but have seen nothing. There are lots of planes that go over. You can hear them and see their red and white lights blinking, near and far. This was no plane. It was very very bright, silent and fast.
