{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-12 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520713","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35811","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2788,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/713/mufon-5520713.json","updb_database_id":5520713}
Seen 2 multi-colored UFOs over Coopersville Michigan

My friend and I and his son was leaving Cedar Springs Sunday Night about 8:30pm on 2/12/12. I was passenger so I was looking around the sky in the direction West of 131. as we turned onto 1-96 We watched 2 bright objects very low in the sky the one towards the North was higher and they were changing lights of Blue, Green, Yellow,Red and White. All the way home my instincts said go to Coopersville, Michigan but we went to Grand Haven Michigan hoping we could get a better view from the lake. When we got there we didn't see it so we headed back towards the East Down Lake Michigan Dr. and seen it over Coopersville. at that point we could only see the one towards the North. About 10:30pm We didn't have to be convinced so we went home. I looked on the internet and there were no reports for the area.

The feelings were exciting. All of us were tired after we ate but got energy when we seen the lights. I asked the driver to keep driving but didn't listen to my instincts I wasnt happy about that. None the less after driving for nearly 2hrs we didn't act out my plan

I have been looking in sky for signs and have believed in UFOs since I was young. In 1978 I had a personal encounter and seen the same lights circling my bedroom in a solid beam of lighted colors .and it wasnt flashing! the blocks that were on my wall were approx. 1 foot in diameter with a thin black line to separate the colors. It lasted for several minutes and imagined they were sitting right in the middle of a cross road. I was afraid to look out the window cause I thought I might have been beamed up, but at that time I heard the sound of their space craft it was the same sound that came out of "LOST IN SPACE". I asked for them to appear to me and they did but chickened out when it happened. 

The next day there were several hundred phone calls that came into the radio station. I also talked to one of the woman that I worked with the next day and she said her son seen a UFO in Wyoming Michigan and was wondering if she should believe him or not. I told her yes believe him but didn't tell her my story. She looked very surprise that I said that.
