{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-09-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492713","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66814","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2710,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/713/mufon-5492713.json","updb_database_id":5492713}
{rjl} hovered right above the trees and stared me down-elec off-time passed-it became invisiable

coming home from work at 12:15 midnight I thought I saw a small plane that was too close and might crash. I pulled over and put my car in park and the lights dimmed enough for me to see it was no plane and there was no sound. it was a UFO. people were talking a lot about this in the 60's and I thought for sure I was going to be 'beamed up'. I saw little windows on the top part around the whole disk but nothing in there. I put my head on the steering wheel to cry because I would not see my baby again. all street lights and my car engine was shut off and that made the UFO seem more pronounced. as I waited for the 'beam' time passed --I don't know how much.  then all the lights and my car came back on and I turned my head to look out the window very thankful I was still in the car, and they just looked at me for what seemed like 5 minutes, then they just disappeared right before my eyes. they did not lift up or move, just disappeared. I was 2 or 3 blocks from home where we lived with my parents and I hurried on home to tell my mom what I saw. I was very excited and told it over and over. years later I would remember she too was upset and excited and had rambled on about how late I was and how worried she had been. unfortunately by the time that memory hit me, she had passed away. I have since been tracked and have seen them in there 'gray' state. they love the dark because they just barely look different from black, but they do look different. privately I have much more to say.  after I went back to work I told everyone, no one believed me. I recounted this sighting for 3 days and nights. finally I gave up and kept it to myself until way into my 30's and then I told a few close friends. now years later I will tell anyone interested and esp. since your show has come on. the whole thing was more of a sad feeling than terror because I felt like this was the end of my being with my family. some people still don't believe me but now I don't care. its proven and I'm not alone. thank you for that.
