{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-11 01:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482713","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77261","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3750,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/713/mufon-5482713.json","updb_database_id":5482713}
Numerous UFO's around Sun during Mid -late June 2016. Dubbed 'Blackberries' due to appearance.

Hi

I have been observing and recording the above from data transmitted by the SOHO satellite since about 10-11 June 2016.

It would surprise me if you had not had any similar reports for they have been most common. 

It is probably best that I simply send you the images and let you analyse them, but i'll make some comments as follows:

For convenience, and utilising my own terms of reference I have dubbed them 'Blackberries', but they are are certainly otherwise unrelated to any fruit and are in fact thoroughly alien, and somewhat disquieting due to their number, size and overall 'alien' presentation and behaviour.

They are likely enormous, using the Sun as a comparison scale.

Material unknown, purpose unknown.

Each has at least one powerfull light source emanating from its centre. The light varies in its characteristics and intensity.

Over the course of several weeks I have seen many variations in presentation of these 'craft-entities'. 

They vary from several joined up together with their lights making a line, to single objects with a single light carrying a bunch of 'balls' which is the most common manifestation.

The balls seem to be able to change shape. They remind me of the matal mercury but this is just an initial impression.

I have pictorial evidence of these craft on occasion alighting on or near the surface of the Sun and ejecting-depositing several balls over the Suns surface, and certain images indicating that these 'balls' then sink into the Sun... for whatever reason.

I have accumulated a virtual library of evidence based on my observations in recent weeks, but will include the choicest shots which can hopefully give credence to my aforementioned descriptions.

I feel this information is highly significant (for mankind) in that it portrays ET activity around our Sun on an enormous and continuing scale.

Of course, one wonders how come nowone else seems to be noticing or commenting on all this... Why?

The significance of what I am reporting can not be underestimated, assuming that the images have not been manipulated prior to release by NASA (for whatever reason).

Kind Regards
Your Witness
