{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-31 23:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521713","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34516","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3496,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/713/mufon-5521713.json","updb_database_id":5521713}
3 orange globes appeared straight line from north, hovered in triangle formation, one by one rapidly headed south, disappeared

DUCK, NC (Currituck County, OBX NC approximately 1 mile north of Army Corps of Engineers Pier)
Sitting on 3rd floor deck at beach house in Duck NC prior to NYE celebration looking up at a very clear night sky stargazing...three identical very bright red orange orbs appeared slowly from North sky in a straight line formation at 11:22 p.m. Dec 31, 2011. In the night sky they appeared very close, but don't know how many feet away they might be or how large they might be. Our first reaction was "What is THAT???" Did not have a clue as to what we might be seeing other than maybe fireworks, but there was no sound, smoke trails or any sign of gravity and the orbs were bigger and brighter than anything witnessed in the night sky in the 30 plus years we have been coming down here to the beach. The 3 orbs made a triangle formation directly in front of 5 of us and hovered approximately 2-3 minutes. Almost like a light show. All 5 of us just stood staring at the orb formation and saying "Wow, oh wow, unbelievable, freaky, how cool, this is really just incredible." Bottom right orb started slowly fading rapidly and going out in to night sky southward, then dissappeared from view. The other 2 remaining orbs followed in the same southerly direction one behind the other disappearing to the southern sky. Not falling, just going out into the night sky. We were all pretty amazed and freaked out at what we had witnessed and kept asking one another what each had seen in the sky to make sure we were all witnessing the same event. After ringing in the New Year we went back out on the deck to get a breath of air and at approx. 12:15 1/1/2012 two red orange orbs appeared in the Northern sky. These did not appear to be as close as the first sightings were. They hovered approx 1 minute and then one started rapidly disappearing into the northern sky and the other in to the northwest sky. We all felt pretty comfortable seeing them on the second sighting, and were somewhat disappointed that they disappeared so quickly. Still don't know how to describe the phenomena. None of us are UFO buffs and we never really discuss UFOs, but we all felt pretty privledged to have witnessed what we felt like was a genuine UFO sighting. We called the local news channel 1/1/2011, but they said they had no clue of what we had witnessed, nor did they have any information concerning the sightings. We checked the internet by looking for "strange or unusual lights in night sky in North Carloina 12/31/2011" and found that many people had seen the red orange orbs displaying similar characteristics and actions that we had witnessed, all over the USA and Canada on 12/31/2011 and in to 1/1/2011. Many had digital images showing the same type of orbs we had witnessed here at Duck.
