{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505713","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53130","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3709,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/713/mufon-5505713.json","updb_database_id":5505713}
{rjl} Went outside just after midnight Person pointed to red lights in the northern sky They were in a vertical lin formation Blinked out beginng with bottom one Once there was one left another would appear to the left and split into two and did more.....

On New Years Eve I was at Spanish Fork, Utah just outside Spanish Fork Canyon west of the golf course celebrating the New Year at a friends house. Shortly after midnight I went outside the front door which faces north. One friend was out there with his wife and some of the children. I looked at the direction they were staring and say multiple red starlike objects in the northern horizon. I saw there were at least 4 of them that were spaced out evenly and seemd to form and vertictal line. They were reddish orange and I saw their glow begin to fade out starting with the bottom one working its way up until there was only one left. When this happened another would appear to the bottom right. As it started to drift upward, it would split into two and both lights would rise together. This pattern repeated itself 2-3 times. Once, the lights ran out and one object appeared which split into 3 lights. The lights arranged themselves so that they formed a triangle. I went and got the rest of the people there that night. They saw all of this happened. But most of them ridiculed me and said it was fireworks. I have never seen fireworks randomly appear in the sky and appear to fly/hover and arrange themselves into triangles while not falling back down. I stayed out there and lights continued to flash in the northern horizon but also began to appear in the eastern sky but much bigger appearing to be much closer. Only one object at a time appeared in the eastern sky. These would fly in a southern direction emitting no sound and blink out soon after. Finally the lights started appearing. I went back inside but after 20 mins I felt a strong urge to return. I went back outside and saw nothing for a few minutes. When I was about to go back in I saw one much closer than the ones before. This one was in the eastern sky again but I could see a little more detail. There was a solid red light. Above it I could see like a red-orange mist and it look like it was being emitted form the solid red light. Maybe like a flame. No sound. This one hovered southeast towards the windmills at the mouth of Spanish Fork Canyon. As it flew away, the solid red light at the bottom began to fade out and did. But the misty part on top was still there except it changed to the shape of a sphere. It went farther and farther away until I could no longer see it. Throughout the whole thing I tried to take videos or pictures. But through the camera I could only see one object at a time with very poor detail so I decided it would not be worth taking pictures or videos. I took one picture but it showed nothing but black sky. My son actually came out while the last one was hovering and started crying after seeing my reaction to it and I held him and we watched it disappear together. I know there is no physical evidence. I just wanted to share my experience. Thank you.
