{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-01-01 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496713","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62676","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3350,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/713/mufon-5496713.json","updb_database_id":5496713}
{cak} Bright star-like objects moving and interacting in the sky, hovering, changing direction and moving at great speeds with no sound.

It was winter in the early 70s in the U.P. of Michigan. That evening a number of us neighborhood kids - ages ranging approximately 6 to 11yrs - were out playing in the snow after dark. It was a clear night and one or some of us happened to be looking up at the night sky. This in itself was not unusual as the night sky there was and still is great for star gazing. We (I don't recall who noticed it first, but myself included) noticed what we kids called a shooting star or satellite overhead moving in an east-west direction (east to west or west to ease I don't recall)across the night sky. The object appeared as a bright white star, roughly the same size and brightness as the more prominent stars in the sky. Because it traveled across the night sky with uniform speed and direction, we kids believed it to be a man-made satellite orbiting the earth, something which we had seen many times, and something which it may have been. We didn't think too much about it until, just as the first object was about to disappear from our sight over the horizon, a second object, identical to the first, appeared from the horizon in the general vicinity of the first, and moved across the sky in the opposite direction towards us. This second "satellite" moved across the sky much the same as the first, and, unusual as it seemed to see two satellites appear so close to each other, we still did not make too much of this as we assumed the objects to be man-made satellites. However, as the second star-like object approached its zenith it slowed down and stopped near a pair of "stars" directly overhead. The three objects, bright white and approximately equal in intensity, together formed roughly an equilateral triangle and remained stationary for approximately two to three seconds. Then one of the points of the triangle moved slowly but deliberately counter-clockwise around the other two and then traveled off to the west, slowly at first and then very quickly, eventually disappearing on the horizon. As we were all interested in watching this third object until it disappeared, in hindsight we did not take notice of what happened to the other two objects that were still parked directly overhead (one of which in hindsight may have been in incidental star). We amused ourselves for a short while over the event, but made little to no mention of it after that evening. Nor to my knowledge did we ever tell our parents or any other adult. It wasn't until recent years I brought up the event as a childhood recollection.
