{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1998-04-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5182507","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"aicph2","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5182507,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
UFOs sighted at sub base and nuc storage facilityNuclear Connection Project
NCP
Established, July 1, 2003

UFO OBSERVED OVER SUBMARINE BASE AND
NUCLEAR WEAPONS FACILITY
April 22, 1998

Synopsis: From between approximately 2120 hrs. and
2130 hrs. (Pacific Daylight Time), one or more objects, variously
described as a blue-green sphere, an oval of blue-green light, or a
disc with six lights on it, was reported from multiple points
throughout western Washington State. The object was reported to
change direction of flight on at least three occasions, to execute a
rolling maneuver on at least one occasion, to come to an almost
complete stop in two locations, to reverse its general course of travel
from south to north, and to change its appearance, including its color,
on at least two occasions. One reliable observer witnessed the
object to pass slowly over the center of Bangor Submarine Base on Hood
Canal, approximately 20-30 miles to the west of Seattle, passing
directly over the underground bunkers where nuclear weapons are thought
to be stored. In excess of a dozen seemingly independent and
reliable reports regarding the alleged sightings were received by the
National UFO Reporting Center between April 22 and May 11.
Summary of Witness Reports:
1. Snohomish County, WA: A 16-yr. old male and his
mother, located approximately 15-20 miles north of Seattle, witnessed a
blue-green object suddenly descend from the sky, hover, and then
accelerate to the south-southwest and disappear in that direction at
approximately 2120 hrs. (PDT).
2. Poulsbo, WA: Larry Swanson, a former federal employee
and computer specialist, who resides approximately ¼ mile from
the northeast corner of the Bangor Submarine Base, allegedly witnessed
a brightly lighted, disc-shaped object glide silently over the center
of that military facility at approximately 2122 hrs.. The object
tilted somewhat, so the witness was able to see the ventral side of the
object quite clearly, he reports. A computer-generated graphic,
provided by the witness, is shown above.
3. Auburn, WA: A man out walking his dog witnessed a
perfectly circular, blue-green ball of light descend from north to
south in the western sky at 2120 hrs. at a very high velocity.
4. Puyallup, WA: A man driving to work witnessed a
striking blue-green ball of light descending at a 30-35 degree angle
from north to south in the western sky at a very high velocity.
5. Shelton, WA: A young father witnessed a blue-green
ball of light streak across the sky to the west of his location.
6. Oakville, WA: A mother and her two sons, driving west
on State Route 12, located to the west of Interstate 5, witnessed a
“disc shaped” object, imbedded in a cloud of blue-green light, streak
from north to south in the western sky. The object appeared to
“follow the contour” of the horizon, dipping down suddenly, and then
rising up again during its rapid flight to the south. The object
was reported to generate a peculiar “tail,” which streamed off the aft
end of the object for a fleeting instant. All three witnesses
believed they observed three lights on the top of the disc, and three
lights on its ventral side, as well.
7. Steilacoom, WA: A woman witnessed a blue-green ball
of light streak from north to south in the western sky at 2123 hrs..
8. Vancouver, WA: A husband and wife witnessed a
blue-green ball of light move slowly from north to south in the western
sky. Very peculiar appearance to the object, they reported, with
a peculiar looking “mist” surrounding the object.
9. Portland, OR: A young musician witnessed a blue-green
ball of light move from west to east in the northern sky from his
vantage point in the city of Portland, OR.
10. Vancouver, WA: A male Ph.D. in computer science,
driving north on Interstate 5 witnessed a blue-green ball of light,
that seemed to him to descend vertically ahead of his automobile and
hover momentarily above the highway. The witness added that he
had experienced some very unusual emotional reactions to the event.
11. Yakima, WA: A law enforcement officer witnessed a
blue-green ball of light moving at a very high velocity from south to
north for approximately 2 seconds. During his sighting, the
object suddenly changed its color from green to red. The sighting
occurred at 2130 hrs., the witness thought.

The Nuclear Connection
