{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-11-15 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492279","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67273","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7408,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/279/mufon-5492279.json","updb_database_id":5492279}
{dr}Black Triangle Craft, 100-150' altitude, moving slow. I followed it 5 or 6 miles.

June 30, 2015

This is an historical report of a structured craft of the 1black triangle1 sort.

It was observed in the late Fall of 1976.
Lighting conditions:  Approaching dusk, but not yet dark enough to see stars.
Weather: C A V U, no cloud cover.
Optics used: 7 X 50 Nikon binoculars, and naked eye.
Distance to object: As close as 100 - 125 feet.
Number of observers: Two
Observer ages: 28 and 30 years of age at the time.  67 and 69 now.
Relationship of observers: Married 9 years then, 48 years now.
Occupations: A middle school teacher, and an Electrical Designer / Draftsman.
Prior UFO observations: None    
Subsequent UFO observations: None
Previous interest in UFO1s:  Not much.  
Physiological after-effects:  None.

Observation events and timeline:
On the observation maps, the craft path is marked in red, and the observers1 path is in blue.
Note: These Google Earth images were made some 39 years after the observation. Most of the commercial and residential development seen in these photos did not exist at the time. The homes on the Brownwood peninsula were destroyed by hurricane Alicia in 1983.  Brownwood is now deserted, with only nature trails and a wildlife habitat.

1	We walked out to the mailbox together. We noticed the craft when it directly overflew us at an altitude of 100-125 feet, moving generally north very slowly, probably less than 10 miles per hour. (See map 1 UFO Noticed)  There was a slight sound, like exhaling gently through pursed lips. (Not a whistle, just a sound of air in motion). 
1	We immediately jumped in the 4WD pickup, and began to follow the craft northward, across the Brownwood peninsula subdivision.
1	The craft crossed the shoreline at the south end of Burnet Bay. It proceeded about 75-100 yards offshore, turned slightly eastward, and stopped. (See map - observation 2)
1	The craft remained stationary for about ten minutes, slightly 1bobbling1 as if floating. It did not change heading or altitude. Our viewpoint was from the right-rear of the craft. We both exited our truck and observed it through 7 x 50 binoculars. We had no camera.
1	We remained there until the craft started moving northward across Burnet bay, then we gave chase again.  We drove to Bayway drive and turned north.  Decker Drive, (now spur 330) was under construction. There was a huge mound of dirt for an overpass foundation. I drove my 4WD up on top of the mound. (See map 1 Observation 3)
1	We observed the craft cross the Decker Drive right-of-way about 1 mile west of us, still at very low altitude, moving less than ten miles per hour.
1	We spun the truck around and went down the dirt mound, back onto Bayway drive, and turned north.  The street name changes from Bayway Drive to Thompson Road as it crosses Cedar Bayou 1 Lynchburg Road.  
1	Moving north on Thompson road, just before passing under Interstate 10, we observed the craft moving northward, about 1 mile west of us, still very low and slow.         (See map 1 Observation 4)
1	We raced north on Thompson Road to get ahead of the craft, then turned west onto Jones Road. We saw the craft coming, and stopped directly in its path.  
1	The craft directly overflew us at an altitude of 100-125 feet, about three times as high as the telephone poles.  It was not yet dark, but I turned on my truck spotlight, and directed the beam onto the bottom of the craft, more to elicit some sort of response, rather than to see with. (See map 1 Observation 5)
1	In the bright light, we both observed centerline bay doors on the bottom of the craft. Possibly for landing gear or weapons.  (See Drawing for details)
1	After the overflight, the craft banked slightly, turning more toward the east. We turned around, and raced back to Thompson Road. We turned north, and raced to East Houston Street, and proceeded to the dead end. (See map 1 Observation 6)  
1	There we observed the craft cross the south shoreline of the Highlands Reservoir, and proceed northeast out of sight beyond the levee.  (See map 1 UFO Vanished)  
1	We lost sight of the craft, and had no path to get ahead of it, so we returned home. 

End of Observation.
Duration: Approximately 45 minutes. 

Post observation discussion and retrospection:
We could not come up with an apt term to describe the color of the craft1s marker lights. There were three dim lights, one at each corner of the triangular shape, about as bright as 25 watt bulbs.  The color was 1pinkish-Orange1.  There were no other lights at any time. The 1marker1 lights remained lighted during the entire observation. The lights were integral with the craft, and not 1attached1 to it.

The plan shape was an isosceles triangle, about 40 feet wide, and 80 feet long.
The cross section was a flattened diamond shape. The rear was 40 feet wide, and 10 feet high at the middle. This shape tapered to a point at the front end. The external surfaces were planar, with no curved surfaces on the outside. All edges appeared to be sharp.

There was no discernable cockpit or control point.  There were possibly grilled openings at the rear of the craft.  There were at least two centerline bays along the bottom of the craft.  We observed no windows, camera ports, antennas, external attachment points etc. We observed NO numbers or other markings on the craft.

Due to our relative positions, we could not observe the top aspect of the craft.  When viewed from the side, we were too far away to see any detail.

The craft was flat black, with the appearance of the 1ironball1 paint used on the SR-71.
The thought came to mind:  1Lockheed Skunkworks 1 Kelly Johnson1.

Observers1 impression:  
We saw a US Military stealth intruder craft being tested.
