{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-03-18 21:48:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477279","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82881","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3383,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/279/mufon-5477279.json","updb_database_id":5477279}
{jpg} driving on I-94 south and saw a flash of light

On march 18th I was driving on interstate 94 south headed toward the cities. I entered I-94 from the Hwy 23 entrance on the far west side of St. Cloud. I passed an accident in the median of the road shortly after entering I-94.
I should add, the purpose of this trip was to attend a Sunday event with a friend. I decided to drive down early so as not have to drive so much on Sunday. And I needed to return Sunday pm so I could fill my volunteer position on monday. 
After passing the accident and driving a while I noticed a bright flash of light to the south/south west of I-94. It appeared high up as bright orange/yellow flash, then dropped to tree top level and The light shrunk in size to that of a very bright star. I mentally noted the time on my vehicle as being 9:48pm. 
The light seemed to fade out and I figured it was nothing. A few miles later it reappeared at tree top level and continued. It appeared to be several miles away, 10 at least. Though I am not good at judging night distance in the sky.
I then noticed that I missed my exit: 139 and kept driving and watching the light. I began to watch for a place to pull off and view the light and finally gave up and called my friend to see if he could use his phone to verify if there as a star or a flight in that direction. He was also driving on I-94 headed north to go home and was unable to check for me at the time.
I described to him what I saw and he dismissed it as a plane. 
I told him what time I saw the bright light and he commented to me that it was now 10:45pm. Nearly 11:00pm. And that I had been watching the light for over an hour if I saw it at 9:48pm.
I found an exit and pulled off in an office building parking lot and watched the object move from left to right at tree top level. 
I quickly tried to relay to my friend where I was at and then hung up and kept driving, trying to keep a visual on the light. 
I finally stopped south of ???? and turned around. I pulled in a Taco Bell parking lot near the freeway and waited for my friend to arrive. 
He arrived within minutes of me stopping at the Taco Bell parking lot and I repeated all the information to him. He didn't seem to believe me, still calling it a plane. But the time seemed to not add up.
He did check a few star positions out with his phone and I pointed out a star with the same brightness as what I had seen.
Later that night my friend asked me to leave in the morning, the relationship was over.
I am still not sure what happened that night as I was driving, but something did. The time still doesn't add up in my mind. It should have been closer to midnight, or perhaps I was tired and misjudged the time.  I don't have any further memory at this time of the incident.
