{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-11-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463279","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97672","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3953,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/279/mufon-5463279.json","updb_database_id":5463279}
{cak} Hover and signal, while exploring/defending ets made appearances around the signaling craft.

I have been conducting CE5 for almost 2 years now, this is my second time with this specific craft and her crew. The craft is conscious, the crew where friendly and safe. They communicate with me telepathically. They can read your mind and know your intentions,they can see your memories. That being said, it1s stupid to keep secrets from them, they know us far better than we humans know ourselves, they have seen us grow as a species. They hate racism as much as I do, if you are a bigot, or if you don1t like the idea of other intelligent people (not human) exist, then they won1t bother with you at all. 

They can emit emotions with their technology, they give off the feeling of love, the kind of love a parent gives their children. In the videos you will see the craft pulsing upon my request (the craft is miles in the air) and I1m talking for the sake of using the camera but they are connected to my consciousness. In the one minute long video there are 3 crafts. One which was communicating with me and they have a security detachment of 2 craft (that I can tell) 

We have been shooting them out of the sky since the 1940s using scalar weapons.(they don1t like that at all) since I have a history of military service, they where just being safe because others in the past (corporate military) try to exploit them and have Tried to kill or capture them and have succeeded in some cases.

This is just as scary to them, than it is for us. Our governments have been attacking them to gain the technologies. So this ce5 approach is a mutually peaceful way of having disclosed without having to start a war. They have the abilities to not only kick our asses but they could just had wiped the human population out back at the height of when we were shooting down sovereign crafts that where either just observing or passing through. 

For the sake of universal peace and universal prosperity, people like me are doing everything we can to open dialogue with the many other intelligent civilizations out there. I will continue to report and record more events to come, if there is a group of bad ET (haven1t met any) I and people like me want to meet them first so we can identify who1s who. 

Our governments have made alien reproduction vehicles and have created programsed life forms. They spread fear by implanting devices in people and 1abduct people1 so that we fear now and they can build up that same fear to enact a false alien invasion. So that we blindly trust the military to get us out of the predicament and henceforth surrender complete control of humanity to the greedy power hungry assholes working in the shadows.
