{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493279","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66239","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3011,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/279/mufon-5493279.json","updb_database_id":5493279}
Noticed red/orange fireball-like orb at town limits. Decended for a moment below the treeline. Then ascended and started moving slowly. I pursued it. I got below, it moved away, ascended higher into clouds. No sounds

11:00pm June 5, 2015. I was parked on the main street of Tottenham facing south. I had just left a convenience store. Did not notice the object when I arrived. I got back into my jeep, lit a cigarette and as I was starting my engine I noticed a large, bright, pulsating, red/orange fireball-like light very low in the sky in the near distance. It appeared to be just on the edge of the town limits above the treeline. It appeared to be stationary. I watched it to see if it was moving but it was not. I had no idea what the object was. I was thinking Chinese lantern at first, but it did not appear to be floating in any direction. I could not take my eyes off of it as I was completely perplexed as to what it could be. After a moment in decended below the treeline, that is when I thought perhaps someone strangely was flying a drone. I could not see if it landed at all. I was about to pull away thinking it was someone playing a prank with a drone. (we are a pretty small town and I have never witnessed a drone in our area) All of a sudden it ascended above the treeline again but was more to the right of its oringinal sighting, then it just stopped. My curiosity could ot take it anymore, so i decided to pursue it. I drove to where it appeared to be hovering. Stopped my vehicle, got partway out and looked up at it above me. It began to ascend higher and move southwesterly. I still could not make out any distinct shape. It did not have any sound coming from it. I was pointing and yelling "look", trying to get passing traffic (2 cars) to notice it. It appeared to moved smoothly and on a straight path, as it was climbing higher into the night sky. Almost like it knew I was pursuing it. I followed it for about 1/2 a km out of town and lost it in low lying clouds. I drove up the road a bit further to see if I could see it come out again. I parked, got out, and scanned the sky. I gave up after about 5 minutes and drove back to town to tell my friends who had been waiting for me to arrive. I was obviously freaked out and over excitied when I relayed my experience to them. I have been thinking about it for days now, so I decided to report my experience to see if it helps me calm down.
