{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-06 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524279","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31591","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3639,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/279/mufon-5524279.json","updb_database_id":5524279}
An entire fleet of UFO's moved along the coastline from North to South

I returned home from the airport after a trip to Johannesburg. I let my dog out and looked up at the sky. I noticed what appeared to be two satellites moving across the sky. I immediately thought it strange that there should be two alongside each other and they didn1t seem to follow the natural satellite path and I have never seen a satellite in the sky in my whole year of living in Kwazulu Natal, whereas I am used to seeing them regularly when living in Johannesburg.
Suddenly from two, there seemed to be many satellites all floating across the sky in the same direction. From where I was standing it would have been from Ballito side towards Durban North. At first I couldn1t believe my eyes, it was surreal. Then all sorts of emotions began to flood through me. I was filled with powerful need to share the experience with others and to check if they could see what I was seeing. I began frantically calling friends and got no answers. Then, a friend called me back and I was able to describe what I was seeing. It was absolutely incredible to see so many 'satellites' moving in random formation across the night sky. I phoned my father in Johannesburg and asked him to check if he could see anything moving across the sky using the moon as a reference point. I wanted to know if what I was seeing was visible only in Natal or if it was also visible in Johannesburg. Neither my Dad nor my friend could see anything happening up in Johannesburg. 
At this point I was filled with awe and excitement. At no time was I afraid, albeit I could see that the sky was a mass of craft. I kept on thinking that I have had a dream of just such an event and now here it is materialised. I then, contacted another friend who lives locally and asked her to see if she could see what I was seeing. She said that she couldn1t and that it was simply the clouds moving across the stars making it appear as though they were moving. For a little while I was disorientated, and could not actually determine what was moving and what was stationary. Suddenly I began to feel foolish and mistaken. Mostly very dizzy and disorientated.
Now that some time has passed I am clear on what I witnessed. The scudding clouds have cleared up from the night sky and I can see the fixed stars clearly - so at one time, the sky was full of moving stars/satellites and now it's clear with only a few 'fixed stars'.
Also as the satellites were moving across the sky some were in groups of three and some seemed to be joined together. They were too far away to make out the shape.
I have witnessed 4 UFO sightings to date, but this was the most powerful 'statement' I have experienced. I cannot believe that I am the only one to have experienced or seen this incredible phenomenon. The message seemed to be; 1We are moving in, you are not alone1.
I went from feeling tired after a long day and two plane journeys, to feeling empowered, invigorated and uplifted. Perhaps I1m a lone 1crazy1 but I1m a very happy crazy!
