{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-20 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509279","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49158","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2534,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/279/mufon-5509279.json","updb_database_id":5509279}
{nd} red star-like object passes across the nigh sky

9:15 pm, July 20th, 2013, Saturday evening. Davenport Florida. My wife was on the back screen porch when she saw a red light in the northeast sky. She watched it for 1 minute, then wnt in to get me from the bedroom, exclaiming that there is a UFO outside. I got up from reading in bed and went out to the front yard. Red/Orange star-like object observed traveling at a slow rate of speed traversing the cloudy dark night sky moving toward the southwest. We observe it for about 1 minute as it moved across the sky. Then it stopped moving. I watched intensely for a half minute or so and observed that it was erraticcly moving about in one place, that is to say, it was not perfectly stopped or idle, just no longer moving across the sky. Rather, a difficult to detect movement, but certain that it was erratic. To check that it wasnt my eyes creating an illusion I looked to the north where I observed a jet airliner moving east to west in the northeast quandrant of the sky. I observed the jet (jet lights) clearly, thus concluding my eyesight was fine. I continued to observe the stalled object and asked my wife to run to the bedroom to get my binoculars. She did, though reluctantly. As I began to handle the binoculars outside preparing to use them and removing my eyeglasses, I looked back up, and to our dissapointment, it had vanished from sight. We did not see the moment of disappearance. I noticed the sky in the south and verified that the sky was completely cloudy. I then reasoned that the light was able to be seen even though it was travelling through a cloudy/overcast sky. We briefly discussed the matter then went inside to further our discussion. It is the 24th of July as I am reporting this, and we have not witnessed it again, although we are not really spending any time outside looking for another sighting. We have never experienced a UFO in our lives until that day.
