{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488279","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71369","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4818,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/279/mufon-5488279.json","updb_database_id":5488279}
{cak} Looked like bright star flying by, BUT stopped when I

Walking my dog near home at approx 11am on 10/9/15 on hot 90 degree "Santa Ana" day here in south Carlsbad, CA. and saw a bright white star looking object flying from my left to right (North to Southwest) at est. speed of 75-150mph(?) I thought is was a small plane but as it was directly in front/almost above me "It" was still perfectly round, no noise, thought maybe a white balloon but seemed oddly bright and NO shadowing so grabbed Iphone5s and took 5 pics as it crossed my path above. Tried to zoom in on last pic with camera. It started going to the south and about to be blocked out by a house/tree's. Being a fan of Steven Greer's work I thought I'd "concentrate on communicating to it" by asking "it" to stop, come back and do something/anything that a plane could not do". I was honestly somewhat entertaining myself by doing this BUT then was shocked as it immediately stopped, reversed course in straight line just a short distance then stopped, made 90 degree turn to right then back to center then 90 degree turn to my left then back to being on original centered flight path and continued on it's southwest course.............I realize sightings are common and may not have even bothered to send this in but was quite amazed/shocked/somewhat intimidated when it first reversed course towards me, so because of that oddity I felt compelled that this was a true sighting and had made some sort of communication with it. I felt like it was simply "acknowledging me". Just as it finished it's manuevers a jogger came by and inquired as to what I was looking at. I pointed it out to this female jogger and she asked me "wow, what is that"? I felt funny in telling her what I thought so asked her what she thought it was! I then admitted to having studied Ufology intensely since 2013 and had seen another UFO in this same area on 7/18/13 (cylindrical, hovering at 35 degree angle for 10 minutes in broad daylight around 2;30pm about 2 football fields away in distance and about 10 stories high in height, size hard to guess) and told her what just happened along with my prior same area sighting............she was somewhat shocked and stared at it as it flew further away and went out of sight. I do not know who this lady was that saw it hover then continue it's flight.
I am submitting the 5 pics taken and am looking forward to MUFON's opinion if they have equipment to clean up the "pixelation effect" from this 5 megapixal Iphone camera and to hear opinion on the darker ring around it that can be seen upon enlarging the photo's on the computer.
I only wished that I had used the video clip option instead of the camera but did not expect it to STOP and do what it did! 
This makes my second sighting of which I never thought I'd see one again after the sighting 2 years ago. ***Just a note of interest. I have one "Experiencer Event" circa 1993-94 of which I have not reported to MUFON but only a few close friends and family. I have some of the classic scars and health issues, ie; scoop marks on both legs front and back, one white triangle on upper left fore arm and suffer from extreme anxiety issues for unknown reasons, fatigue, memory issues to boot. Also now realize that I had hundreds of strange dreams years ago about being chased at night in my bedroom and always by my younger brother (now realize "Screen memories" used on me(?)) Other family events that never made sense until I studied Ufology now many of these events make sense and seem possibly part of a generational abduction scenario.
