{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-31 22:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513279","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44997","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3030,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/279/mufon-5513279.json","updb_database_id":5513279}
{dr}Circle of light with dot in middle flys across the sky

1. I was walking my dog outside. I DO remember hearing fireworks, and at first I thought that this was just a firework. However, it didn't explode ever, made no noise, and was flying insanely fast across the sky - coupled with the fact that the fireworks that I was hearing were atleast 5 miles away whereas I saw this light streak across my field of vision above me - going very fast and travelling very far. I assume that a firework wouldnt be able to travel very fast, and would burn out relatively quickly (not go horizontally for 5 miles)

2. Nothing really "made" me notice the object. In fact, I just happened to look into the sky thinking I might get lucky and catch a meteorite while walking my dog (Im a sort of amateur astronomer). 

3. At first, I thought either I had seen a meteorite or a firework (or a plane). I ruled out fireworks (mentioned above), and then also could not think that this was a meteorite, it was travelling completely horizontally (as if unaffected by gravity), and wasnt encased in flame but rather had a perfect cylinder of yellow light with one dot in the middle. Ive never seen such an irregular pattern of light in a meteorite before. Also, I considered it to be a plane, but I am a pilot and have never seen such lights on a plane before in my life. I am honestly a huge skeptic of UFO encounters/abductions/animal mutilations, and I honestly don't believe in all of those shenanigans. But after seeing this on local television of a person with a similar experience (and saying "if you have seen something like this contact MUFON"), I felt that perhaps my input would be valuable.I can of course provide many more details via email.

4. Honestly theres not much to describe. It was going very fast across my field of vision as I watched it, probably about a minute or two. It was going in a very straight line, and it had a circle of yellow light with a dot in the middle. After the time elapsed it disappeared from my field of view (possibly due to the large amounts of trees in my yard making it difficult to see).

5. Feelings, reactions? Uh, normal feelings. Nothing really changed. I was slightly excited; I had wanted to run inside to grab my iphone and snap a picture but I figured that I didn't have time to do that (and had my dog on the leash trying to go to the bathroom).

6. It just dissappeared from my field of view.
