{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462279","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98714","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2525,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/279/mufon-5462279.json","updb_database_id":5462279}
observed a glowing orb at about 40,000'. Maintained altitude and direction from south horizon to north horizon. Traversed about 4 or 5 times as fast as common jet.

Airplanes always caught my eye. Good view from family home of normal Seattle-Anchorage airway of jets. 

This summer day I was driving in North Burnaby, west on Lougheed hwy. Glanced up at large reflection I thought, of a jet reflecting the sun. The sun itself was higher and east of this object.
Only it did not stop reflecting. 

I describe a commercial jet as a paperclip on horizon. They also took a good while back then in 70's to clear the horizon to the north or south.

This object including the glowing was about size of ping pong ball.

I pulled into parking lot of the former Lougheed Hotel to safely observe it. 
It also did not zoom off. It moved fast, maintained altitude and cleared horizon.
It remained a golden glow until out of sight in the north. 

Radio CFUN AM1410, a common pop radio station reported at 9pm that night of reports of a UFO on the west horizon. 
I shrugged. So what, saw a UFO. No camera, no witness with me. That's it.

IMPORTANT: 
As i was reading ... Lesley Keane's book "Generals,Pilots and UFO's" 
she described these golden glowing objects having been seen.

I was surprised, a bit excited and felt validated.
Now I understand it truly was a phenomenal daytime sighting. 

Have seen nothing before or since of UAP or ever had any other unusual experiences. Although am always interested.

Date may be a year too early. Little did I know then that later I would meet my now husband, obtain a pilot's licence and fortunate to work for air traffic services although not as a licenced controller.

I am submitting this to validate the golden glowing objects observed of that time period.

Am very pleased to be a new member of MUFON. Thank You MUFON for all your vitally important work you do.
