{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-06-12 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546279","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"23788","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2859,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/279/mufon-5546279.json","updb_database_id":5546279}
See flying 'stars' every night, not planes, these turn around, surge forward and stop.

Every night that I lay outside in our field in the country I have been seeing flying 'stars'. First thought they were planes, but when showed to my husband, he said they weren't planes--planes don't fly like this. Now, the more time I am out there, the more of them I see. The night of the 12th of June was the longest and largest show I witnessed. There were so many 'shooting stars' that I lost count. But, that night as SOON as laid down to look up in the sky, immediately I started seeing the flying 'stars', when I first see them they are about as bright as the stars in the Big Dipper, then they fade to a faint star. Then after awhile, sometimes seconds, sometimes up to 5 minutes they vanish. Last night I was watching one for about 5 minutes and it stayed bright almost the whole time until about 4 min. in, it stops, and I MADE SURE that I did not take my eyes off of it for even a milisecond. It stopped in that spot for over a minute, & I thought I was going nuts, and then it finished descending and then disappeared completely. I saw one, 2 nights ago, split into 2 which flew in opposite directions. The same night one was flying dead South and in a split second was flying dead North. They will surge forward, zigzag around stars, sometimes they fly up to a star and 'bump' it and take off. June 13th, I saw one fly as fast as a meteor does. One time I was following one and it disappeared and outloud I started talking to 'myself' "where are you" over and over while looking in the area where it had disappeared, which was facing south, when all of a sudden I see 2 bright flashes in the west, I quickly turned to watch and it faded back to where it was before. The nights that I see muliple flying 'stars' like 3 at a time, I get these headaches that I have never in my life experienced. I have had one migraine in my life and didn't know you could have a headache worse then that, but this was 10X worse. The pain was so bad that I couldn't sleep, so I took a sleeping pill to knock me out, and when the pill wore off and I opened my eyes in the morning, I thought that I was going to throw up because my head hurt so badly. The headache lasted for over 24 hours.
