{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-04-18 14:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502279","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56731","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2423,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/279/mufon-5502279.json","updb_database_id":5502279}
{nd} Broad daylight sighting of a gold orb like UFO

My then husband and I were just doing our norm for the time of day. I don't remember where my son was, but he wasn't home. I remember just walking through the house, the door was ajar and from my side view I could see a hue of gold or orange like color outside, the entire area sky and all had changed! I went to the door expecting to see some sort of storm brewing to see........ an orb!! My husband happened to look out the bedroom window at the same time as we both noticed not just this one going slowly up the street headed north on Mersington Ave, but also one going up east on 35th street! Okay what happened next..... We both commenced to closing the door and blinds, peeked liked scared little children out the blinds and I remember him going into the bedroom, I sat on the livingroom floor and the next thing I remember was waking up. We both woke up around the same time. I remember we both looked to see if they were gone and that was the end of that! No pictures, no calling of anyone, nothing! This wouldn't be the last I'd see them either! I lived at 7201 Olive St KCMO 64132 around same to of year, I'm not sure but I do remember my son was at school and my thought was, not again! I again closed my blinds, sat on the floor and next thing I remembered was waking up! I had no knowledge of what happened until a couple of years ago. After watching one of the Ancient aliens episodes I started getting memories of something happened to me! I've searched the web for something anything to clarify I'm not crazy. I have a spot of ski on my outer right let that won't go away, it looks and feels like rough skin but nothing else. I found another spot on my left leg! Has any one reported anything like these in the area, anywhere around these time frames? PLEASE HELP!
