{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-12-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471518","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88949","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2489,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/518/mufon-5471518.json","updb_database_id":5471518}
circular void in night sky where stars should have been obvious. Stars around void. not a cloud.

I was with a friend driving home where my friend needed to pick up something at my home. It was night and dark with a clear sky. I stopped; we got out of my car. I immediately noticed the sky was unusual. I pointed it out to my friend. We both looked up and slightly to the West. We commented that it was unusual and it didn't make sense. My friend said he was in a hurry and left to get his item. I continued to observe the sky. What I/we saw was a circular "void". No idea of its distance from the ground but I might guess it to be 500 feet. I remember thinking it was the area of a city block. The sky was clear and there were stars from horizon to horizon, except there were no stars in this area above us. I, We have seen clouds in the night sky that block the stars and this sky had no clouds. This void was not a cloud. The void was the same color as the background night sky ie black. This void was the exactly the same black color just that it seemed to have the stars removed from it. I stared at it and tried to determine if the "stars" around its perimeter were a UFO's lights. I was disappointed because I could not determine one way or the other. Then after a minute or two my friend returned. I commented that I could not figure out what we were looking at. He glanced up and agreed. But he was late and we had to go, so we did not continue our observation. I was hoping I was seeing a UFO at the time but I didn't "see" anything, so I dismissed the idea. I was disappointed but remained puzzled. Another friend and his family had observed a UfO years earlier and I hoped I was seeing one too. 

I forgot about the incident for the last 37 years until another friend told me of his UFO siting. I decided to contact MUFON because others might be interested in what I "didn't" see.
