{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-14 06:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291518","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111818","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3407,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/518/mufon-5291518.json","updb_database_id":5291518}
straight line of lights (starlike) over 60 in a row. Last light was not the same distance between, and speed up to catch up.

6:09 am Newberg Oregon. I took my 2 dogs out to pee. I noticed the stars out, It was still dark outside, cold and clear with some light thin clouds in the sky. I noticed some star constellations, they were very bright. First Orions Belt, then I looked left and saw one of the dippers. Then looked toward the west and saw over 30 stars in a row. A straight line, and the line was moving. An example is an open strand of pearls. And if you were pulling them in a straight line. They were moving toward 30degrees ( I used my iPhone compass) There was a cloud I could not see through, a thin cloud. I was not able to see them once they moved behind the cloud. I witnessed at least 50 or more they looked like they were equal distance from each other and very close ( I know they were up high so who knows how close they were to each other). I watched for about 1 min. Observing trying to reconcile what I was seeing. I ran inside and up my stairs to my bedroom to get my phone. I told my husband in a frantic tone "there are UFO's in the sky" I ran downstairs to film. I tried videoing the lights, 3-5 times, but it was so dark and they were not showing up. Maybe with good photo editing, they can be seen. Anyway, my husband ran outside and watched as the last 20-30 were heading into the cloud bank. What was really strange (it was all strange) The last light was not at the same distance as all the other lights before it in line. It was "falling behind" Then what I thought was a star next to it, moved and the only way to describe it was nudged it, the light that was slow - sped up and the light that I thought was a star that was hovering at the end of the line, got in line behind the slow poke light. My husband said "wow that was a rush" Another description is a a momma duck with her ducklings following behind. and the last duck was slow and someone in charge was following up the rear and got them all back in line at the same speed. Then it got light out with in a few minutes and it was over. The whole event lasted maybe 4-5 minutes. 
Thought was maybe satellites, but there were at least 60-100 that I saw, who knows how many before I was outside. Also very close together ( at least looked close) My videos don't show anything, all you can hear is me breathing heavy and my dogs.
