{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-11-15 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501518","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57524","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2631,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/518/mufon-5501518.json","updb_database_id":5501518}
Large beam of light withdrew into clouds above power transfer station

Myself and my wife were travelling home (very late fall - at dusk) when we noticed a large beam of white light shining downward from the clouds above the power transfer station for the local hydro electric dam (about 1/2 mile away on the hilltop. The beam shone to ground level. It was a dull, overcast evening with low clouds. At first I thought the beam was a spotlight from a helicopter that often scans the power lines for hot spots, etc. Then, it occurred to me that the beam was way too wide for a conventional spotlight. It was too wide for the largest spotlight - it was between 50 and 100 yards wide. I pulled over to the roadside and slowed to a stop and looked again with concentration. The factor that makes me believe it was of UFO origins was that the beam of light withdrew slowly upward into the clouds. It was as if I were watching a cartoon. Light, as we know it, is either on or off - we cannot visually comprehend the speed of light. Light can be bright or dim; but we cannot see it withdraw when a light is turned off. This was an extremely wide beam that withdrew slowly into the clouds (almost in slow motion) from where it was emanating. The sides and bottom appeared to be laser edge straight. I could not see an object nor hear anything unusual. The beam just disappeared into the low clouds. After a short period when it did not re-appear we continued on home.

I actually phoned the local provincial police detachment in our village when I arrived home (about 10 minutes later) to see if they had received any reports of unusual sightings. They did not indicate that they had.

I am curious to know if any other similar sighting reports have been made? Although this is several years after the fact it is probably something I will never forget. Seeing a television program that made me aware of MUFON encouraged me to make this report.

I do not believe that any natural phenomenon could replicate the slow retraction of light.

Thank You
