{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492518","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67018","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2624,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/518/mufon-5492518.json","updb_database_id":5492518}
{rjl} two strar like ufos shooting spaks at each other moving towards one another one sinks below as they pass and shoots backwards and the other flashes and diappears

I have terminal liver disease and have never told anyone this since we tried to tell our parents and got laughed out of the room. My sister and my cousin Viky and i were laying on the haystack just looking at the stars and i saw 2 points of light moving towards each other. Then they started shooting like sparks at each other. As they approached each other the one coming from the right sank under the one from the left. They passed each other that way and the lower one then shot a spark back at the other one , it flashed and was gone and the one that was left disappeared. We went running in the house to tell our parents and they haw hawed us and wouldn't even listen . I recently asked my sister about it and she admitted that she did not see what Viky and i saw but wanted to be part of the group. I have never spoken of it to my cousin since that night so i don't really know if she actually saw it or was just humoring the crazy guy. A few days later i was riding my bike on M rd going west and i saw what i thought was a large red orb like thing it seemed pretty big but i wanted to see if i could get closer. it seemed to be about 1/2 mile away. It was descending toward the ground so i was sure i would be able to get to it and see what in the world it was. i rode a half mile towards it and the mountains were about 2 more miles away , then i realized this thing was gigantic as it went behind the mountains down toward Moab, Utah or the Four corners area. Ive never spoken of these things because i figured they would think i was crazy and who knows what they would do to me then, but at this point i have very little time left and there is nothing to be afraid of anymore .Just wanted to tell someone before i pass on. Thank you for your studies and all the things you do to show this as the reality it is .

                       Gratefully yours, Wade
