{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-10-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493774","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65734","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4044,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/774/mufon-5493774.json","updb_database_id":5493774}
{rjl} double beeping for days, electric interference in vehicle, i put earplugs in and beeping got louder, i was told things by telepathy, fog and clearing

First, this is the second to last of several events throughout my life. i believe my father had "occurrences" as well as some of my children.

On this day, I had been hearing double beeps for weeks, randomly. I would continually ask others if they heard it and they never did. I could be home, work, store, anywhere and i would hear the random double beeps. I kept looking for something that was making this noise. I never found it. This one morning, 10/31/1997, I got into my new truck and the electrics were haywire. I was concerned that I wouldn't be able to make it to work. the radio kept blinking no music, no music - never saw that before. 

I drove to work anyway, uneventfully. the radio finally came back on, and the day proceeded as usual. I was a park maintenance worker, and we were closing the ball fields for the winter. my job that day was to trailer the roller and drive to the parks. It was a crisp sunny day. as I was driving, I started hearing the double beeps consistently. they stopped and reoccurred. I got to our location and got out of the truck again hearing the beeps, steadier and very consistent at this point. Not even considering that I am hearing these at various times and in various places, I asked my crew if they heard them too. of course, they didn't and probably thought I was crazy I unloaded the roller and waited for the tractors to till and rake the field. I was then to roll the dirt, packing it for winter. as I sat on the roller the beeping became almost alarming. I put my earplugs in, thinking it would quiet down. it got louder. not sure exactly happened at that point, but something told me from within that "we're taking it out (I KNEW EXACTLY what "they" were talking about) we don't need you anymore. Do not tell anyone about this, we know you will but be aware there will be consequences and your children may be taken away. you will have another “child". As this wasn't alarming enough, having another child was nowhere on MY table. That was the part that disturbed me the most. Strangely, I did have another child under, what I would call, ironic circumstances. With that I was "back" for lack of anything else to call it. There was dense fog and six huge white lights across the field. In a moment it was all gone, and my crew was wondering why I was just sitting there. I thought I’d lost my mind. I asked others if they saw anything, and they did not or did not admit it to me. they had obviously been working during my episode. Oddly enough I went on with the day as nothing had happened. that following weekend, I visited with my daughter and started to tell her and became hysterical in the restaurant, embarrassing her. she told me of things that had happened to her, like my event. Again, oddly enough, the whole thing just left my mind until a couple of years later, when my son saw something hovering outside our house and it all came flooding back. I stumbled across a book called Close Encounters of the 5th Kind. There were many similarities in other people’s experiences as were in mine. I never knew there were others. A lot of "incidents" that have happened to me since I was almost a baby, started becoming clear that i was not hallucinating or crazy. there is so much more. I just can't write it at this time
