{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-20 02:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492774","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66752","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2855,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/774/mufon-5492774.json","updb_database_id":5492774}
{cak} Bright enough to pull my attention away from iPad game and it was way off in the corner of my view.

I decided to spends he night at the creek behind my house last night...the night of June 19 into June 20. It was overcast when I went to bed but I woke at 1 am and stars were shining bright. I laid awake watching the stars then pulled out my iPad to play a silly game before I went back to sleep. Both our family cats had stayed with me at the creek side. One was curled up laying between my feet. At 0204 (2:04 am) on June 20, 2015 something very bright caught my attention from my iPad. It was in the furthest left of my peripheral vision as I was pretty much laying on my back. I turned and saw this very unfamiliar sight. I immediately clicked my screen off and dropped my iPad to my chest and turned my head to the East and watched it, there are six prominent trees off that direction and from my view it was just skimming above the trees, though I am certain it was in fact fur back. I thought at first it was a Chinese lantern but it was ten times brighter and I could see because the silhouette of the trees it was moving rapidly definitely not drifting in the wind. It was moving mostly straight left to right but seemed to have some slight waving up and down. As it hit the last of the six prominent trees it became obstructed by the last tree and was instantly gone from my view. I'd say roughly eight seconds total viewing time. As soon as it was out of view my cat startled and jumped from my feet which assisted with an uneasy feeling lol. Since my WiFi reaches the creek I posted on Facebook....you know in case something happens. And I texted my eldest daughter who stayed up late very often. She responded so I called her and told her what I had just saw. Helped me feel not so alone as well as to share what I had seen. 
I do see jets overhead often so don't think much about them but earlier in the evening I did see one with no flashing lights and it seemed wrong, enough so that I had pointed my bright flashlight at it, but not odd enough that I gave it much thought. I had my phone/camera at the ready he rest of the night but nothing else was seen.
 This was extremely odd and I add it now to two other unexplainable life experiences.
