{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-04 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491774","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67782","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3934,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/774/mufon-5491774.json","updb_database_id":5491774}
{dr}Black triangle, 3 orange lights, one at each point.

Me and a few friends were hanging out in my back yard after watching people in the area light off fire works. My neighbor himself lit off more than most of the other parties combined and it was comparable to the town in brightness, loudness and quantity. We were still looking out over the skies to see if anyone else was as well as just star hunting as we do quite frequently. Stars can be rather hard to see being as close we are to NYC, about 15-20 minutes, as well as ample noise pollution which was only added to by the holiday. 

All of a sudden, we saw 3 orbs/lights in a triangular formation, which at first we thought was embers from fire works or even those candle balloons that float up into the sky. However after a few minutes of them not moving, not flickering and staying in formation, it seemed unlikely and also that someone would only light off 3 was odd. It had been more than enough time since my neighbors fireworks that they also wouldn't be embers. One odd thing I did note, pets/wildlife were very quite all of a sudden. Almost every one of my neighbors owns some sort of yappy little dog so there are always dogs barking, but they weren't. 

By this time of us that saw it were in awe of some kind, unable to look away from the spectacle. I was really excited, but after talking to my friends the next day, they seemed a bit more nervous than excited. I immediately started discussing what it was, to make sure that we were all seeing something at least. Stars, planets, satellites were ruled out for how bright they were, and close they seemed. The ones of us without glasses were able to see a black triangle behind them also. It was very dark. The object appeared to be about half a mile up, near the height of a Cessna plane, maybe at an angle of 45* about a street over. It looked to be about twice as long as your standard Cessna plane also. It was very hard to see any more detail than that. 

It was not moving, just hovering there for a good bit almost in the exact center of all the parties lighting off fireworks, like it had come to investigate. It just sat there like that while we debated amongst one another what we were looking at, grabbed our phones and take several pictures in which you can see the lights. 

Being that the ISIS warnings for the holiday and all that, we thought maybe it was a military plane checking on things, again as we are that close to NYC. Then as silently and quickly as it showed up over the area, it was gone. It almost looked as if someone had just shut lights off on the orbs more than they zoomed away. Basically just vanished. We stared at the skies for a little longer to see if we could gain sight of it, but it was no where. 

I still am rather excited and have been staring at the photos since then, talking to other "Star Gazers" to see if anyone else saw it, knew what it may be, etc. before reaching out to MUFON.
