{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-20 12:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495774","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63655","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4184,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/774/mufon-5495774.json","updb_database_id":5495774}
{dr}Square Peg UFOs

On Friday, February 20th, a micro sized UFO came flying like a bullet straight towards my head at about eye level. Without slowing down, and within an inch or two from my face, it just arced right over my head and kept on going along its way. 

Normally, I would have spent some time engaged in an internal debate over what I might have just witnessed. Might it have been a June Bug, or some other large insect? Well if it had been a large insect, it would have more likely impacted right smack in the middle of my head, if not one of my eyes. As it was, any speculative debate was rendered mute within just a second or so afterwards, when a black orb lifted off from the adjacent parking lot. It quickly climbed skywards until it was just a small dark dot in the sky, at which point I got tired of looking at it and went back to work. 

Over the last two years, I've experienced quite a few interactions and demonstrations with "others" and their resources. The micro sized craft I'm writing about here is one I've nicknamed "Square Peg".

Until recently, "Square Peg" was just some small craft that would show up in my photos, usually in close proximity to some other suspicious looking area of the sky that had attracted my attention. Prior to this incident on the 20th, I had only seen one first hand once before, when one passed by my patio while I was outside having a smoke.

From prior experience, I've learned that photos uploaded here usually end up jumbled in an entirely different sequence from the order in which they were originally uploaded. So I'll begin by describing the photo where you will see only one "Square Peg". Notice that in the background of this photo, taken on Monday, February 23rd, you can see what looks like a larger UFO to the left, as well as another one off to the right. 

In the other photo, taken on Thursday, February 26th, you'll find three "Square Pegs" in the upper right hand corner of the picture. These crafts were too small in the original photo, so I had to crop this photo from a larger one, which cut out the target craft I was focused on when I took the photo. In both photos you can see some distortion surrounding the "Square Pegs", likely due to the effects of anti gravity propulsion. 

I'm also including a video, shot on December 13th of 2014. I was filming a rainbow after a storm had passed through, and after reviewing the video later at 1/8th of normal speed, I discovered a triangular pattern of lights rising from the other side of this building. My apartment and patio is on the other side of this building. Notice how one of the lights turns to black as it approaches the rainbow, to the point where it more closely resembles a "Square Peg". In the editing process I made a double shot of this sequence, so you'll get to see it twice in the video.

I don't believe there was any malicious intent involved when I was zinged by a "Square Peg" on February 20th. I'm guessing I was just being bio scanned, and that it was just assumed my eyes and consciousness wouldn't be able to process this thing's speed coming right at me, head on. After a couple of years of being associated with these "others", I grown accustomed to their shenanigans. That's just the way it is with arizonaufos.
