{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-12-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547774","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"14482","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2948,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/774/mufon-5547774.json","updb_database_id":5547774}
My wife and I observed a large blue surging flashing light on the ground that covered a large area.

I work for Animal Control. On 12/21/2008 at approximately 11:00 PM, my wife and I had just responded to a house fire in Columbus, In. We were on St. Rd. 450W heading east bound back to Hope. Right after we had past a local winery, Simmon's Winery, I noticed to the North of us was suddenly a blue surging light. The light lite up the sky in a large area but the source of the light had to be on the ground. I pointed it out to my wife and she too observed it. Immediately we started naming off the possibilities of what we were seeing. I mentioned that not far from that location is electric transformers in a fenced in area. I was certain that it was the transformers some how exploding. My wife suggested that we take a road in that direction to check it out. The best way I can describe the light is : It was blue and bright. It flashed very quickly or maybe a better way to describe it may be "surging". Visualize a firework that they call a fountain that is set off on the ground and the glow that it makes around it. Now visualize that glow and effect a quarter of a mile wide and lighting up the sky. That1s what we had seen. As we drove around in the general area searching for the source we half expected to encounter emergency vehicles but we did not. It was as if we were the only ones who had observed it. When we got to the transformers there was nothing out of the ordinary about them. we continued to search the area trying to come up with an explanation. We did not see any other types of lights nor any smoke anywhere. We continued to take county roads circling the general area but we did not come up with any source nor explanation. What we seen could not have been over looked by anyone who would have seen it. It had us baffled. Though we did not see any light in the sky nor did we see and object in the sky I could not get the thought out of my head that it was possible Extraterrestrial related. My wife laughed that idea off and refused to believe such a thing however she did admit repeatedly that it was a strange event and had no explanation for it. after searching for about 15 to 20 minutes we gave up the search and headed on home. The surging blue light on the ground lasted for approximately 15 to 20 seconds. (End of my Report.)
