{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-01 02:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527774","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27842","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2553,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/774/mufon-5527774.json","updb_database_id":5527774}
Large, almost no lights, had door on side and four rocket like thrusters.

My name is *(Wit's first name deleted--CMS/sg). My son had just went up stairs to bed and I was up playing games on my xbox. It was an normal night and I was staying up late like I always do. About an hour after my son went to bed (11:00) I dosed off. I woke up when I herd a loud thud. The clock said 2:34. I saw some lights and thought someone had invaded my home I grabbed a bat and went to check it out. I saw a upright being in the back yard. It was standing it beckoned up to the sky and two more thuds followed. I walked out the back door and saw that the intruders had large gun like objects attached to what appeared to be there suit they had helmets that were round. I spoke they said nothing. Then they grabbed me by the arms and the next thing I new I was flying threw the air and I landed on a ship the people tried to make contact with me. The one that was no doubt the leader made contact with me via prerecorded conversations and playing them and replaying them. It told me that they would let me go back to my house to pack my things if they did not find it harmful. I went back and got my laptop and a few other things. They stopped and looked at my laptop and said that it was not harmful. I am writing this from my laptop the only connection I have with the rest of the world as we know it. There were other humans on the ship I made contact but they were very scared. I was taken to a armory and suited up like the others. I now live in this suit. I have gained the trust of the other life forms and there next stop point is earth. I think that they have built an army out of humans and will drop us to earth in a small shock proof pod.
They have run tests that make it possible for them to control the suit and us in the suit. In this way if certain humans do not comply they will control the suits for us. This is your warning help save the human race and stop this.
