{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-09-02 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503280","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55676","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3883,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/280/mufon-5503280.json","updb_database_id":5503280}
{rjl} Object viewed at night moving slowly with rows of stationary lights above the road as we were driving on. Lights began to rotate around the object until it intersected or path than shut off revealing the shape of the object to be like a boomerang.

This incident took place on the evening of September 2nd, 1976 in Gates Mills, OH near Dorchester road. At the time I was 15 years old. I was out with two neighbor friends visiting a third friend who lived on Dorchester. It was about 9:30 PM and we had just backed out of our friends driveway. As we preceded West toward Som Center Rd. we noticed a large, lighted object about a hundred yards above the ground and about 60 yards off to the right of the road traveling slowly in a southwesterly direction. The object appeared to be approximately 75 feet in diameter and at first appeared as a group of parallel rows of stationary lights with a large row of lights in the middle row. There were several other rows of lights above and below the center row with each row getting progressively smaller towards the top and bottom of the object. I would describe the shape of the object to be rectangular with rounded corners at this point in the sighting. 

As we continued toward the object it also continued to move on its path which would intersect ours at our current rate of speed at just before Som Center. After about 15 seconds the lights on the object began to rotate around the object in a counterclockwise direction. My immediate impression was that we were witnessing some kind of intentional display. The lights were not blinding or especially bright. As we watched and continued down the road the lights abruptly shut off with the exception of one light in the top left corner of the object. The light changed colors from white to red, to orange and back again. Shortly after the main lights shut off the object crossed our path. It was at this time that I studied the outline of the objects shape which I could faintly see from ambient light, perhaps moonlight or lights from nearby homes. I distinctively noticed a boomerang or check mark shape of the unlit object at this time. The remaining light was at the tip of the short end of the check mark.

As we were watching the object float across our view, the remaining light appeared to rapidly zip away to the left at a high rate of speed. We watched the light move perhaps several miles in the same Southwesterly directly within seconds. After a few minutes we lost sight of the light and it disappeared. 

Following this incident we called the Gates Mills Police department to report it but they did not appear to be interested. We also called The Plain Dealer and reported the incident. They published a brief mention in on page 2 in the People Section.
