{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-03 08:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290280","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113069","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3218,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/280/mufon-5290280.json","updb_database_id":5290280}
Two large lights at 45 degrees west of Stromness, Orkney that simply dissolved

The UFO was winter/spring time 2020 whilst on my way to work, driving at about 0845-0855 that I became aware of two perfectly circular lights at precisely 45 degrees apart and about 1 mile apart, observed between 25-30 degrees to the horizontal from my perspective and in the northwest in the direction of Stromness, Orkney, putting them between 3-5K feet up (I guess) and reasonably large in diameter; perfect circles of light, no twinkling. Size was difficult to compare as there was no comparison at the time but at that distance I would not have been able to see the local 40-80 seater plane flying past unless it had its lights on but would have appeared small by comparison.

I live in the small village of St Margarets Hope, Orkney, UK and my journey takes me to my place of work in the local capital of Kirkwall, the first half of which takes me over the four Churchill Barriers (numbered 1-4 if one was travelling from Kirkwall).

It wasn’t until I was the leaving the village of Burray (between Barriers 4-3) that I first noticed the lights kind of in the corner of my vision initially discounting it as plane lights not really thinking about them. As I was dropping down to Ecna Loch roughly midway between Barriers 3/4) and looking northwest that I saw the lights properly. Trying to be careful whilst driving and grabbing glances I noted that these lights didn’t moved at all, they were perfectly stationary.

The sky at the time was basically cloudy with good visibility, good enough to see the hill above Stromness to the west, the cloud though was odd it was kind of misty in nature. I also realised that these lights would have been over the Atlantic Ocean as they appeared to be way beyond Stromness. Observing birds migrate at sea was a very favourite past time of mine and so judging distance was important to get right. There was no blinking secondary lights like what one would expect with a plane or helicopter. 

Being perfectly aware of relative perspective whilst travelling and despite this, the lights didn’t move at all, the weirdest thing though was when the lights disappeared. It was as I was approaching Barrier 3 with the lights generally in front of me that they simply fizzled away in a split second, they both went at precisely the same instant and never reappeared as I kept glancing in the general direction as I continued to Kirkwall.

The lack of twinkling may be due to the lights in cloud enough so as to be able to see perfect cicles, like observing the sun through a layer of mist.
