{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-25 19:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468280","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92309","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3239,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/280/mufon-5468280.json","updb_database_id":5468280}
Sighting of misteryous light that appears three times in the sky, in the same area. Picture shows aura around the sphere-like light.

My family and I (2 kids ages 10 and 6, and 2 adults) were at Port Stanley beach. I was meditating and my kids and husband were playing. 10 minutes after finishing my meditation I sat while my family were playing ball and started looking at the sky. Above us was a long-shaped cloud and all of a sudden I saw this very bright light appear to he left-hand side of cloud, right above it. The light started to slowly move to the right in a straight path, at which time I started calling my family to look at it to help me figure out what it was. They did not see it before the light faded away and dissapeared. Approximately 3 mins later the light reappeared, but this time to the right side of the cloud, again above it. This time I screamed and they were able to see it. The light, again moved to the right in a straight path, if I explain in distance, I would say less than a centimeter (note this is like way up in the sky). At first my husband thought it was a plane, and that it was shining from the reflection of the sun, but the light moved so slowly, that it seemed to be still. It then, once again, simply dissappeared. Less than 5 minutes later the light reappeared in between the two initial places, in the middle of the long cloud. Again, the light moved, to the right, and then it dissapeared. We were all very excited and my husband said it was not an airplane, the fact that it was appearing in the same area, within very small distances in between each time, it simply did not fit within what a plane normally does. My husband was trying to capture the light with his iPhone, the Time he captured the picture attached, he says it was when I was telling him the light was in the middle of the cloud (so the third time it appeared), yet the light is seen in the picture in the left hand side of the cloud. The light you see in the picture was not visible to our eyes, what we could see was tiny and shiny, like a star, no aura around it. Yet the camera captures this perfectly sphere-like light with an aura around it. I would like to add that the picture was a 1live1 picture taken with an iPhone 7. In the picture you can see how the light slightly moves right, with the aura as well, so the whole thing moves, not just the sphere. During the third sighting tears were rolling down my face, we were feeling love and gratitude for the opportunity of experiencing a sighting.
