{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-10 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491280","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68291","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5295,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/280/mufon-5491280.json","updb_database_id":5491280}
{cak} Died at 4 for 7 minutes. I didn't see God, I saw somethin else have had multiple abductions since. Most recent is the scariest and most disturbing and I am scared to talk about it and not be taken seriously and embarrassed and scared for safety

The story I am about to tell you is the scariest and hardest thing I ever had to do. Let me be clear, I thought my whole life I was both lucky and crazy. I never told a single soul in the world about it (out of fear) and always came up with an answer to justify what happened and that I had imagined it. 25 years of believing I was crazy and then my world was turned upside down. 

I don't know where to even begin. When I was 4 years old, I drowned and died for 7 minutes. Afterwards, what i described to my parents wasnt what they expected. I said " a couple Angels came down In a shiney ball from in the sky and told me not to be scared and that I was special snd they would always protect me and they made me safe" Because I am litersly worried and afraid for my safety to report any of this, I will also say, since that day I have died 2 more times and miraculously came back to life, perfectly normal and unharmed. Each death experience has a big story behind it and I have never, ever, ever discussed it with anyone.. I didn't want to be locked up in a white jacket and be called crazy. All I can say right now is, during my last death experience, I awoke and in my journal entry that night (I have used and kept a detailed journal since I was 9 years old) and on the entry of that night I wrote about what I saw and what happened and then wrote  "They told me found me and not to be afraid." I remember waking up in the hospital and crying because I felt so alone and scared that I was going crazy. Since that specific date, I have been in 16 car accidents.. 16.. Prior to my death, I had never been in a single one. Every single accident I walked away absolutely unharmed, when I should have been dead. 

There is SO much more.. So much I want to share, but, I am so afraid to. Here is the story of my latest abduction that changed everything. I am a manager of a Marriott hotel and sometimes, I have to work graveyards when an employee calls in sick, etc. That night an employee got back in town late and I had to cover half of their shift. Around 2:50 in the morning I left the hotel and started driving home, which is about 3-4 miles. I was listening to "don't stop believing" by journey on my phone and it started getting really scratchy and high frequency noise and then boom. My engine shut off and died and so did the radio. I glided the car to the side of the road and put the car in park and that's when I felt... Off. I could feel all of the hair on my arms neck and legs stand straight up, like static electricity and I don't know why or what caused this, but, I was having trouble breathing. The air felt so thick so I got out of my car to get air and that's when I heard a very low yet strong humming noise and I couldn't see anything and felt really disoriented and that's when the light beamed down from the object, consuming myself and my vehicle. 4 1/2 hours later my wife and mother found me 200 yards away from my house , sitting on a sidewalk (still dressed in my work suit) crying hysterically because I didn't know where I was or how I got there or why and then I looked behind me and my car was TOTALED.. The whole front half was just smashed in so perfect, almost like I hit a wall going 100mph... But, not one single scratch or bump. Not one.. More than that, the car was completely immobile and unable to drive. How did it end up 2miles away from where it happened? I lost over 4 hours of my life and I have no idea what to make of it. What I do remember, I don't feel comfortable sharing. I never told anyone what happened.. Who would believe me? 12 days ago two gentlemen approached me while I was leaving work and started immediately asking me about my accident. (Not feeling safe or comfortable enough right now to share more details about it) except to say, they wanted to know something and they think I am lying and told me they would not ever go away until I stop lying and tell them. 4 days ago 3 gentlemen approached my wife and mother seperately and did the same.

You may not believe any of this and I honestly wouldn't blane you. I wouldn't.. But, I beg you to give the benefit of the doubt before assuming or deciding. I have so much I wNt to say but I just can't over the Internet. I am so afraid I am being watched and harm could happen to my fsmily. God as my witness, everything I have said is true and over half the info and stories I haven't shared yet. I honestly am afraid for my safety.
