{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-17 10:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505280","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53583","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5493,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/280/mufon-5505280.json","updb_database_id":5505280}
{rjl} Jan17-18,24HrLongEvent,UCLAarea,updatingJan17report+newJan18Sighting-PICSthisTimeUploaded. 24hrEvent,possAgainToday,still2Look. SameObjects,SamePlace

Okay, once again I'm here. And once again I am hard-up for full time req'd to describe this event.

Please see Jan 17, 2014 event already reported. This is a continuation of that event (24+ hours long). No nighttime viewing in order to 'confirm' that the objects never left, but they were still here yesterday... and more of them. One main object, many secondary objects....

I had a trip scheduled for Jan 18, yet all got pushed back due to what I saw and furthermore captured on 'film'. I promise to offer more details at a later time. BUT for now, I offer pics of what I captured on Jan 17 and Jan 18 here right above the UCLA/Los Angeles area. 

I do not know what is going on.... but Jan 17 marked the 2nd time that I saw the same thing that I saw back in Nov 2013 (reported). Same place, same thing. Only this time, it was here for 2 days. AND this time, I've PROOF of what I saw, including this time SECONDARY objects that I saw come 'from' the main object.

Unsure what to think, but I'm truly starting to wonder that if something playing around directly above my head (and UCLA) does not want to 'interact' with us here on earth, that perhaps we really should be afraid of just what they are. 

I do promise to update fully, but for now I really would like to take my birthday trip (even if 2 days late). So for now.... a brief description above and pics to document all of the last 2 days. 

I've got 10 pics to upload... here's to them actually making it up. I've actually got 'gobbs more' but these are the ones that 'count'.

For those of you in the Los Angeles area, PLEASE keep your eyes to the sky towards the UCLA area.... look high high up and survey slowly. I would love to hear of others in the area who just might have seen what I have the last 2 days. Think reflective, shiny and H-I-G-H up. However with binocs, you'll def notice more that what meets the eye. You must SCAN high and slow though in order to capture sight of what appears to be a white 'something' that is extremely reflective at times(the sun just bounces off this thing). 

Yesterday, day 2 of the same sighting.... 'they' were MUCH higher up than the day before. But day 2 offered even more than day 1 --- for day 2 glimpses thru binocs captured secondary 'things' coming from the 'main object'. What appeared to be 'box kite' objects actually 'came' from the 'main' object. All objects were stay stationary at times, or roll and tumble around, but never without a lack of direction. While the clouds blew east, the objects seen did not blow east. They would wobble at times a short distance, they would disappear and then reappear. And the strangest thing is: what I saw with the naked eye and binoculars appeared to much more that only the pictures would prove. The secondary objects appear to be numerous... very numerous. While I saw a red and white secondary object come from the main object... apparently there were many many more. I swear to God folk, I know what I saw, and something is going on here. 

Might it be something at UCLA? 
Might it be something associated with SFO's known to use the ocean channel here between the coastline here and Catalina?

With that said, Tally Ho for now, I must prep for my postponed trip... with a promise to be back and update fully in the 'Comment Section" of this report :)

PS: MY 3RD ATTEMPT TO UPLOAD MY REPORT MUFON!!!!!I Mufon --- you need to delay your 'time-out' for those of us with just under your 2mb limit). Who wants a scraggly artifacted jpg file that looks like crap!? No, most of us want a decent pic to look at if we've come here for a means to an end!! That said, it usually takes perhaps 3-5 minutes for someone to 'describe' their 'moment'.... so yes mufon ---- increase your time-out sessions..... we do not want to start over again with our reports 3-4 times!!!

The last 5 photos had to be uploaded into the "Comments" section..... sorry, but Mufon kept timing out on me. I can only hope that the first 5 actually uploaded though. If not, they too will be found just below in the "Comments" section. Sorry folks, just trying to work with the site.
