{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496280","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63125","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4039,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/280/mufon-5496280.json","updb_database_id":5496280}
{dr}Black triangle flew right over myself & others on the railroad track inside the military terminal

I have wanted to report this for 35 years and just didn't. It was in my bucket list to do so, so here I am. Back in 1979, I was a geologist employed by the US Army Corps of Engineers. My job was to accompany drilling rigs hired by them to ensure the desired objective was met. In this case, the objective was to locate cavernous areas underneath the railroad tracks that go through the military base. When found, these areas would be filled with cement to enforce the ground underneath the tracks. Trains often went by. My team & I had to have special permission to go onto the military base for this purpose. Our work hours were overnight, from about 11:00 pm through the morning.

On one particular night, the mayor of nearby Southport, NC, Eugene Tomlinson, stopped by at around midnight to see how things were going. He also was employed at the military base. I came down off the embankment on which the train tracks are on, and we stood and chatted. The only noise was from the drill rig, which wasn't that bad since the rock was soft.

Soon he said to me, "What in the hell is that?" as he looked straight up. I looked up and couldn't believe my eyeballs. There was a perfectly triangular, pure black ship very slowly going along the track. It had no lights at all. In fact, if it weren't for the fact that the ship totally blotted out the sky above it, you couldn't see it. But it was absolutely there. I heard no sound from it; granted the drilling rig was running, I still don't believe it made a sound. I stood and watched it as it slowly flew along the tracks and out of my sight. I never saw anything come out of it.

I do not know if the guys on the drilling rig saw it; I don't think so, because not one of them said anything to me. However, Mr. Tomlinson certainly saw the craft.

The weather was fine at the time; I don't believe we were even allowed to work if there was threatening weather. In fact, I recall it being a starry night, and marveling at how the object blacked out the stars.

The clincher came 2 days later. I had just gotten up and was having coffee and breakfast in a local restaurant. They had a local newspaper available, which I picked up. As I was eating, again my eyeballs popped out when I saw a little article about how local farmers were very annoyed by unexplained, triangular burn marks in their fields. I recall no details from the article, which was very short anyway. Oh how I wish I had kept that newspaper; I did not.

I took no pictures. I have nothing but my memory & and a notation in my diary of what I saw that night. It is sharp, except for things like directions (N, S, E, W), time, etc. I know it was the summer or early fall, because the weather was very warm. Also, it was impossible to say the distance to the craft or its size. There was nothing to contrast it against. However, it seemed to me to be flying "low." It didn't seem to be huge or anything. Sure was a perfect triangle. Not one light to be seen on it. We had no phones, so I don't know if they would have been affected. I never felt fear or threatened; only astonishment.

I am 100% certain that I saw a UFO that night. I will never forget it.

I simply desire that my sighting be added to the history of sightings for that year and that place. Who knows? Maybe it'll help one day.
