{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-07-21 21:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547175","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"18268","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2343,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/175/mufon-5547175.json","updb_database_id":5547175}
saw it from a few kilometers away, changed brightness

I was in my room using my computer. I had the window open because it was to hot inside. I look to my left ,which is east, and i noticed a light in the sky above one of the trees in the horizon. At first i taught it was an airplane. I taught this 'airplane' was going to land on tijuana international airport. Sure enough it came down but, for several seconds the object hovered and since I had first noticed it changed brightness. The object then began to move slowly to my left heading north. It then began to go down again slowly and it disapear behind a hill in the horizon. Several minutes later a similar if not the same object appeared on a different spot in the horizon. This second object moved to my right and left an like the first object it moved slowly. This objects were anything from 2 miles to 10 miles away. This objects did not have a probe like regular aircraft. Their light was white in color, and as i saw them i felt exitement. I taught of getting my binoculars but i didn't because i taught i would miss something. I have lived behind the tijuana airport. I see helicopters from Naval Outlying Field Imperial Beach 24/7. I know how naval aircraft look like. What I saw was different. I began to fill this report because those lights came back this time i saw them more than 4 times. The most peculiar of this sightings were that two lights appeared close to each other they descended a small distance then the lower one ascended a small distance and the higher one disappeared. The remainig one whent behind the hill. The last light that i have seen this night dissapeared before descending behind the hill. I would like to be contacted through email first if I am contacted.
