{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-05 21:31:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511175","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47197","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2680,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/175/mufon-5511175.json","updb_database_id":5511175}
{cak} Multiple orange-yellow orb-like objects

I had got done watching tv (coincidentally I got done watching alien encounters) and decided to go into my bed room to lie down and watch more tv. I was laying there for at least 30 minutes or so when suddenly my cousin came running in the room. I was nearly sleep but he woke me up and told me to look out the window. When I looked out the window I saw several orange-yellow orbs scattered in the sky. My cousin ran outside while I grabbed my phone. Unfortunately in my haste I didn't bother to grab my HD camera. When I made it outside I looked up and observed the objects as they flew through the sky. When I first noticed the objects, I thought they were UFOs. They werent flares because they were traveling too straight. They werent airplanes nor helicopters as they didn't appear to look like any nor they didn't make any noise. At first I saw at least 10 or so orb-shaped objects traveling in a loose formation and in a straight line, basically point A to B. They may have been 10-30 ft in diameter considering the distance they appeared to be from me. The objects made absolutely no noise as they traversed through the sky. They seemed to be traveling in a loose formation. The objects themselves appeared to be pulsating orange-yellow colors and were traveling VERY slow, probably 70 mph or slower (like they were in no rush to get where they needed to go). Eventually they flew out of sight over the complex. I was so in awe that I didn't take any pictures or videos until another object appeared in the sky behind the first few. The lone object was going in the same direction as the others. I took the opportunity to snap a shot but it was of poor quality. It made me highly regret not grabbing my HD camera which wouldve gotten far better results, being that this was my first real UFO encounter! Other witnesss may have gotten better pictures/footage but that has yet to be seen. I guess next time Ill be a little more ready.
