{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-12 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507175","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51538","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5010,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/175/mufon-5507175.json","updb_database_id":5507175}
{nd} large craft travels north horizon, overhead then staight south without lowering into space

My son and I often sit in our meadow along the Platte river and watch the sky after deer hunting. We have both seen several things over the years and attribute that to the fact that we actually pay attention to the sky. I have "The Night Sky" app on my cell phone to help identify planets, satellites, and things we don't recognize.
 Saturday night at approx. 8:15 pm, 10-12-13, give or take ten or fifteen minutes, we noticed a very bright light in the north rising on the horizon. This unusually bright light caught our attention but we then looked away as my son had to blow his nose. This did not take very long, and when he was done he noticed the light had risen a lot in that thirty seconds or so. He called my attention to it and we began watching it rise higher and higher very fast. It seemed to be going mostly north to south with maybe a slight south westerly heading of a few degrees. When it was 1/4th the way from horizon to directly overhead it was apparent it was even more odd. The light was so large and bright for an object seemingly so high in the sky, it obscured the craft. I used my Night Sky app to identify the thing. Here is one curiosity, The object,(or a satellite near it was called RB- something/something with a 14 in it. Then suddenly the light which was five to ten times the size and brightness of a bright planet like Venus was that night which was setting a few degrees south of straight west, this light suddenly flashed brighter and dimer about four or five times almost like a camera flash, then it went out. I was still looking at the app on my phone which now no longer showed the satellite. I moved the phone to the south and the satellite number now was low in the south. The object was still where it was with a very dim front light now and lights began appearing in the rear of it. By dim I mean almost not visible. The rear lights began to be visible as it passed overhead heading south. Eventually they were shown to be two big rectangle white lights on the rear. No red, no flashing, no other lights. This object was huge and high enough I would say out of the atmosphere. About fifteen or twenty degrees passed directly up to the south an airliner (standard type airline visible high up passed under this thing and the size difference was incredible. One of the rear rectangle lights was twice the length or more of the airliner. Considering the fact that it must have been a very long high distance above the plane that makes it two large to imagine. My guess would be a half mile wide at the very least but thats speculation. This object continued to go in a straight line to the south never descending as it would following the horizon. It just went directly in a straight line never lowering at about 50 deg. above horizon till it was not visible any longer. The only way it could have done that was to leave earth and keep going out into space. It took at least five minutes till we could not make out the lights any more. Wish we would have had binoculars. This was a really strange occurrence.
 Imagine an airliner at 50 deg above south horizon going left to right. It would be small against the night sky and hundreds of miles away maybe 1/16th inch at arms length long. Then this thing going south and at the point they meet from your vantage point one of the rear lights on this object, much much higher than the plane, is three times the length of the plane. Not knowing the distance difference but knowing the plane is a high one that makes the width across the rear of the unknown craft 6 to 7 times minimum the length of the airliner jet a 757 at least in my estimation.
 I admit without knowing actual distances all is speculation as to actual size. This leaves two main points that deem this sighting worthy of being reported. 1.- the very size of the thing. 2.- the way it just stayed at the approximate same height to the south, 50 deg. up), and then just continues off and away from earth not lowering to the horizon. Lastly not included in the reasons above but worth mentioning is the fact the night Sky app on my phone seemed to ID this thing as a satellite then not then it Ided a different thing as that satellite after it was high enough that the front light was not needed to obscure it any longer, but this is just my take on being "curious".
