{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-03-01 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522175","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33908","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5521,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/175/mufon-5522175.json","updb_database_id":5522175}
Airline Captain spots incredibly fast objects, also hovered, and zig zaged

This happened at least 9 years ago, I simply entered an approximate date above so I can get more information immediately. I am working on finding the exact date and time, but I am extremely eager to see if anyone else in the Chicago area saw what we did. There are several million people within 30nm of my location, I hope to find other people who saw what we did. Maybe they have more details to what we saw, or maybe we can corroborate their sighting as well.

I will have to look in my records to pinpoint the date and time, but I did report the event to the UFO hotline the FAA Kankakee flight service station gave me the number to: 

As a pilot of 22 years, flying everything from relatively large passenger jet aircraft to aerobatic aircraft I am pretty familiar with objects in the sky. I have personally seen military flares, astronomical phenomena, military aircraft, satellites, and nothing compares to what we saw in the cold early morning a few years back.

Standing outside in the cold for my friend to smoke, there was an abnormally bright star in the sky. It gained in brightness and my first reaction was that it must be a commercial flight descending from high altitude above KORD (O'hare Intl) and that the angle must have been just right to seem as if it was standing still and gaining in intensity as it got closer to us.. but it soon became evident that was not the case.

It was so bright, and so pure a white color that we started looking at the object way before it started moving. In fact, that is what was so curious about it at first, usually the atmosphere will appear to make something flicker, and show different colors (like a prism). But there were no navigation lights, no strobes, and it didn't have multiple lights, but rather just that extremely bright light we described. 

After several minutes of talking to each other the we noticed the object started moving in a zig zag pattern across the sky. Not believing what I was seeing I used fixed objects, the garage roof, power line attached to the house, and side of the house itself as static reference points. Many times people experience a visual illusion of a bright light in darkness - I knew that from flight school. So I used the fixed points to see if it was in fact moving in a zig-zag pattern or just an illusion. I then paid very close attention to the power line to ensure it was not swaying - which it was not. There was no wind, not even a calm wind. The sky was clear and crisp. Other "fixed" objects in the sky kept a relative position compared to it. Obviously even the stars move, but over a much longer period of time. Only this one light/object had motion.

Given there was no noise, the object had to be very far away or it was silent... and for it to zig sag and turn so abruptly it would cause incredible G-forces on any object. I felt then, as I do today that there is no reason I can imagine in which this would be an efficient flight path. We talked about it for several minutes. 

This happened for a few minutes and then the object froze again in the sky and just stayed there for several minutes. There were no recognition lights, or strobes, or wings, it must have been a round-like object either emitting light or reflecting light from the sun still beyond the horizon. 

Then, still without any noise, the object accelerated to an unimaginable velocity in a steep turning arc to the northeast. We saw it disappear over the houses and ran to the front lawn in an attempt to keep the object in sight longer. 

Interestingly, several minutes later a second object seemed to chase after the first object, but rather than coming from a slightly western/overhead object like the first one - this object seemed to come from the south-southwest at an even greater velocity toward the same point the first one went. 

At no time did any of these objects make any noise - and there were other aircraft during this period, from time to time, even at this time of night some traffic continued to either arrive or depart from O'hare. All the rest of the objects were easy to identify as aircraft, both at low and high altitude. 

Im not saying that this was extra-terrestrial, all I know is that it did not portray any known flight characteristics I have ever seen in any aircraft, and that the velocity the objects traveled at the end is beyond anything I have ever seen before. Even at a medium altitude it would have been hypersonic. Yet there was no noise. And the higher the object was the faster the object was traveling. It could have been military, it could have been from anywhere - I have no idea. But one thing is for sure, I have never seen another object like it before or after. 

I am not interested in being on TV - but I would like to find out if there is anything else regarding this sighting from other people.
