{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-02-13 19:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485175","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74600","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2490,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/175/mufon-5485175.json","updb_database_id":5485175}
a redish-orange light appeared after sunset when we sat down at a pizzeria with our 3 and 5 years old children. It hovered and moved in a strange manner.

My wife, my two children and I sat at a table on the second floor of La Posta Restaurant located on the Malecon in Puerto Vallarta, looking at the sunset. We had clear views of the ocean and it was still light outside when a orange glow appeared on the horizon after the sun set completely. At first, we thought it was an airplane or a helicopter, especially when the object stopped on the horizon after following a path going from South West to North West. It hovered, went up a few feet above the horizon, hovered some more, then shot up over a mile in about 2 seconds, which is the pictures I am attaching here with this report. At that point, when it shot up the way it did, we knew it could not have been an helicopter. When it came back down at the same speed to stop and hover on the horizon again, we knew it was not an airplane, a flare, a helicopter or a jet. When the object moved afterwards, it followed a straight line path following the horizon heading South West, stopped, followed a similar path in the opposite direction heading North West then came back in the same location where it hovered again before shooting upward, duplicating the same path it followed previously. We witnessed these moves for over 10 minutes until it came back down on the horizon and disappeared in a South West direction. I was convinced this was a UFO based on its behaviour and my wife had some reservations until she saw the UFO shooting up a mile or so above the horizon on a 90 degree angle. She then took her Canon camera and took those two shots.
