{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-11-16 16:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472175","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88257","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3828,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/175/mufon-5472175.json","updb_database_id":5472175}
{rjl} Large oblong silver disc with ball or egg shape structure attached. Materialized descending and turning and then ascended and disappeared.

I was driving near an area I had seen a ufo a year earlier. The weather conditions were the same as the last sighting. The air had a feeling to it that was familiar and I was compelled to drive to the location. I had a feeling I was going to see something. I parked the car so I could look at the area of sky I saw the last one in. I rolled down the side window and got my binoculars and iPhone camera ready. I was there about twenty minutes watching passenger jet traffic. I looked down at my iPhone and when I looked at the sky again the craft appeared descending in a turning maneuver. It then started to ascend still turning. I took my eyes off it for less than a second to take a picture and when I looked again it was gone. Very frustrating! I decided I would take some pictures of the sky anyway to see if the camera could see what I could not. And in one of the pictures an object was there but much further away and no longer had the brilliance it once had. I noticed the object because I was looking for it and it was bright silver and reflecting light from the low sun on the horizon. I have seen jets reflect the sun in the same way at times but the shape, maneuvering, and flight characteristics was nothing like a jet. It did not seem to be relying on the atmosphere for flight. I can1t describe it entirely but it had a kind of floating flight. The object looked like an oval disc with a strange ball or egg sitting on top something like a tea cup on a saucer. They seemed to be two separate parts. Like one was getting a ride from the other. It was extremely bright silver and was reflecting light from the sun. At the distance I saw it at I would estimate it to at least be the size of a
Boeing 747. The strangest thing is I knew I would see it. I could feel it in the air. The air felt the same as when I saw one about a year earlier in the same location. We had just had rain and the storm was over. The sky was clearing with very few clouds left. I even had the car positioned so well the object appeared in the center of the piece of sky I was watching through the drivers side window. Even though I had the camera in my lap it was something so out of the ordinary it was almost hypnotizing. I had to force myself to try to take a picture. File #1 original picture, File#2 enlargement, File #3 three things in a row, clouds? File#4 enlargement, File #5 color enhanced enlargement. I will also send drawings with compass headings, GPS coordinances, etc.
