{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-15 20:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504175","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54723","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2707,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/175/mufon-5504175.json","updb_database_id":5504175}
{rjl} 3 orange glowing orbs hovering in sky. 2 disappeared, 1 stayed for a few minutes then flew off.

I was driving down my street at about 8:30 pm. I looked up in the sky, out the driver's side window and saw three large orbs hovering in the sky. I got to the end of my street and did not have a good view, so I made a left, and then a right hand turn then pulled over. I rolled down my window and watched them. I thought maybe there was fog and that the fog was discoloring airplane lights. But there was no fog, and they were not moving. Some people came out of their house so I decided to move down the road a bit further. I made a left on the next street,and immediately pulled over. The orbs were SW in the sky. As I was watching, two of the orbs faded out. Cars were having to go around me, so I pulled up the road further. I looked up, and the last orb was still there. I took a right on a side road, parked and got out of my car. The orb was amazing. I knew, without a doubt, that this was not normal. It was large, so blatantly obvious, just hovering. I got better look at it and it was orange, pulsating and kind of spinning. I could see that the interior was brighter than the exterior of the object. There was some kind of movement, but it was hovering while moving. After watching it for a minute, a small aircraft was flying at about the same elevation, fairly close by. The plane was traveling NE. From my perception, the orb seemed bigger. After a few minutes, maybe a minute after the plane flew by, the orb started to head south. As it was leaving, the same orange color was visible. The orb flew at a pretty high rate of speed, it's size decreased dramatically as it got further away. Then it was just gone. 

Throughout the sighting, I didn't want to waste time taking pictures. I didn't want to miss anything. I had my phone and had to force myself to stop looking and try and take a photo. I thought I snapped a photo then tried to take video. I have a very short video only. My adrenaline was pumping, but I was calm, yet excited. If it was right in front of me, maybe I would have felt fear.
