{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-26 16:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290175","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113174","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2248,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/175/mufon-5290175.json","updb_database_id":5290175}
Black rectangular with slight dome on top.

I was walking south and turned to the west to see an object flying from south to north sightly below the hieght of the trees and could be seen between the gaps of the trees and clearly for a brief 2 to 3 seconds. 

From the front shpherical solid light pulses of bluish white light were being created at various sizes but larger than the object whilst underneath at the front cone shaped solid lights were being emited downwards, two about twice the height of the black body shape of the object.

The object appeared to be about the size of a car, a bus or larger depending on its distance from me and was traveling at least 40mph. The speed would increase as would the size depending on its distance but the trees were at least 200m away and in front of them about 50m from me was a row of houses. The object was at least the size of a large set of double windows of the house in front and below the object which was obviously even larger due to the distance of the trees in front of the object . Again at least as large as a car or passenger bus. 

I lost sight of it as it headed North behind the houses in that direction which were more elevated than my position on sighting the object. 

Please note it could not have been a police drone as it had no appendages and was too large and regular and defined. It was like looking at a concrete slab from the side though sightly shorter with a small dome or bevel on the top and the very strange kind of light emitted was solid both spherical, pulsating at various sizes with bursts of the cone shaped light of the same nature being emoted from the front uderside.
