{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1966-04-04 09:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290056","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113294","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3457,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/056/mufon-5290056.json","updb_database_id":5290056}
Jacksonville N.C. School UFO Visit

Northwood Junior High School is in Jacksonville North Carolina in Onslow County. Jacksonville is the county commercial hub and home to Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune and Marine Air Corps Air Station New River.

In the Spring of 1966 or 1967, Ms. Debra (name removed to Investigators Report Section/cms/LLL) aged 12-13 at the time, was in her period one gym class. The class ran out unto the football field with two other gym classes. It had rained most of the night before the school day.

The class was doing whatever gym classes do, when Debra (name removed to Investigators Report Section/cms/LLL) and the other students noticed a shadow cast over the football field. An object, as big as a city block (300 feet) lowered itself and hovered over the school gymnasium for approximately 20 seconds. It was spinning and had blinking white lights on the bottom of the craft. Debra says, "You could not really see the craft, only the bottom of it. The object was huge!"

The flying craft was making a "swooping noise," and some kind of energy could be felt, as mud flew around and trees swayed from the energy of the object. The gym teacher yelled, "Run into the gym! Run, run, run!"

The craft, after hovering for 20 seconds, took off in a split second swoosh. Debra, aged 64 today, says, "It was a LONG 20 seconds!" Debra's friend Caroline, drew a picture of the object, and showed her father who worked at Camp Lejeune. He told her, the craft belonged to the base, and was American made." Debra says, "There is no way that object was of this planet the way it swooshed away disappearing in 1-2 seconds!"

The story was covered by the local 6pm news that night in Jacksonville N.C. A public relations officer from Camp Lejeune said the craft came from the base and was American-made.

Often in playground UFO visitations, an assembly is called to speak with the students. Debra said not assembly was called, because the news story "explained" what happened. It must have been enough for the administration of the Northwood Jr. High School.

Ms. Debra (name removed to Investigators Report Section/cms/LLL) has always been careful who she shares the story with to not get the "You must be crazy look." The story could be verified from other class members of 1966-67, or the school or Board of Ed records or the local news station or from Camp Lejeune.

I testify to the credibility of Ms. (name removed to Investigators Report Section/cms/LLL). I taught in Newark NJ when she served as a teaching assistant to the class. The class loved her and treated her like a Grandmother. If Ms. (name removed to Investigators Report Section/cms/LLL) tells me this happened, IT HAPPENED. She still gets goose bumps and emotional when she tells the story and says what she testifies to is the gospel truth.
