{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-04-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502056","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56966","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3443,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/056/mufon-5502056.json","updb_database_id":5502056}
{cak} Very close to us. Triangular in shape. Blue and white lights. Brief but very very close.

I and an older friend who lived about 5 houses down from me met at a designated time to hang out. I was meeting him and another friend and I and him arrived first at the entrance of a cove in a neighborhood located less than a quarter of a mile from highway 64 and houston levee road. We were facing each other talking waiting on the third friend ,who lived in the cove, to come outside. He was in the middle of saying something when I noticed an aircraft headed our direction behind him. I cut him off and said, "Look at this helicopter coming" as I noticed it was very low and headed right for us. He said, "thats not a helicopter." as it approached very close. It soon became apparent that this was a massive triangle with bright white lights. One on each tip making three lights and a light in the middle of the object. It was so low to the ground and moving so slow I could have picked up a rock and hit it. I would estimate it traveling at around 5 mph with a powerful humming/vibration sound or feeling eminating from it. We were both awe struck and just started running back to our houses as fast as we could. It was just known to run and tell someone at home. I ran inside and upstairs to my moms bathroom were she was takin a bath and started telling her through the door what we had seen. She broke into what I was saying and asked if thats why the walls were vibrating and she heard a strange humming noise. The path that the object was taking was straight as can be and went directly over my house. I said yea. The next day people from around our area of shelby co. were calling into radio stations to report the same sighting. Later on in life..maybe 2 or 3 years (im 26 now) I learned of the events in Belgium and the events in Illinois of reports of a triangle shaped UFO, some people who said they saw it were military personel and police. The object photographed in the Belgium case in the I think early 90's is exactly what we saw and I feel a sense of pride knowing I saw this same object very very close and at an extremely slow rate of speed. Almost as if it didnt care. Thinking back ( it is very vivid) I saw no means of propulsion only a humming noise. It was massive and was directly above us. Very intimidating and instantly when its close enough to be seen one knows immediantly it is something very diffrent. I have felt a sense of enlightenment since. That was eleven years ago and I haven't seen anything else odd execept for a cylinder shaped very large craft moving very very fast at a really high altitude. That was about 3 years ago. I cant help but feel that this was a special moment I will remember forever becuase I no longer question ufos and the closeness of this object almost seemed as if it wanted me to see it.
