{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-09-20 21:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458056","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103493","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3064,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/056/mufon-5458056.json","updb_database_id":5458056}
{cak} Huge orb no sound followed straightforward path through sky for around 7 to 8 min

I have no idea what I truly saw. I will say I am out most nights having a cigarette checking on my chickens or letting my dogs out. We have a lot of planes fly over and a lot of helicopters fly over personally I believe what I saw was none of those. What I saw from my best guess was flying around The height of a helicopter. But there was absolutely no sound regarding what I was seeing I do understand there is generally a lag in sound but there was nothing. this thing looked like a huge single ball of light. I attached three videos and I did my best to capture an airplane with blinking lights and it was tiny compared to what I was seeing. This object did not move although in the video my boyfriend was joking and pulling my leg that it did but it seemed to stay on the same trajectory and it went from my backyard over the house and continued on the way. My animals i.e. seven chickens and three dogs were going nuts that is what made me Notice it in the first place . my chickens were all roosting and quiet in their coop and all of a sudden they started going crazy squawking which is not normal for chickens at night when they are roosting. My dogs though inside started barking so I quickly got off the patio where I was having a bonfire went into the middle of the yard and opened up the coop and checked on the chickens and once I was closing the door that’s when I looked up and I saw this bright light coming over the trees again it was higher up in the air that would make me suspect a helicopter but the visual bright orb of it was nothing I have ever seenAnd again there was no sound that was associated with it.I have attached three videos and unfortunately they are probably not the best due to movement typical I know but I was so intrigued I thought I was getting a very steady shot while in real life I did not. I don’t know the quality of these videos while uploading but I do have them on my phone if there’s another way to send them with better quality thank you for your time
