{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463056","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97901","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3314,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/056/mufon-5463056.json","updb_database_id":5463056}
{jpg} i saw 3 orbs of light ascen d a small mountain across from where I was sitting at sperry Grade. There were numerous UFO evens in this immed area.

I lived in montana for 5 years from 1975 to 1980. I stayed with my best friend from high school and her husband at a house they owned call sperry Grade on rt about 40 min by car from Missoula mt. Their house was near and up from rt 200. the only rd around. across the road was the black foot river and a cow pasture and a hilly range rose up behind it. As the house was set above that valley there was a clear shot of that areafrom the large front porch that ran the entire fron of the house. we would often sit out there. It was serene and beautiful. I am pretty sure it was the summer as we could sit outside. Oneday I was sitting out there when all of a sudden 3 colored orbs ascended up the small mountain and when the reached the top they disappeared. There was no noise. It was over in a few seconds. I need to emphasize it was quiet with only the sound of theriver and other nature sounds. this was basically wilderness with only the sound of the occasional passing car. The nearest town was Ovando about 10 miles east. A very small town. When I ran inside to tell my friends. They were not surprised as evidently this was a hotbed of UFO activity. From that front porch you could also see a little east to a farm.with cows and farm equipment etc. The people that would sometimes stay with my friends would some times work for the farmer and his wife that owned that farm . This guy was salt of the earth tough as nails, last person to believe in UFO's. But the occuraences that happened on his farm defy explanation.. Though I cant remember all I was told- I do remember theories of the farmer getting help from ET? He would have problems w/ his VERY heavy farm machinery. At some time when the farmer and his wife were asleep these pieces of equipment would be moved like toys around his property. There were a lot of tales I was told but that is the only on one I remember, I would like to know if there were other UFO episodes at that time in that region. I am not sure if it was august- I'll say summer as I am not sure- Only lived at that location for les that a year and then I moved to Missoula. what prompted me to tell you this is I watched your Hanger 1 series. I have never forgotten that sighting that I had.I do not think give the location and the fact that these lights were traveling upward that this was anything manmade. I know this is a small thing but I have wondered about it all these years. I know at the time there was this whole thing especially in Eastern montana about finding the cattle all drained of blood or something like that. Thank you
