{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288056","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115316","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2304,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/056/mufon-5288056.json","updb_database_id":5288056}
Multiple

I have weird experiences throughout my entire life. Three separate sightings of UFO's. But I constantly wake up with new scoop marks, I have 5 now. My left ankle, My left hip, My left elbow, My right temple, and My right inner arm. I have recurring nightmares my entire life of scary disasterous events and my cell phone calls not being able to go through, even to 911. I have had multiple stomach problems my entire life with no known cause and now I have had sinus problems the last 3 months with no known cause. I have a lump in my lower left back but there is no mark there. I constantly wake up screaming and terrified the second someone comes into my room, and my body is paralyzed but I am conscious I know it is my mom or my dad or my girlfriend waking me up but I can't see them. I cannot sleep unless my body is directly touching my wall because I physically need it to feel safe. I've woken up in different locations multiple times in my life, once in my backyard, once in my friend Meghans bathroom, multiple times in my bathroom. I constantly hear things in a high frequency and just weird noises, last night specifically I heard what sounded like an alarm but high pitched twice LOUD and my girlfriend right next to me didn't hear anything.I have super irrational fear of bright lights I am constantly in the dark in my room, living room, wherever I am I want it to be dark. I understand that this is not a specific ABDUCTION but I know I have seen aliens on three separate occasions. In my house in Lewiston, Maine. When I moved to Massachusetts I saw them above my apartment. And now in Aurora, KY I saw them the second day I moved here in the daylight blue sky, right above my house again.
