{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-19 01:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453056","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108578","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3028,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/056/mufon-5453056.json","updb_database_id":5453056}
Bright light appeared at first to be pulsating star broke off into a pattern of lights left the atmosphere in less than a second sequentially.

I saw a major UFO event with my sister about 5 years ago. It was quite incredible and seemed to me to be 100 percent alien technology that I have never heard of before. (This next part is going to sound like 100 percent [profanity removed/CMS], but it was my experience none the less.) I had just begun practicing meditation on regular basis and would do it at night on my parents deck at night time. I would focus on growing my energy field to extend throughout the entire galaxy. Well after doing this for a few weeks a new object appeared in the sky and it would flicker different colors of green, red, blue and white. I just thought maybe it was a star or a planet and only appeared to be flickering because of an illusion caused by a scientific phenomenon I wasn’t aware of. None the less, in light of the new light in the sky, I kept meditating and started focusing my energy towards the flashing orb in the sky; for a few weeks I would face towards the light and meditate. One night I was deep into a meditation and was startled by my sister flipping on the kitchen light. I decided I would go in and ask her if she knew what the light in the sky was. She was on the phone with her then boyfriend when I asked her to come outside and tell me if she thought I was looking at Jupiter or some other planet. So we go out to the deck and I said, “Do you see that flickering light?” and pointed towards it. Instantaneously as I pointed towards the light it exploded outward and from it 7 or so orbs began to circle where the flickering light once was. My sister started screaming WTF!!! To her boyfriend on the phone. I was stuck frozen in amazement watching the spectacle develop. These orbs were now moving in perfect sync performing formations and moving at an incredible pace. Then they all started spinning around the center of where the light once was extremely rapidly and one by one they were launched across the nights sky in streaks of light never to be seen again. This is the first I’ve ever recounted this event on the internet, but if anyone else witnessed this event please message me. To this day I question my whole reality because of this one event. The only reason I don’t think I’m completely insane is because my sister was there to witness it with me.
