{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-07-14 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528056","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27541","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3055,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/056/mufon-5528056.json","updb_database_id":5528056}
Ufo looking for some type of organic or inorganic matter

I am from Maine, we went up to see my uncle *(Name deleted--CMS/sg)in Damracotta in Maine which is on a big lake with the same name. My Father brought our tent and we camped in the back yard. My uncles property covers 36 acres. There is a road that leads down to the lake. There is a small a frame shack that we keep the 14 foot canoe under. Well, my parents went out somewhere with my uncle and we were in the backyard. *(Name deleted--CMS/sg) was watching us but we were alone. I talked my brother and my little sister to go down to the lake and we were going to try to catch some fish. We got the canoe out and it started to get dark very quickly. We rowed the boat out into the lake towards Baked bean island. The water depth at this point is about 50 to 60 feet deep. I started to row towards a north direction when I looked over at the other side of the shore. I saw some type of airborne vehicle in the air with lights that were similar to car lights. They were moving around looking in the deep woods for something. On Damaracotta lake at that time were very few houses. The craft moved and stopped with its lights moving as though it was a crime scene. I told my little brother about what I saw he looked at it and was concerned. The I got a good look at the top of the craft. The milky way stars lit the sky up where I could see that there was no blades or it was no airplane because it moved and stopped. I rowed the canoe closer in the direction of it when my 6 year old sister and my brother started to cry and get upset. The craft came out over the waters edge and what I saw underneath was the most beautiful machine I ever saw. The canoe was rocking back and forth I knew I had to leave soon. The bottom of the ufo had a center, which had 6 to 8 rings which turned in syncopation to each other. The outer rim was lined with red and blue and white small oval lights with small light blue beams which made a comple circle on there own. I started back with the canoe, looking back the whole ship tilted sligtly and went at a 45 degree angle into the milky way, no sound, no smoke. The only thing we felt was our eaqrs popping. We took the boat back, quickly, and ran back to the house, getting to the house our family was back and we could not speak for a half hour because we were so excited. We finally told our story and it was collabrated by reports from the police and some locals in the area.
