{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-25 23:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499056","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60096","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2378,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/056/mufon-5499056.json","updb_database_id":5499056}
BRIGHT hovering lights in a triangular formation

I live at the top of a high rise condo building and have a perfectly clear view of the South and West horizons. At approximately 11:10PM I walked into the kitchen to get some water. As I fill the glass with water, I notice three VERY bright star-looking objects hovering in a triangle formation miles away in the West over Mississauga. At first I thought they might be planes as there is an airport close by. However, my cousin (who I live with) and I see planes all day and night and have never noticed something this bright in the sky and HOVERING in the same position for approximately 5 minutes. Anyway, after filling my glass with water I walked directly to the window and stared at the bright lights in a triangular pattern. These objects have still not moved at all. They were in the same position for a few minutes at this point. I banged on my cousin's door to get a second pair of eyes and asked him to confirm what I saw. We both stared at the bright triangle, which seemed to then pulsate slightly, but still these were the brightest objects in the sky that we've ever seen. Also, every plane in the sky that we have ever seen at night either near Porter Airport or Pearson Airport have blinking lights, not solid and not even close to the brightness as these three star-like objects in a triangular formation. Even if three planes were flying extremely close to each other coming DIRECTLY at us, there is no way the lights could be that bright from that distance. As we continued to watch, the light at the bottom right of the triangle vanished. It then reappeared very bright again. Eventually all three points of the triangle just vanished one by one within approximately one minute, still while remaining in the same spot.
