{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-09-06 20:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481056","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78987","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3233,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/056/mufon-5481056.json","updb_database_id":5481056}
{nd} Six unidentified objects - Local and military vessels conducted recognizance flights overhead

At 8:50 PM, two jets, two low flying planes and a helicopter flew directly overhead, traveling N by NW. Within the same minute, a third low flying plane and second helicopter with a search light flew over. 60 degrees W, a white star-like object appeared about the same brightness as Mars. It hovered for a moment, appeared solid white and abruptly flew N for about 10 seconds before spontaneously disappearing. 
A second object spontaneously appeared at 9:00 PM from 60 degrees S. It flew N by NE in a subtle zigzag flight pattern for approximately 30 seconds and continued past the horizon. Both objects were star-like and unwavering white in color. One minute after the second object disappeared, two very low flying planes and a helicopter flew overhead. 
At 9:03 PM, the third object appeared from the NE almost directly overhead and traveled S in a linear flight path. It shared the same brightness as the first two objects and was unwavering white in color. 
At 9:05 PM, my wife came outside and we witnessed a fourth object from the W traveling S by SE for five seconds and spontaneously disappearing. Lasting for only a split second, we did see one meteor in the S by SW sky. However, without doubt we both attest that the third object was not a meteor or something entering the atmosphere. I can confirm that all unidentified objects were not space debris entering our atmosphere.
Between 9:15 PM - 9:20 PM, the fourth object appeared 45 degrees W. It traveled N for approximately 20 seconds before spontaneously disappearing 60 degrees above the horizon. Within this time-frame, one helicopter, one jet and two low flying planes appeared. One plane had a search light.
9:30 PM, at approximately 60 degrees W, a fifth object appeared. It traveled N in a white, unwavering path for 10 seconds before disappearing. Two low-flying planes circled directly overhead between 9:30 PM and 9:40 PM.
The sixth and final object appeared at 9:55 PM 45 degrees S. It hovered for a moment and then started traveling N by NE. This object was also unwavering white in color and disappeared within five seconds. Within a minute of the final sighting, a jet traveling from the S flew directly overhead and continued a linear flight pattern to the NE.
All unidentified objects moved at relatively the same speed, slower than a satellite but faster than the jets. Only the afterburners from the jets, engines from the low-flying planes and blades from the helicopters were heard. No sound was heard from the six unidentified, white unwavering objects.
