{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-14 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518144","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39353","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2439,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/144/mufon-5518144.json","updb_database_id":5518144}
3 objects - plane-like, flying back and forth over hanging rock mountain

I, my sister-in-law, mother-in-law, and young toddler where walking around in the front yard when I saw two shiny objects flying slowly back and forth over the nearby mountain around 7:30 p.m.....They caught my eye because the sun was reflecting on them so well and I didn't believe them to be planes or jets. I thought one looked alot like an airship/blimp. My baby and I walked to the backyard to play and I noticed the objects again. We went inside to get binoculars...She is 20 months old and actually pointed at the objects. I also alerted my husband who saw them as well. He shrugged them off as airplanes of course and went back inside. A 3rd one appeared moments later that looked different. Through the binoculars I realized the sun was making the objects shiny. Several minutes later I observed that the sun wasnt shining on them anymore.....one was black, red and plane-like and one was silver and cigar-shaped but the other would not come close enough to observe. The 3 objects flew very slow back and forth for about 30 minutes The black one flew slowly off towards Virginia. The silver one and the unknown one flew several times around the mountain area and one even disappeared before my eyes. Then they were gone. I waited for 5 more minutes and then I just went inside, afraid. I heard no noise whatsoever the whole time I was observing. There were no vapor trails but it did appear there was heat around the objects. They were moving slower than most planes fly around this area. We see many planes and different kind of planes go over everyday...but today was different. I have never seen anyhting like this. Absolutely awesome and distubing at the same time. I am no longer a skeptic and I do not feel safe. Planes or UFOs - something didn't feel right.
