{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-03-01 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511144","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47230","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2723,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/144/mufon-5511144.json","updb_database_id":5511144}
{cak} Large black triangle with a single large round light in each corner flew west at a walking pace at what seemed to be just over the tree tops and sounded like a commercial jet that was flying at 20,000 ft.

I must have been about 13 at the time of this event, I am 29 at the moment yet the image in my head is still very clear but the exact date is hard to recall. One evening my sister, which is approximately 4 years older than myself, were in the back yard playing catch. I recall the sun had been setting when we first stepped out of the house and the air was cool with little humidity so it had to have been either spring or fall. Just as we were getting ready to head in due to it becoming dark out, we heard the low rumble of what we thought was a commercial jet flying high in the sky, but when we turned to observe it, we noticed it was not a commercial aircraft; it was something we both had never seen before. The object was quite large. It was moving at what seemed to be a walking pace, like that of a jet in the distance but the object seemed to be flying very low, almost just above the treetops. This tells me that the aircraft was either flying low and slow and was about the size of a football field or it was flying very high and fast and was quite massive in scale. The aircraft was dark in color, probably black and had a round white light in each corner. The texture was not smooth, it appeared to have some sort of geometric patter stamped into it. I recall staring at it as it flew over us from our left heading west, we were facing south. It flew at a steady speed and we watched it until we it disappeared over the horizon. I remember being entranced, completely captivated by what was happening before my eyes. I also recall not thinking of anything, I was simply watching it, as if it were something familiar. We immediately turned to one another and said we should tell our parents so we did. We described it to my father and he sketched our description. I recently brought it up to my father and he thought we were "pulling their legs" and was shocked to hear that we were in fact telling the truth.
