{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-03-01 03:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492144","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67406","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2890,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/144/mufon-5492144.json","updb_database_id":5492144}
{jpg} large V shaped craft, slow moving, no noise or sound, no tail on end

I was working as a security officer, i went to off the job to a short distant away to visit another security officer at a mall. We were both in our vehicles talking. It was a clear night, stars in sky very visible. I looked up to see the stars and i noticed right over head a large V shaped craft flying overhead. It was dark and had 5 round light on it. It was flying very slow, flying south west and i noticed no sound came from it. I yelled at the over officer to look up, but he looked at me like i was crazy, by the time he looked up it was just past his vehicle. I told him to get out and look at it before it hit the city lights and you couldnt see it anymore. He never saw it and reported to my boss that he thought i was on drugs. Later i started drawing it on paper and showing friends what i saw, most thought i was making it up. Later on i started a security job at a holiday inn and part of my job was to deliver first USA today newspapers to the priority club members. I noticed on the front page, was a digital image of exactly what i saw fly over mount vernon, IL, it was the phoenix lights story. I showed the newspaper to those friends that didnt believe me. It was so visible, due to the clear sky, i could make out the shape, because it blocked out the other stars. I thought to myself, i was in the military and seen many air craft, i never saw anything like this that had no tail on the end. It was very wide. I stood up and put my hands up in the air to measure it, from where i was at my hands were about 3 feet apart. To this day, i dont know what it was, i cant say it is an alien craft, but something ive never seen before. If it is a Govt craft, its something no one knows about. It didnt make any erratic moves, it flew in a straight line, slow, and moving south west, towards phoenix path. To this day, its bothered me, because i dont know what it was, but it was comforting to know many people saw what i saw in phoenix. All i can say is, i just want to know what it was, and was it alien, or a new human technology. the only evidence i have is its exactly what they saw in phoenix, the newspaper image on the front page is what i saw. I would be more than willing to take a lie detector test
