{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501144","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57927","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4590,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/144/mufon-5501144.json","updb_database_id":5501144}
Witnessed a large aerial sphere. Seen from many parts of the UK.

I'm unsure about the actual date of this sighting, but it was on the front page of the Guardian newspaper the next morning where the story was, as I recall, the headline.

Whatever it was that I saw was simultaneously witnessed by people in other parts of the UK hundreds of miles from Cambridge, where I was living.

My experience was that I was walking back to my parents house at around 1am, having been visiting friends who lived at the junction of Milton Road and Gilbert Road. I was walking SW on Milton Road, when my attention was drawn to a large spherical object which appeared to be in the sky over Milton Road school. It wasn't moving, and was apparently either lit from within or otherwise emanating light, more or less white in colour.

My immediate reaction was that this was a large full moon, but something seemed to be wrong about it. I couldn't pinpoint why I felt this, but I thought the best thing to do was turn through 3601 and see if I could see the moon elsewhere. 
I was standing at the time in front of a 4 or 5 story modern apartment building called Mayfair Court. I did the scan, and saw no moon. I therefore assumed that what I could see over the school, the other side of the road (the West side) was, in fact, the full moon.

I then thought it was just possibly a bank of football-pitch lights which had been left on, and the rectangular display, seen from an angle, was somehow diffusing out, with the humidity in the night air, into an apparently circular/spherical shape. I thought I could check this the next day, as there was a football pitch with lights nearby, though I reckoned it was too far to the left of the school for this explanation to be valid. I located the sphere with reference to the school, and carried on towards my parents house.

I turned left down an alley called Springfield Terrace. Mayfair Court was now on my left, and as I progressed down the alley, I saw what had been invisible earlier.....a crescent moon, low in the sky, which had been behind Mayfair Court from my earlier position.

At this point I should have immediately gone back and got as close to the object as possible! Unfortunately I didn't....which I now can't explain.

I got home and as my mother was still up, reading, I told her about it, saying I thought I'd "seen a UFO". I debated whether it was worth reporting it straight away to the Cambridge Police, but decided this would be fairly pointless.

I went to bed. 

Next morning, I came down and the first thing my mother said was "Look at this!" This being the headline story in the Guardian newspaper.....a large glowing spherical object had been reported by multiple witnesses from widely separated sites all over England.

She said "That's exactly how you described what you saw".

The most interesting detail was yet to come.

About 2 weeks later, in an inside page story in the Guardian, an anonymous 'Government scientific spokesman' gave an 'official explanation' for the spate of sightings.

It was.....a cloud of fluorescent gas which had escaped from a government research establishment (which wasn't names).

It just struck me as an obviously ludicrous 'explanation' to anyone capable of rational thought....it would be impossible to see a sphere of fluorescent gas simultaneously from the many different locations, but rather more importantly, gas can't remain in a spherical shape in the atmosphere unless in a spherical containment.

I asked myself whether this was deliberate disinformation, and if so, whether they actually imagined anyone would believe it?

I was the sole witness from where I was standing, but I've put 30 as the number (approximate) of people who reported the same thing to the authorities at around the same time.

This is the Google map ref of the sighting area in Cambridge...

https://maps.google.co.uk/maps/ms?msa=0&msid=101760012373382337168.0004345bc101ec0c699a4&dg=feature
