{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496144","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63265","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4091,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/144/mufon-5496144.json","updb_database_id":5496144}
{nd} Took pictures from plane window as we broke the clouds and unintentionally captured the object/s on 3 of 4 photos taken.

I was flying a Delta Airlines flight from Minneapolis International Airport to Chicago's O'Hare International Airport on December 26th, 2014 around 9:00 am or so (I'm unsure of exact departure time off the top of my head.) What felt like maybe 5 or 10 minutes after take off our plane had just broken through cloud cover and being that my phone was on "air plane mode" I figured it would be cool to take some pictures of the clouds because I don't get to fly a lot. My seat was somewhat positioned between 2 windows so to make sure I got at least 1 good shot, I took 4 pictures in total (Just to be clear, the 5th photo is a zoomed in "screen shot" of the 4th photo object. The first picture was taken out of the window that was closer to the passenger in front of me (object in top left corner), the 2nd photo was taken out of the window that was closer to the passenger behind me (no object), and the last 2 photos were from the same window as the 1st (object again in almost the same top left location). 

After taking the photos I had looked up and saw that no one else had any electronic devices out so I thought maybe I should put it away. Because of this I didn't look at the photo's I had taken until we landed otherwise I would FOR SURE have taken more and probably even a video..so sorry about that. : / Once I had time to look them over I was pretty excited to see if they turned out well, but didn't expect them to be THIS interesting. I have never really thought about UFO's or things like this before but when I first saw these pictures I really had no doubt in my mind that this was something not normally seen by many...I showed my uncle and he thought it was a plane and gave it no more than a 2 second glance...I suppose it could be military or something but I don't know what plane goes that high up considering my plane was more than likely already half way to cruising altitude (maybe between 10 and 20 thousand feet) at time of taking these...Also, when zoomed in on the photos (especially the 4th one) I can't see any resemblance of a plane at all. No wings or tail or anything...I see a grey-ish triangle or pyramid shaped object with significantly strict uniformed edges and absolutely NO sign of any trail coming from it like a plane at that altitude might have. All in all, I decided to not just keep it on my phone with out telling anyone so here I am a month and a half later giving it to people who might know more. 

Also, just in case anyone is wondering, I emailed myself the photos from my "gallery" on my iphone and saved then to my computer to upload to this site...other than that, nothing has been tampered with, edited, cropped, cut, or anything else like that...as I stated earlier, the 5th picture here is simply just a zoomed in and "screen shot" version of the object in the 4th photo. Thanks and have a good day!
