{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-03-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502144","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56875","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2836,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/144/mufon-5502144.json","updb_database_id":5502144}
{dr}Hovered stationary for at least 10-15 minutes with red flashing lights that rotated in a triangular shape, then all lights went to one light, then totally disappeared.

We lived on a dirt road and there were no bright lights near our house and I was driving back from dropping off a movie at a Blockbuster sort of late at night and was almost ready to turn into my driveway when I noticed these red lights flashing in a moving triangular pattern. The object itself was stationary. I immediately stopped and watched not knowing what they could have been since I knew it couldn't have been a plane and didn't look like a helicopter.It was a little after ten p.m. at night and i just sat and watched these lights going around in a perfect triangle shape. I began to wonder how long this could go on since it was getting later and my husband knew I was just dropping off a movie. I sat outside in the truck for probably ten to fifteen minutes,then all at once the red lights all went to a single point of light and then just disappeared completely. I knew right then that what I had just witnessed was a UFO. Telling my husband and friends I had to face kidding and ridicule , but I didn't care. The next day at work, I told people and they all said I was "having flashbacks" kiddingly, but I still knew what I had seen was true. Later that night, my friend from work called me to say that she had just seen on the news that there were sightings in Kissimmee area and reports of a farmer having chickens die from something unknown. I immediately felt vindicated since that was the area in the sky that I was looking towards, even though it was a long way from my house. I even went so far as to call Lockheed Martin security the night before, to see if anything strange had happened there but of course not. To this day I still believe in what I saw and still look to the night skies to see what I might be able to see. I realize that this is being sent to you years late but at the time i didn't know who to talk to since I wasn't believed by anyone and I myself had no pictures or proof, but it can at least be on record and maybe help 
cooberate someone else's report of that time. I believe in life out there and we should all be open to this.
