{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-02 23:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524387","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31470","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3977,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/387/mufon-5524387.json","updb_database_id":5524387}
Multiple orbs flying in random directions then circuling and spiraling down, then shooting up.

Multiple UAFs/UFOs flying over Downtown Miami on September 2, 2011. 

Lights / UAFs / UFOs were viewed over the Bank of America building at roughly 11:20 PM. At the time, we were sitting on our balcony of our building. The two of us were speaking when an orb caught my eye, flying in a circle, disappearing and then reappearing. I wore glass and thought maybe it was a reflection from my lens. I asked "hey, out of curiosity, do you see that behind you above the Bank of America building?" She quickly did see it  

There were multiple lights for about 5 minutes. They would fly in circles and then spiral down and quickly shoot back up. We viewed at least 2 to 3 at a time at one point. At first, we tried recording / shooting photos on an iPhone4 camera. Nothing came out. We remembered that there was a camera in the bedroom so we ran in to grab it. By the time we were recording, we only got about 40 seconds of footage and they were no longer spiraling down and back up again. However, you can see in the video that they are circling, disappearing and reappearing. 

Unfortunately, the video quality is horrible compared to what we actually saw (Kodak EasyShare M380). Although they come up on the camera, they were actually much easier to see with the naked eye for the majority of the sighting. Also, although they appear to be blinking in the video at some points, the lights were never blinking; they remained solid, disappeared, and then reappeared seconds later.  

As for what we thought the object was, we considered started discussing what we were seeing (the conclusions of our discussion is located below). I try to keep an objective mind so I can't say what this was. All I know is that there was something physical there and I've never seen anything like it before. 

Some facts to note: 

We live 15 minutes from Miami International. However, this did not appear to be an airplane. They did not maneuver like airplanes and moved to fast to be airplanes. Also, with this proximity to the airport, the airplanes fly EXTREMELY low to the ground both during takeoff and landing; these were too high to be taking off or landing aircraft. Further, we are pretty familiar with the flight paths both to and from the airport and this area was not part of the typical flight paths that we have previously witnessed.

Separately, this seemed unlike any helicopter I1ve ever seen. They seemed pretty high, did not make any noise, and did not have any blinking lights. Also, again, I1ve never seen a helicopter maneuver this fast or in the same fashion.

Additionally, if these were helicopters/airplanes, they were flying extremely close together . . . probably too close under FAA regulations (though I'm not 100% certain what those regs say). 

Last, in the video, there appears to be a spotlight pointed up into the sky, possibly from the Bank of America Building. I do not believe the light was reflecting off of these UAFs (they seemed to bright). However, the moment they spotlight is shut off, the UAFs disappear. 

I would be interested to know what Miami International had on radar, if anything.

If you require any further information, please contact me.
