{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-30 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469387","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91143","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3216,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/387/mufon-5469387.json","updb_database_id":5469387}
{td} An extremely large diamond shape was hovering behind 2 large pine trees. It had thousands of small white lights all over the surface.

1. We were looking for wildlife out our kitchen window (deer, raccoon, fox, ext. visit near our house nightly).
2. There was an extremely bright large light hovering about half way down and behind two large pine trees. You couldn't help but notice it.
3. We had never seen any light like it. We couldn't figure out what it could be or how it was hovering there, so we used binoculars.
4. The object was extremely large. It was diamond like with rounded points. The entire surface was covered with thousands of small very bright white lights. We both commented that it reminded us of the New year's Eve ball in Times Square in NYC. After about 5 minutes, my husband got his camera and walked to the neighbors driveway to take a picture. I continued to use the binoculars the entire time. My husband took a picture and the flash went off. Just then the UFO began to move slowly forward, ascending slightly till just above the trees then it leveled off and kept moving forward. When it was just to the right of my center, I saw the UFO split into two diamond shapes. Both were covered with lights. The first was white, the second was read. The two objects were attached at the back and front points. Upon reaching my dead center. The two diamonds turned into 3 circles( white, then yellow, then red all covered with lights). The circles touched and connected to one another in a straight line as it continued to move across the horizon. Upon reaching my left of center, the 3 circles then turned into 4 circles ( white, then yellow, green then red all covered with lights). The circles touched and connected to one another in a straight line as it continued to move across the horizon. And finally after moving a little faster forward and to my left, the 4 circles turned into a V shape or isosceles triangle shape with small white yellow,green,and red spread out light along the edge). You could suddenly hear a jet like sound as it moved in a straight line across the horizon and out of sight.
5. We were excited and in awe and disbelief.  
6. 10 minutes from the time we noticed it.
