{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-12 05:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481387","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78630","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2747,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/387/mufon-5481387.json","updb_database_id":5481387}
Took off like plane then dissolve to cloud

1) I was home and I had the feeling I'll see something like many times before.
2) First I notice a plane that was taking off and behind it another object with the same size and overall body shape without wings and much more reflective then the plane.
3) I've seen this object 4 or 5 times in last 6 months and many more times other objects. No matter what I think about the object at the end will be speculation about its nature. What matter to me is, Why they are not hiding anymore? Why they are most of the time over big cities? What is the purpose of all of this?
4) Basically the object was taking off like a regular plane first I saw it around 30 degrees above horizon and it was movie 60 degrees NE After I was sure it's not a plane or helicopter a ran to get my camera after I came back it was not there, I ran to the other side of the building and I took the images. All event from first sighting to end where I made the images was about around 1 min. The object was a lot more faster then a plane and in a much higher altetude for a plane can make for 1min.
5) Like I set, I've seen those UFOs for very long time almost every day or week if I look to the sky. I was just happy that finally I manage to take the image no matter how good it is. I know I can feel them and I know when to look. It can be instinct of self-preservation, good six sense or whatever. Most of the time I always look at the right time. They are there they are showing more often.
6) Well... It' just disappeared to cloud.

I'm providing you JPG copy of the original raw CR2 images.
I won't be providing CR2 images with the raw meta data to you because of copy right terms.

I'm giving you rights over the JPG images as a proof and your own research. We can keep this conversation open if you like to know or ask something more.
