{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-05-01 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471387","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89085","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4619,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/387/mufon-5471387.json","updb_database_id":5471387}
{jpg} Entity witnessed, flower plants taken and footprints left behind, 3 circles appeared the next day

I was working second shift as a field engineer at the shipyard and would get home between 11:30 and midnight. I would listen to the Richmond rock station at 102.1 MHz to relax (better music than the local stations) and sometimes a challenge to receive, since it was 80 miles away. This night reception was excellent and it was 1:30 am before I knew it. I told myself I would listen to one more song before going to bed. About a minute later, I heard some static that is characteristic of weak signal fading on FM. OK, so I would go to bed now. I turned the stereo off and went down the hall to the master bedroom. 

Before I could turn on the room light, I noticed an orange glow, like a sodium vapor light, and some blue-green flashing lights out my back window. I had window shades on all windows, since I needed near-dark to sleep during the day when I was on 3rd shift. I approached the window to open the shade and get a better look. My backyard adjoined a soybean field operated by the Baptist retirement home that was on the next street over. I knew they weren't out harvesting soybeans at 1:30 am. A voice in the back of my head warned me not to open the shade. I started to anyway, but was warned again. The shades I bought had the edges curled in the 2 years since I had bought them, so I was able to see out a narrow slit. In the orange glow, I saw a figure about 4 feet high. It turned back towards the lights and disappeared out of my field of view. I tried to move the shade, but my fingers and arm wouldn't respond. 

The lights got much fainter and disappeared, all within a few seconds. Then, I was able to open the shade. I saw nothing. Suddenly I remembered the previous events of my life (Enfield, CT 1966 and 1974). Again I asked them what was happening. I asked if it really was them. The answer I got was 'you will know soon'.

The following morning I immediately went to my backyard and looked for any indication of the previous evening's activity. I saw nothing. I was very disappointed, for at last I thought I had real evidence.

A few days later, I looked out the window and saw 3 rings touching each other. They appeared to be perfect circles about 12 feet in diameter and from 4-6 inches in thickness and made of a grey-black powder. 

My next door neighbor, a retired air force officer was gardening out back. I brought him a grass blade from the area. He immediately identified the material as a fungus common to the area due to the high humidity. He said the fungus typically starts as a small patch, then grows in random shapes outward, sometimes forming rings up to 2-3 feet over a period of several weeks. I showed him the 3 perfect 12 foot circles that appeared overnight. He had never seen anything like that. 

He then showed me several places where some of his azaleas were missing. The dirt was still fresh, like they were pulled out by the roots. There was a footprint about 5 or 6 inches long near the plants. It looked like someone was wearing swimming fins with no obvious toe or heel marks. He thought some kids stole the flowers at night. He had several variety of azaleas, and it appeared that at least one of each color was missing. 

I figured it would be little point in telling him what I saw a couple of days earlier, but I gave him a condensed version. I said "Maybe aliens came from space, spread fungus spores in perfect rings in my backyard, then stole some of your azaleas, just for fun." A look of shock came over his face, like I just revealed a State secret. He was not amused by my whimsical explanation. Instead, he asked me to tell him if I ever saw any little kids messing around his backyard. "Sure" I said, "I'll let you know."

The rings remained for weeks through several mowings. This was my last encounter with the aliens.
