{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-26 16:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484387","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75448","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3248,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/387/mufon-5484387.json","updb_database_id":5484387}
{dr}Aboard aircraft flying home observed odd looking con trail and unknown anomolies.

Flying home from Phoenix to Seattle aboard a Boeing 737, widow seat. It is 4:35 in the afternoon. Crystal clear skies. I had observed several other jets along the way higher and lower with typical con trails as the sky was perfectly clean and I was just enjoying looking out the window. I had my Samsung Galaxy S6 in hand playing a game on and off when I noticed a con trail directly above us with was very odd looking. The pilot said we would be flying at 35,000 feet and this craft was a good distance above us flying perpendicular to our direction. I could not estimate how far above us it was nor the speed. We were still in Oregon but approaching the Columbia River in the distance near The Dalles Oregon. There were two distinct con trails but one was dramatically different than the other so I snapped off 4 quick photos of it as we continued on. I watched as long as I could but at these speeds it only lasted a brief time. As I sat and looked at my photos and enlarged them it became more interesting as the the con trail in question had a very strange shape. As I looked more I noticed a bluish Green orb with lights down in the lower left hand portion of my photo as well as other oddities. I have seen numerous photos of these strange orbs but never actually seen one myself. I have no idea what this was but it was strange. You can find other anomolies in these photos but they could be a product of the window as the sun was very bright shining from the west. As I said we were flying to Seattle in a NW direction and this object was flying in SW direction. I have no idea what this was but it is certainly interesting. One photo is not in good focus but does show some sort of rainbow effect.
