{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-06-10 18:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503387","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55557","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2529,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/387/mufon-5503387.json","updb_database_id":5503387}
{cak} Driving saw bright

Prior to this event witnessed psychic energy and unusual happenings, including afterward. Believed I was having hallucinations, went for help. Then I noticed many people with the same psychological affect. Scared of the woods. While back had dream of waking up in woods prior to seeing a bright light coming through my window. Believed this to be dissociative delusion, perhaps a nightmare. Schizophrenia perhaps. 

This all (probably not physically related) led up to driving down the road on a hot summer day seeing a really bright object flying by over the soccer fields in Simsbury. At first believed it to be a passenger jet, though looking back it was really bright. Perhaps it gave off radiation I am not sure. Went back to look later nothing unusual. Haven't seen it since. Could not figure out what this was. Sounds like a lie, though I believe other people were in the area. Maybe they saw it too and will read this later and support this statement. 

Afterward felt intense heat and paranoia, like having my mind read by a machine. Said events occurred (not-exact) between 1996 - 2006 (maybe earlier)? Researched the phenomena psychological and abnormal - even paranormal ; could not figure out what this was all about. Do recall strange factoring out and trucks after moving. 

New living quarters were all "scary" after these events. Felt like I was in the center of attention - perhaps a pentagram of madness. Starting hiding out and it seems to have stopped. Still have not been able to figure out what it was. Took out books and still does not make sense. Been ridiculed, I believe somehow relative to these happenings. Perhaps a hex of some sort I do not know. I realize it sounds imagined, though I believe something opened up, passed through. Very careful now as well as "scared of the woods." 

Some of the times in said report are off due to reporting these thoughts some years later.
