{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-10-27 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505387","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53474","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2382,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/387/mufon-5505387.json","updb_database_id":5505387}
{cak} Two triangular shaped objects flying in unison moving at about 25mph at about 150 ft in altitude.

I was standing just my door of my garage on the north side of my house smoking a cigarette because I do not smoke inside. I first noticed the object coming from the west. I first noticed the object because it was moving too slow and did not have the usual navigation or strobe lights. The object moved silently to the north. The were two triangular isosceles shaped vehicles. The lead vehicle had soft white lights on each point. The second vehicle was just below with its lead point just below and seemed to just about touch the lead vehicle. The vehicle had no lights on its points but did have a large pulsating light in its middle. It reminded me of military C5 aircraft refueling an AWACS, however, I could not see any connection between the two. My view of these crafts was enhanced by light pollution from the city which gave the sky a light gray hue. there was no noise at all on its flight path which was slow and straight. My feelings was one of wonder and a strange feeling as to who or what was flying this thing and also I was wondering if any one else had seen it. I think about this event all the time. I cannot forget it. I called a friend who lived about three miles northeast of my location immediately after I lost sight as it went beyond the tree line. She never caught sight of it. I was later interviewed by our local ABC affiliated TV station which featured a program " Strange lights over Richmond".
I served in the Navy as an Aviation Electricians Mate and later as an Army Infantry Officer. I still work for the department of Defense and certify that everything that I have recounted is true.
I will even submit to Hypnosis because I still have to know.
