{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-06 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475387","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84905","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2808,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/387/mufon-5475387.json","updb_database_id":5475387}
{nd} Spotted reflective object hovering in sky above my home.

I came out to my patio to drink coffee, look at stuff on my phone and intermittently watch flights come into DFW. I've been around aircraft almost my entire life. As a child, I could identify aircraft by sight whether they were sitting on the ground or flying above me. My father was a private pilot and my Grandfather worked for McDonnell Douglas (Project Manager on the C-5) so they used to quiz me on the aircraft we saw while driving or whatever. My point is, I am very well versed on aircraft. I had started walking around (coming off of an injury) and when I glanced up, there was a highly reflective spot hovering in the sky. I stood there trying to figure out what I was looking at. Because it was hovering, I honestly thought it was a helicopter but there weren't rotors. It kind of looked like the main body of an airplane but it didn't have wings. It was cylindrical and extremely reflective. I think it was rotating because the sun glanced off of it intermittently or at least that was my impression.

I decided I had to take a picture of it while it was hovering there and right after I snapped the first shot, it started to move. It moved so fast that of the two pics I snapped right in a row, it is visible in the first pic but not in the second. There was a disturbance around the craft that I could see on my phone. It reminded me of the Wi-Fi symbol. Like, gasses coming out of the sides and radiating out. The effect is noted in the pic if you zoom in as far as possible. I uploaded both pics so that MUFON can see it was there and then gone in the time it took to press the button rapidly right in a row. 

At first, I was shocked and then intrigued. It's rare for me to be stumped when identifying airplanes so when I didn't have an answer, later, I went looking online to see if others had witnessed an object similar to what I saw. I found similar objects on YouTube posted by others who saw basically the same kind of craft I did.
