{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-15 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528924","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26620","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3040,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/924/mufon-5528924.json","updb_database_id":5528924}
Reddish/Yellow

It was between 4 PM and 5 PM on November 15, 2010 at South Bascom Avenue in San Jose, California.

I had just bummed a cigarette from my co-worker and made my way to the parking lot. Once there I sat in my favorite spot with my back to the bushes and my butt on the curb to smoke. I sit there often and stare at sunsets and clouds or the appearance of the first stars in the sky.
This Monday evening was warm and the sky was clear. There was a beautiful sunset and the seagulls were returning from their feeding day at the dump. The seagulls fly in a southeast to northwest direction when returning from the dump. In the morning they always fly the opposite direction on their way to feed at the dump.

While watching the seagulls I noticed a reddish/yellow cigar shaped figure moving in a southwest to northeast direction across the sky. My first thoughts were, wow, that plane is reflecting the sunlight in such a beautiful way. Then I realized the sun was behind the object, from where I was sitting, and the sun had already set behind the mountains.

I continued to stare at the object to see if I could tell if the object was producing the light itself or if it might be a reflecting the sun in some other way. I then realized the object was quite large and was completely lit up by whatever the light source was. It was the only light and it did not blink or change colors. There was no halo to the light. Just a solid light, almost not appearing to be a light, but none the less a very bright light. Well, maybe the whole object. I say the whole object, but it was very high in the sky so maybe only part of it was lit up. Whatever it was the part that was lit up was very large.

About the same time I am realizing how large the craft was by the light I was also realizing the object was very high in the sky so high I should not have seen it. I should have only seen a contrail. Growing up as an Air Force brat you understand from experience a plane that high in the sky cannot be seen or heard; only the contrails can be seen. This object had no contrails, and was very large. At this point I decided I was seeing something I have never seen before and at that point it stopped for a few seconds and then went straight up until it just disappeared.
The craft never sped up or moved in a zig-zag motion. It moved in straight lines at the same speed until it stopped for those few seconds before ascending vertically.
