{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-26 01:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529924","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25579","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5560,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/924/mufon-5529924.json","updb_database_id":5529924}
impossible to do SEE BELOW

First let me say that @ 4-5 years ago I reported a similar black mass that was seen on 2 occasions and at the time I did not know what the heck I was seeing, only that I saw the cloudy mass on a similarly clear night while walking my dogs. In my report I said that my dogs were shaking and clearly freaked out by what seemed to be a black cloudy mass that was blocking out the stars.I was also taken back by what I saw because I couldnt tell how high up it was but it was huge and seemed to change shape.

Now, for what happened last night. I have video and I have still photos as well.
I was outside getting some fresh air as I often do at night.I am a night owl as it were. When Im on the schedule I work the 1900 to 0700 shift outdoors as part of my job and Im always looking up, a habit I got into after that experience described above.
Last night was a strange night, the moon was very bright and nearly full.
However their were intermittent cloud banks that were occassionally partially blocking the moons light.
Okay here is the weird part. When I saw what I am going to describe I had to wake my 25 year old son up to come outside to verify that I wasnt losing my mind. This similar black cloud mass was coming in front of the Moon and blocking the light of the Moon, but it was making an arc and returning to the same place in front of the Moon repeatedly.
I took my cell phone (iphone) and took video of the Moon and its strange cloud mass and on camera I noticed a round white circle that would appear and disappear near the Moon. It was at a 45 degree angle to the Moon and
appeared to the lower left of the Moon.
IF THIS DOES NOT SEEM WEIRD YET, read on.....I could record the episode on video and catch the phenomenon on still digital photos but, YOU COULD NOT SEE THE WHITE CIRCLE WITH YOUR EYE. What I mean is that My son and I were taking video of the object and could see it clearly on our video screen but if you looked just with your naked eye, their was no white circle at all. I thought at first that maybe its my phone camera malfunctioning, so we used my sons identical (iphone) and got the same results. Now even stranger was the fact that over to the West of us was a star or what we assumed was a Star that was very bright and when we pointed the camera at it we could not capture a picture or video of it.
It was 50 times brighter than the white circle we were viewing to the east
but we absolutely could not capture it on camera.
The small white circle that was by the Moon at times would be completely
covered by the cloudy black mass but we were able to film it as if it were not even covered by this cloud mass that seem to stay for awhile and then appeared to drift to the East only to reappear West of the Moon and it would start all over. I watched this for over 2 hours and took several videos of the sighting that could be seen on camera but NOT by the naked eye. It was and is puzzling to me. It just makes NO SENSE at all.
Here we were looking at the monitor with one eye and getting clear video and stills and looking over the camera and seeing nothing at all.
When we decided to call it a night we noticed that the bright star to the West was gone. It should have still been on the horizon but just over a bit like the rest of the stars. Your starview changes as the night goes on, thats just the way it is, but it was gone.
The Moon was still bright and the white circle was still clear as a bell on video but gone if you looked by eye.
Hey Guys what the heck is going on here on Cape Cod. Did anyone else see it? I hope so, because it would really mean alot to us if someone else experienced what we did. Im happy to share the videos and stills with you but it will only show you the Moon and its cloud mass and the little white circle, but I have no way of proving to you that we were not able to see it without the camera.
Listen, I wouldnt bother reporting it but I am baffled and a bit frightened by the whole experience.
My son and I have been having the worst unexplained anxiety today.We both woke up very early and sat quietly in the livingroom sipping coffee just looking at each other without talking about it. It is physically impossible to have this happen isnt it? We have been trying to talk about it, but it just makes no sense at all. So after deciding that we were not going to make sense of this episode, I decided to write MUFON.
Maybe their is a reason and we just don't know enough about it.
Thank you for reading this long drawn out mess of a case.
We would very much appreciate any light you could shed on our sighting.
If you can instruct me on how to get the video and stills off my cell phone and to you I will do so, Im afraid I don't have alot of experience
with this (iphone) maybe I can email directly off of the phone to an email address of your choosing. Call me if you are interested in the footage OKAY!!!

Regards
[names removed/cms/tg]
