{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-10 04:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285924","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117474","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2319,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/924/mufon-5285924.json","updb_database_id":5285924}
It deff looked like it was

Me and my brother had just switched drivers seats on our drive to canada and my mother was trying to rest in the backseat. We had just got back on highway 5 Northbound and i am finally digging into my bag for snacks. My brother says fast "Gee (my nickname) do you see that?" I look up and from the right side I see the object coming down in a smooth 45 degree angle stop suddenly maybe 100 ft at most above ground and then slightly turn. To me it seemed like it was reflecting or beginning to camoflouge itself. And I seemed like i was seeing this object in HD as if it was computer digitized like out of a Sci Fi movie. So the object came from somewhere from the right side of the road to the other side and turned north west (it was on our 10 oclock) and a bright green and blue light came out the back flashing so bright and it just dissapeared infront of our very eyes (maybe took off or not) and when it did that me and my brother both jumped up at the exact same time. "Did you see that?" "Yeah dude I did" no car lights were close to us but they were visible in the very very far distance. If someone was close to us they had to have seen it it was pretty big. My brother said when he first saw it he thought it was a falling star/meteor. And There was no sound at all. I saw a sign that said this many miles to salem and there was a farm bldg not far from where the object finally disappeared. And when i looked at the time I do not think we missed anytime it was just before daybreak. I remember barely pulling off the highway stopping for gas or snacks simply to change driver seats with my brother. My mother saw nothing the whole thing was a matter of seconds.
