{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-24 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286924","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116455","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2741,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/924/mufon-5286924.json","updb_database_id":5286924}
Triangular UFO low to ground south of Charlottesville VA

Another witness and I observed a large triangular craft hovering (or possibly moving imperceptibly slowly) less than 50 feet above the treeline. It was less than a mile south of the National Guard station on Avon Extended. It was about 2 am, and we were driving south. I was in the front passenger seat, and the object was on the right side of the road (the side I was on). At it's closest, we were approximately 300 feet from it. I have absolutely no doubt it was an aircraft, but of what origin I don't have a clue.

We saw the object hovering above the trees. It was roughly 75 feet along each edge, and flatly horizontal to the ground. The actual body of the object was hard to discern in the dark, but I had the impression it was dark in color. As I think about it now years later, the lights stood out much more than the object, because of the darkness.

There was a single, bright white light pointing straight downward at each vertex of the triangle shape. I would estimate the lights were a foot or so in diameter. Based on the light arrangement, one of the triangle points was oriented to the north. I have seen that people sometimes report a light in the middle or on the sides. I don't recall anything but the 3 lights in the vertices. They remained white during the sighting. I don't recall any sound, and I'm pretty sure my window was cracked. If the object was moving, we couldn't tell. It might have been moving very slowly.

We were both too shocked to stop, or take pictures. It might seem unbelievable, but we both basically said "what the fuck is that?" and just stared at it as we drove by. Yes, we did have phones with us. I'm still perplexed by why we didn't stop or take pictures, but it was genuinely so unexpected that it took all mental capacity just to process it. The sighting lasted less than a minute overall.

I'm not 100% certain of the date. I am guessing it was July 24, 2016, because this matches the date of video of a similar object taken over Charlottesville earlier in the night, and it is roughly when I remember the sighting occurring.
