{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-06-15 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547924","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"13522","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2611,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/924/mufon-5547924.json","updb_database_id":5547924}
Have seen orange spheres on numerous occasions.

All of the sightings occurred at my house in Surprise AZ looking SSW. I noticed them because I always look up to see what if anything is visible. I have witnessed orange spheres on various occasions in various formations. They appear as if a light switch is turned on and disappear as if the switch is turned off. Sometimes they come on all at once and sometimes one at a time. As you can see from the photo they are quite bright. The UFOs seem to flicker which may be the effects of the atmosphere. The only time I see them move is when they reappear in a different position. I have no clue how high they are. One of the first sightings was in the early spring of 2006 at approximately nine pm wherein I saw three spaced similar to the two in the photo. When I shined a green laser at them they disappeared and instantly reappeared with five and formed into a huge "W" in the same area of the sky. The fact that they disappeared and reappeared may be coincidence, if they are located approximately one-hundred miles from my location. If they are that far away they would have to be huge. On another occasion I saw six in a very odd lopsided rectangle. I was unable to get photos of that event. Every sighting occurred at approximately ten pm on Tuesday. I never heard any sound. On a number of occasions I have seen and heard six to twelve F-16's from Luke air force base heading in the direction of the lights. I never felt threatened or danger. Just a strong curiousity of where and what they are. The photo was taken using a Canon Rebel 35mm using a 75mm to 300mm lens, on a tripod, time exposure of 4 seconds.The photo is not changed in any way and yes I do have the negatives.
