{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-01 20:52:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522924","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33076","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3831,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/924/mufon-5522924.json","updb_database_id":5522924}
Row of 3.equidistant lights 30,000 feet up, first E-W direction, then NE

Here are my notes from the sighting.
11-01-2011
8:52 pm
East to west flight
First saw just below Deneb at about 50*
 traveling between Deneb and Gienah Cygni 
very dim lights. Mostly noticed a dark shadow of a chevron shape or wide triangle. 
Object looked to only be a couple thousand feet up. It was larger than the cesmas that fly over at a few hundred feet as they head in to land at the small airport north-east of me. 
In my years of experience of watching flight patterns around my home, I have never seen anything take the path that the object did. I have also never seen a plane or helicopter with such dim lights. There was no flashing strobe at all. Even when planes pass over at very high altitude I can easily see the regular FAA required lights. What I saw last night looked like a huge bird at first due to lack of lights. My best view of it was as it passed from about 50* to 40*. I could see that it was not a bird. It was barely visible due to it being so dark colored. I have watched quite a few very large bids fly over late at night and it looked similar at first in the way that the light pollution illuminated the underside. If I had not been looking at those two stars right at that moment we would never of known it flew past us, thats how well it was camouflaged.  The object was obviously a craft of unknown type to me. It reminded me somewhat of the TR3B  but more like a boomerang. It was quite large. It was very quiet. My husband and I thought we heard a very soft white noise, but we live close to a freeway and it was hard to tell. Given that it flew from the east to west, if it was any type of conventional jet we should of easily heard it as it flew overhead and away from us.  
When I spotted the object and asked my husband, "what is that?!", a he confirmed seeing it, I turned and grabbed my binoculars from a few feet behind us. My husband was fixed on the object so I handed him the lenses. He states that it had very dim lights on it. One in front, then two set back slightly and two on either end point of a different color than the first 3. When I first saw the object the shape was easier to see due to the light cast by city lights. I could not see any protrusion at the back end. My husband did not see the shape of the craft as well as I did and he was unable to determine the body shape of it. He argues that it was possibly a dark colored  executive jet. He bases this only on the lighting positions. I will attach a drawling of the light positions. I felt that it may of been a military craft. The airbase is to our south-west and it was at least heading west. My husband has some sort of explanation for everything, but I know a lot more about the sky around us and the objects in it. My whole life I have loved and learned about stars, satellites, planes, clouds and birds and such.  So in my experiences, I have never seen this type of object in the sky.  One other thing, my husband has seen the stealth bomber fly very low overhead when he lived near Moffit airbase and he did not recognize this object as being the same. 
The link to include pictures is not active? I cant attach them.
