{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-24 23:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292924","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110392","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3987,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/924/mufon-5292924.json","updb_database_id":5292924}
Past 3 nights, bright light dims, disappears, then flashes again, almost like Morse code, from stationary then moving object that vanishes in the sky.

For two nights, my fiancee told told me that there was a bright white object, brighter than Venus or Polaris or a plane or anything else, in the sky that seemed to dim and then brighten again almost like it was speaking in code. She said that it was stationary and then moved, and then just disappeared. I figured it was a plane, or a star playing tricks behind trees or clouds, or maybe even a firefly. Not to discredit her; it's just natural to try and think of obvious explanations when something like that is being shared. However, last night, I just felt the need to go outside, and found my fiancee already outside sitting on the porch swing. I stepped out into the yard and looked up to a really bright light. I don't even know what I thought it was at first, but it was so bright, I just figured it was a helicopter or drone. Then it began to dim, and then turned off. And then it came on bright again. This was different than the repetitive flickering lights of a plane. It seemed like it wasn't in perfect rhythm and the brightness and dimness were of varying degrees. Also, the object seemed stationary at first, and began to move. I jokingly said, "Is this your UFO," and then she replied, "Yes, that's it!" And suddenly I realized that this was not a normal thing to see in the sky. There was no noise at all from this. It seemed too close to be a satellite, too far to be a drone, and in either case, after a few times flashing it's bright white light, it grew dim and then simply vanished without a trace in the middle of the sky, where there were no clouds, no trees, and plenty of room to where we would see it again if it were still out there. She told me it's been about the same time every night, just after we eat our very late dinner, around 11:30 or so. I decided to go online and look and there were a couple of other people over the past few days who have seen a similar object in WV and posted about it on YouTube, remarking the changing of the brightness. There is one other thing I will mention, though I doubt the two are related. I just think it is worth mentioning, that over the past few weeks we have been finding tiny "burned" patches of grass, in rough, imperfect circles. This is not like the crop circles you normally see on TV, but rather, are about six to eight inches in diameter. In some areas, the grass is flat and brown, and in others, it's outright black and burned to a crisp. I didn't even connect the two things until filling out this form, where one of the questions is "did it affect the ground". I do not know if what we saw was 'out of this world' nor do I know if these two anomalies are related, but I did feel that it was interesting enough to share, in case other people in WV are seeing this light as well. I will try to get a video of it, if I am lucky enough to catch it again. I honestly wouldn't have even thought much of it, had it not been so unusually bright, and so strange in the way it blinked, and had my fiancee not told me about two nights in a row prior. And the way she described it was just as I experienced it; it was almost like it was communicating with the light, rather than using the light to see. Anyway, thanks for your time and for allowing me to share.
