{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-01-14 16:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283103","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120339","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2326,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/103/mufon-5283103.json","updb_database_id":5283103}
1 object appeared, moving in a curve. 2nd appeared behind 1st, following. Both then disappeared

Walking about outside, waiting for UPS. Looking East, saw buzzard gliding toward a known roosting area. As the bird continued, an object appeared much farther in the distance behind the tail. Moving steady, towards the south. Kept my eyes on the object. It looked as though I was looking at the backend of an Air Force jet, at its wings soft grayish in color, with a continuous white starburst coming out its tail--however, the winged object was moving sideways always the same size, moving slow and steady to the south. There was no sound or engine noises. Wings were sharp to a point, thin, on each side of the bright glowing continuous starburst looking light. If it was a saucer shaped object, the bright light hid the middle of the saucer. A 2nd object suddenly appeared behind the original object and looked the same as the first. Two minutes later 1st object picked up speed. As the 2nd object started to speed up, the 1st object quickly increased speed, curving up as if moving higher and suddenly disappeared. Then the 2nd object did the same. Elapsed time approximate 2-3 minutes. Although hard to tell how far away the objects were, size-wise they looked about the size of a passenger airliner from about a mile or so away a minute after take off. The bright light, shaped like a star with many points moving in and out, was about the size of an eraser on a thin pencil, held at arms length. One minute after the objects disappeared, a jet airliner, coming from a NE direction heading SW, high in the sky with contrails, eventually flew overhead and finally heard the faint sound of its engines. All so weird. Go figure...
