{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-06-05 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490103","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69491","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3461,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/103/mufon-5490103.json","updb_database_id":5490103}
{rjl} I saw a silver disc shaped flying saucer with a black band of what looked like windows around the middle .

I was standing in front of my house at 2745 Cypress ave. with my brother John and a friend Mike Kaufman one summer afternoon about 3pm in June 1965 and we were bored with nothing to do, so I said let's borrow my Dad's car and take a ride to your house Mike and he said ok let's go, the three of us got in the car and we drove from my house to Mike's house that was just a short drive. When we pulled in the drive way at Mike's house we got out of the car turned towards his house and then all three of us looked and said " look a flying saucer ".The flying saucer UFO hovered over his back yard at about 60 feet of the ground,as it hovered it slowly spun. It was a very clear day with the sun shinning and the object was right in front of us just hovering over Mike's back yard. It caused so much excitement with us that his mother and sister came out of the house and saw it, those days not many had air conditioned homes we would open all the windows so all his neighbours heard all the yelling and excitement the next I know there were at least two dozen people all out in the street looking at this UFO in amazement. The UFO that would be described as a flying saucer was over Mike's back yard at about 60 feet the same height as the top of a telephone pole hovering for about 10 minutes,I was yelling Mike get a camera so he ran in the house and came back out with a camera with no film in it, I then said call the Police so his mother went in the house and called the Police and when she told them there was a flying saucer over her house they said that it was probably a collage prank and they didn't even come over to check it out and take a report of over two dozen witnesses. I don't know if any of the other witnesses got a picture. I will give a full description of what I saw and the flight it took. when I first saw the UFO it was already there, after about 10 minutes we observed it just hovering and slowly spinning it slowly started to move do West toward New York City gradually going faster in a lateral path I tracked it to where I could only see a speck the size of a "." a pencil point in the sky when all at once it came back in 3 seconds, I never saw anything move that faster, no sound at all was coming from this object. when it came back to the exact same spot all the people were panic stricken and ran screaming into there houses, the three of us remained frozen in place amazed and all of a sudden the UFO started to wobble and then it flipped over like flipping a pan cake and started to move away from us slowly taking the same path toward New York City do west until it was gone. this was a silver saucer that was the same on top as it was on bottom with a black band that look like tinted glass going around the middle.
