{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-11 16:57:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291103","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112235","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3833,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/103/mufon-5291103.json","updb_database_id":5291103}
Reflective, cigar-shaped, disc flying over Violet Hill; viewed from Old Philadelphia cemetery.

On November 11, 2020 I was geocaching with my 6-year-old daughter, 4-year old son, and a friend near the Old Philadelphia Cemetery and Church in Violet Hill , AR. As we were returning to the car at around 16:57 CST one of my children saw an object in the sky. While initially, I thought it was an airplane it was curious enough to continue watching. We do live near a small airport and also see domestic aircraft regularly. I also lived at O'Hare airport and several naval bases so I am familiar with seeing aircraft of all sorts. This was different. The object was cigar-shaped and reflective, continued on a straight trajectory slightly SE in my viewing plane to NE, and as the object eventually disappeared, I assume it was traveling to the North and away from us. 

Also, there were no sounds of an engine or propellers at all. Out here, regardless of size, we always hear an engine or propeller, regardless of how high the aircraft is. It was interesting enough that I pulled out my phone and began recording. While not evidence, it was interesting that it was my kids who prompted all of this and were absolutely convinced that it was an "alien car". Imagination, or perspective, who knows, but since they've seen hundreds of airplanes passing over our home and never acted like that it was interesting. 

When we first saw the craft it was bright and silver, very reflective. The sky was clear and the sun was going down behind us. Upon reviewing the video, I at first thought I'd seen a wing, but then realized that what I saw may have been a reflection on my phone as the aircraft was partially obstructed by branches. That lasts for about four seconds in the video and from then on the object remains a cigar shape with no distinguishing lights or other object. Admittedly, it was challenging to get my phone camera to focus, but toward the end I am able to capture the object until it moves behind a tree and into the distance. 

Without taking measurements, I would guess the object was about 35-50 feet long and flying around 10,000-15,000 feet. There were no vapor trails or other emission I could see. The object also appeared to be flying much faster than a normal aircraft, though no ridiculously fast. 

I did look on [link moved to Investigators report section/CMS/fgc] and there were no objects in that direction for the duration of the time we were there. About 8-10 minutes later a United Airlines plane does cross in that general direction, though we were driving away around that time and my youngest son said he saw a plane in the sky as we passed the Violet Hill General store. I believe that was the same airplane. 

The video file is too large for me to upload so I will send that directly to the State Director. 
I'm attaching two map screenshots. The first is a panne dout view with my approximate sight view area, and the second is where we spotted the craft.
