{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-08-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488103","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71547","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2428,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/103/mufon-5488103.json","updb_database_id":5488103}
{cak} Witnessed UFO in summer of 1975

In late August of 1975, my father was in the Air Force and our family was getting ready to leave for a 3-year assignment to Italy on September 3rd. We were in Virginia visiting my father's family before leaving the country. My grandparents lived in a subdivision outside of the town of Colonial Beach called Placid Bay Estates. One night, my 13-year old cousin, my 9-year old sister, and myself went for a walk. I was 11 at the time. It was a very clear night, and very quiet. I looked up at the stars at one point and saw a glowing red, sort of oval-shaped object silently cruising across the sky. It had white lights around the perimeter and they blinked, or flashed. The three of us stopped and watched it for a minute or two. I may have been a kid, but I had spent my whole life living on Air Force bases, and I had never seen anything like that, and I didn't know of any aircraft that were completely silent. We lost sight of whatever it was when we all took off running back to my grandparent's house to tell the adults about what we had seen. Nobody took us seriously, and were rather dismissive, to be honest. I remember just being kind of fascinated and awestruck by what I had see, but not particularly fearful. I have spent the last 40 years wondering if there were any other reported sighting from that time-frame. My sister doesn't remember too much about the incident, but she does remember it happening. My cousin passed away a couple of years ago, but he never really had much to say about it as an adult, other than that he "remembered seeing something." 

I feel that I've never been taken very seriously about this due to how young I was at the time, but I have an extremely detailed memory of my early years and feel very confident that we did see exactly what I've described.
