{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-28 10:29:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483214","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76715","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2964,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/214/mufon-5483214.json","updb_database_id":5483214}
{dr}There was suddenly a rainbow around the sun I hurried to get my phone and snap a shot. The sun was so bright I couldnt look through it at the object, but I snapped the shot. not until later did I see the object.

I dont know if this is one big object, or two separate object. There was a strange "rainbow" around the sun. It was strange so I hurried and grabbed my cell phone to snap aIf you shot When I did the sun was so intense I could not look directly at it, so I sort of focused on the rainbow around the sun and snapped a shot. It wasn't until later when I was looking at the picture I noticed what at first I thought was a small cloud. I clicked on the zoom on my phone and was shocked at what I saw. It looks to be some type of weird aircraft and below it are bluegreen lights. I started seeing UFO's at a young age. The biggest event with a UFO happened in Lexington. We never spoke to anyone except for Stanton Freidman, who took the report. It was absolutely terrifying. I felt so vulnerable and scared. All three kids insisted on sleeping in our room in sleeping bags after seeing the aircraft and the two aliens. It is something I wish we could just forget. But we cant. Over the years weird things keep happening. An example, we woke up one morning at each of us found a dot of blood on our pillows in EXACTLY the same spot. I tried to rationalize it thinking it was a small blemish. We combed over each other. nothing. Then I thought maybe making the bed I had a small cut and it stained the pillowcase. I searched myself over and nothing. I know its not a big thing, but collectively the things have happened to us over and over are disturbing. If there was more room here I would give you the photo of the orb...the most mesmerizing beautiful thing we have ever seen. By the way, in case your wondering, we don't smoke weed, we don't drink and we don't use drugs. We are ordinary people. well, we used to be. I just noticed you do offer the option to download. I will attach what I can. Thank you for taking our report.
