{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-20 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474214","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86126","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2820,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/214/mufon-5474214.json","updb_database_id":5474214}
{rjl} Sighted round, red object hovering over the hills of Brentwood,at around 8 p.m.on August 20.It disappeared, then reappeared, a fraction of a second later, in a different place.It hovered, descended,ascended,& changed to glowing white. It pulsed.

My husband and I were on the phone talking in our family room at about 8:30 or so on August 20, when I glanced at the kitchen window, which overlooks the eastern hills toward Brentwood, CA. I saw a bright red glowing object hovering over the hills and initially thought it was an airplane or radio beacon, but the object suddenly grew larger and then disappeared. Then a split second later, it reappeared in an entirely different location in the sky. This happened several times. I then walked over to the window to get a closer look and told my husband that I thought I was seeing a UFO. He laughed (he was still on the phone talking to our daughter) but he came over to look. After a minute or so, he agreed that the thing was indeed a UFO--we continued to watch, and it moved erratically moving several times in a left to right direction. At one point, it turned a glowing white and seemed to pulse, almost like it was sending out a signal. My husband and I went outside our home to watch the object more closely. It descended and ascended at least 3 times, and appeared and disappeared many more times than that. Our neighbor saw us outside and we called him over to see the UFO, but by the time he crossed the street, the object had disappeared completely. The whole episode took about 10 minutes, and I wish I'd had the presence of mind to take a video of it with my phone, but I was mesmerized just watching. It was a very strange experience, quite unnerving, and I had the feeling that whatever it was that we had seen was aware that we were watching. My husband and I later turned on the news and searched the Internet, but there was no mention of this thing. I also felt that although the UFO was no longer visible, it might possibly still be in the area. Just a spooky feeling. I wonder if there's a connection between the lunar eclipse, which took place today, and the object's presence last night. I really wish I knew, and I wonder if anyone else saw what we saw.
