{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-04-20 19:19:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5461214","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"99897","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2843,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/214/mufon-5461214.json","updb_database_id":5461214}
{rjl} Darting,descending red orb over open water central cali coast

As the sun was setting on the California central coast town of Pismo I stepped out onto the front porch to check out the sunset. It wasn't its normal spectacular self that evening. It had been overcast all day and except for a short distance on the horizon to the north no sunlight was present. As I turned my attention due west out over the pier to open ocean.my attention was drawn immediately to a small red orb that seemed to be stationary out some ways over the water. I kept my eye on it figuring its stationary appearance was an illusion brought on by the assumption its flight path was coming directly at me. I also was expecting to see the other wings green running light as the aspect of my sight line changed with its approach. I was anticipating the expected. Not this time. Suddenly the object moved SE on a approx. 15=20 degree angle without appearing to descend as it made the maneuver.. It was overcast and dusk so my backdrop was a uniform light to charcoal gray that was perfect for seeing the brightly lit red orb in front of it. However, except for a few hard to distinguish lower flying clouds there was nothing to reference for distance. Back to the orb. It was making that SE line when it reversed back along its line PERFECTLY. It didn't make any kind of a turn. It didn't even really stop and reverse its direction. It appeared as if had bounced backwards. Once it returned to its previous position it hovered for perhaps a minute before it darted behind the low flying clouds and disappeared completely. That maneuver seemed to come more acceleration then the previous one. As I stood on the porch keeping my eyes glued to spot it had vanished I was wondering what the hell. A minute or more past as my eyes searched the sky when the orb became visible once again from the direction it had disappeared. It came to a stop a split second after appearing, then almost as suddenly it jumped forward before descending straight down and out of site once again. This time it was the towns beachfront skyline that blocked my view. Almost immediately it popped back up to its original position, hovered momentarily, and accelerated N again. That was the last I saw of it.
