{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-03-09 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512214","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46112","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2342,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/214/mufon-5512214.json","updb_database_id":5512214}
(GS) we saw 2 large flare like objects slowly falling from the sky over the colorado river looking from blythe towards phoenix

My husband and I were outside after dinner , sitting by our fire pit, chatting. I was drowsy and a little cold. All of a sudden I felt like I was supposed to look to my left . I looked and I what initially looked like a plane on fire. I jumped up and told my husband to look too and thats when, we noticed there were two orbs. After a minute or two of us discussing what we thought they were and that they were NOT a plane on fire or a meteor and staring NOT LOOKING AWAY( we thought it decended to slowly to be a meteor)we moved physically closer ( very strange as they were very far up in the night sky) , WE stood there staring into the night.

My husband said they looked like very large flare like things. I agrree except they were HUGE. Maybe parachuters using flares for a night jump... except there was no plane or helicopter and there were only two and again the size was to great to be a regular flare.
Additionally , we have been to airshows where they jumpers have a flame that trails behind them and that was not it either.Plus there was silence, no motor like noises from a plane; big or small or helicopter .

We watched them a long time , 15 or more minutes. After they slowly either decended where we could not see them or burned up. I noticed a strange light that was as bright as a star but very big and movin very very slowly towards us . It was shining but not set in one place like a star but not moving like a plane , it seemed to be hovering to watch our location. I stopped looking at it and when I returned approximately 5 minutes later the object was gone. My husband witnessed this too. Weird.
