{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-09-23 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291214","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112122","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3660,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/214/mufon-5291214.json","updb_database_id":5291214}
Redish orbs over Willow Grove Air Base

Hello John,
On the evening of 9-23-2020 9:00 pm, Warminster, Pa.  my wife and I saw something that was very strange. I have always been a believer in UFOs and I think my wife may also now.

This is my wife, Karen's, account:
I stepped out of my front door because my hubby and I were smelling an odor. I wanted to investigate. I looked up and saw 2 flying somethings that looked like they were at the same altitude and flying at the same speed in the same direction and not fast - sort of slow. (We are near the Willow Grove Air Force Base and the Johnsville Naval Air Warefare Center) Both seemed the same size and color (round and red-ish hue). I grabbed my camera, took a photo then some video.
I almost went into the house, but I looked up one last time and saw 3 more coming. These 3 were further than the first 2, but they were also the same distance from each other. I videoed some more then freaked to get hubby. We both stood and watched. The last one seemed to have slowed down, then just like that, it disappeared. While Terry was watching the #3 & 4 he saw #4 just disappear.

My account:
8:30 PM we smell gas or sewage. I thought it was more like gas. (However there is sewage treatment plant not far from us, but we have never smelled it at our house) 9 PM Karen goes out because of the smell and records some red balls in the sky. She calls me out and I witness a glowing redish/golden ball moving weirdly. No sound. Then it just faded away. Not because of distance - it just went invisible. 
I don't know if my wife ever believed me, but I told her that when I was about 5 years old ( c. 1971) I saw a UFO land in the cornfield behind my house. My parents were in bed and wouldn't come to look. I described it as a glowing golden egg. Anyway, when I saw these objects on 9-23-2020, I couldn't help but think they looked like what I saw as a child.

I should add that several years ago I reported another sighting on the 4th of July (I forget the year). I spoke with a Bucks Co. MUFON person. I don't remember his name. He never got back to me. I don't think he believed me. He did tell me that he was the neighbor of the woman that reported the strange small glowing balls that descended into her yard. Just thought I would add that because my name may show up in your records.

As I said earlier, my wife recorded some video, but I don't know how to transfer the file from her phone with decent resolution. I will attach a crappy video but she recorded 22 sec. of some interesting stuff, but it gets corrupted in transfer but it looks good directly from her phone.
I would appreciate some reply and I hope we're not the only ones to have seen this

[ Item moved to F I Report {tjd}
