{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-25 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497214","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62154","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2756,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/214/mufon-5497214.json","updb_database_id":5497214}
{rjl} UFO appeared in the night sky at a distance, then got closer and hovered over the intersate.

It was Christmas night. Me and my boyfriend were driving back from New Orleans after seeing Christmas in the Oaks. We were on the interstate in Gonzales heading towards Essen Ln. in Baton Rouge. I was talking to him, when my eye caught movement in the sky. It was slowly coming at a distance, but then quickened and stopped in the night sky. It hovered for a moment. It reminded me of a stingray at first because it was an odd shape. I mouthed, what is that? I studied it for a while trying to figure out what it was. It was very large and dark. It had a dome on the top of it's disc like structure. I only realized it to be a UFO when I saw many circular lights at the bottom of it. They were dimly lit. On top of the dome was a bluish color light. I've never seen something like that in my life! My boyfriend asked what I was looking at, but I was speechless. I was afraid of what I saw, and didn't talk for a minute. He asked me if it was a UFO. I said it was. There were not many cars on the road since it was late. I believe there was one a good distance in front of us, and another far behind us in the opposite lane. There wasn't anything around except trees lining the sides of the interstate. I will never forget what I saw. It was incredible and I had a good view. I'm sure it was about thirty seconds of me being able to observe it, but it seemed longer. It had my full attention. The sky was clear and had enough lighting for me to make out the shapes. We drove underneath it. He wanted to turn around, but I didn't want to go back out of fear. My mother saw something similar when she was a girl. It was the same shape, but she said that the lights on the bottom were projecting different colors. I only have memory of the object, but I looked at photos online after seeing it, and I am convinced that there really is something out there. UFO's are very real.
