{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-20 23:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516214","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41917","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2889,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/214/mufon-5516214.json","updb_database_id":5516214}
{dr}5 Gold/yellow glowing hovering objects

Around 11:25 pm on August 20th I along with my mom and dad observed 5 gold/yellow ball fireball like objects in the air, I observed these same thing but it was just 1 and it hovered north east of my address then dropped a flare like object and faded out shortly after dropping the object back on august 12th at 11:15 PM. I was standing outside with my Mom and Uncle from Illinois, We all ran too the front yard and went across the street to an open field we have and stood there and watched. We saw everything reciently described and it seems like when they dropped what they dropped they faded out, i immediately ran too the location where they dropped whatever it was, cause i could follow it all the way too the ground, when i got to where it should have dropped there was nothing there. Too me when they dropped whatever it was, it looked like burning embers that floated down with the object. 

When i was outside last night on August 20th at 11:15 my Mom and dad was out there with me. There was Jets in all directions moving around in the air. since we are in between Eugene and Portland Airport, A Pickup went by last night around the time everything was going on and i pointed up too the sky, the pickup immediately stopped right in the middle of the road and i am assuming looked up in the air. eventually they started following what was in the air and it seems like when the pickup did that, they all started dropping stuff and faded out. However it looked too me like the front two have always been in a formation where the back 3 to 7 always are behind them its almost like the front 2 are the scouts. The last one hovers the entire time, seems like when they all fade out the last one starts moving and eventually fades out after dropping whatever it is they are dropping. I had a really high powered camera out lastnight to try and get some pictures to submit with this, but they just wouldnt show up, i had my mom and dad looking over my shoulder when i was trying to take them and i just couldnt it was black all around. I have a telescope and since it seems like its every 3 to 4 nights from 11 PM to midnight when they appear im going to drag it out and start watching seeing if i can get a better description of what they are feature wise
