{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492214","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67335","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2469,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/214/mufon-5492214.json","updb_database_id":5492214}
{jpg} I was at the telephone booth on West 4th just Easr of 6th Ave. the UFO was hovering over the light fixture on the corner

I didn't want to walk up 5 flights of stairs to use the telephone in my apartment on W. 4th Street at that time. I went to use the public telephone and I glanced to my left and saw this UFO hovering over the light pole on the corner of 6th Ave. & W. 4th Street. The machine was not pretty it looked rather well used it was gray dull metal not mettalic it had lights all around what I could see of it, but they looked ordinary in their colors and they were not on. I stared at the UFO unbelieving and looked around me to see who else was observing this phenomena and no one else around me was looking up. There were a couple of people walking toward the corner on both sides of the street but none of them noticed the UFO. After a few seconds it started to go South against the traffic coming up 6th Ave. and I didn't hear any horns blowing or any kind of recognition that anyone else saw this craft. Until recently I had no idea you existed until I saw you on TV. I had purchased a non working 55 acrea farm and was constantly looking up there to see a UFO.This was in the early 90's and I thought it extremely ironic that I would return to my apartment in Manhattan and actually see one in the City. Has anyone else reported seeing this craft I don't remember the exact date. It was still light out and the traffic up 6th Ave was heavy so it was late afternoon. Not winter maybe Fall. As it slowly traveled South bound it started an upward incline. Nothing spectacular. I heard nothing from the craft and it didn't do anything extroidinary in movement and I wondered if it even was a UFO from another planet or one of ours but I had never seen anything like it before or after. I watched it until it got farther and farther away diminishing in size as it went.
