{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-04T15:36:49Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 18, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 557195, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/493468579/493468579/576UAP0026.pdf", "source_sha256": "587867ac76a95521f18ffdede4de57af5d5ca4a0166714e9d68fb71d0a232d8b"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 30, "chars": 253, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "contrast-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
PEPARTMIENA
UNITED
STATES
OF
DEFENSK
OF
AMERICA T
THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE
ALL-DOMAIN ANOMALY RESOLUTION OFFICE
Fiscal Year 2024 Consolidated Annual Report on
Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena
Information Cut Off: June 1, 2024
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 109, "chars": 1043, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
Table of Contents
I. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
II. SCOPE ..
2
2
Ill. OVERVIEW OF REPORTS
A. Overall Trend Analysis
B. Diversification and Sources of Reporting ...
IV. OVERVIEW OF ANALYSIS AND FINDINGS..
A. Reported Morphologies...
7
7
B. Reported Altitudes
C. Geographic Trends
D. Notable Trends Regarding Prosaic Objects
E. Flight Safety Issues.
F. UAS Observations Reported Near U.S. Nuclear Infrastructure, Weapons, and Launch Sites 11
G. AARO Possesses No Data to Indicate the Capture or Exploitation of UAP..
H. No Health/Physiological Impacts from UAP Incidents Reported
V. ENGAGEMENT, ROLES, RESPONSIBILITIES, AND REPORTING
A. Roles and Responsibilities of Assigned Line Organizations.
B. Mechanism for Authorized Reporting ..
VI. AARO PROGRAM UPDATES .
A. Analytic Division
B. Operations Division.
C. Science and Technology Division.
D. Strategic Communications Division ...
VII. WAY FORWARD
APPENDIX A: GLOSSARY OF TERMS ......
8
9
..10
..11
. 11
..11
...12
... 12
... 12
...13
... 13
... 13
...13
...14
.. 15
...16
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 414, "chars": 2937, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
I. EXECUTIVE SUMMARY
This report is provided by the Department of Defense (DoD) in response to a requirement
established in 50 U.S. Code [U.S.C.] 3373(k).
This report covers unidentified anomalous phenomena (UAP) reports from
May 1, 2023 to June 1, 2024 and all UAP reports from any previous time periods that were not
included in an earlier report. The All-domain Anomaly Resolution Office (AARO) received 757
UAP reports during this period; 485 of these reports featured UAP incidents that occurred during
the reporting period. The remaining 272 reports featured UAP incidents that occurred between
2021 and 2022 but were not reported to AARO until this reporting period and consequently were
not included in previous annual UAP reports.
AARO resolved 118 cases during the reporting period, all of which resolved to prosaic
objects such as various types of balloons, birds, and unmanned aerial systems (UAS). As of May
31, 2024, AARO has an additional 174 cases queued for closure, pending a final review and
Director's approval. As of the publishing date of this report, all 174 cases have been finalized as
resolved to prosaic objects including balloons, birds, UAS, satellites, and aircraft. Many other
cases remain unresolved and AARO continues collection and analysis on that body of cases. It is
important to underscore that, to date, AARO has discovered no evidence of extraterrestrial
beings, activity, or technology.
None of the reports AARO received during the reporting period indicated that observers
suffered any adverse health effects.
U.S. military aircrews provided two reports that identified flight safety concerns, and
three reports described pilots being trailed or shadowed by UAP. To date, AARO has no
indication or confirmation that these activities are attributable to foreign adversaries. AARO
continues to coordinate with the Intelligence Community (IC) to identify whether these activities
may be the result of foreign adversarial activities.
AARO's ability to resolve cases remains constrained by a lack of timely and actionable
sensor data. AARO continues to address this challenge by working with military and technical
partners to optimize sensor requirements, information-sharing processes, and the content of UAP
reporting. AARO is also expanding engagement with foreign partners to share information and
collaborate on best practices for resolving UAP cases.
Il. SCOPE
This consolidated annual report is provided by the DoD in response to a requirement
established in 50 U.S.C. § 3373(k)(1)(A): "Not later than 180 days after the enactment of the FY
2023 Intelligence Authorization Act and annually thereafter for four years, the Director of the
Office shall submit a report on UAP to the appropriate congressional committees."
As detailed in 50 U.S.C. § 3373(k)(1)(B), "Each report shall include, with respect to the
year covered by the report, the following information:
2
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 357, "chars": 2573, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
• All reported UAP-related events that occurred during the one-year period;
• All reported UAP-related events that occurred during a period other than that one-
year period but were not included in an earlier report;
• An analysis of data and intelligence received through each reported UAP-related
event;
• An analysis of data relating to UAP collected through:
- Geospatial Intelligence (GEOINT)
- Signals Intelligence (SIGINT)
- Human Intelligence (HUMINT)
- Measurement and Signatures Intelligence (MASINT)
• The number of reported incidents of UAP over restricted air space of the United
States during the one-year period;
- Including analysis of such incidents identified
• Identification of potential aerospace and other threats posed by UAP to the national
security of the United States;
• An assessment of any activity regarding UAP that can be attributed to one or more
adversarial foreign governments;
• Identification of any incidents or patterns regarding UAP that indicate a potential
adversarial foreign government may have achieved a breakthrough aerospace
capability;
• An update on the consultation by the United States with allies and partners on efforts
to track, understand, and address UAP;
• An update on any efforts underway on the ability to capture or exploit discovered
UAP;
• An assessment of any health-related effects for individuals that have encountered
UAP;
• The number of reported incidents or patterns, and descriptions thereof, of UAP
associated with military nuclear assets, including strategic nuclear weapons and
nuclear-powered ships and submarines;
• Results of consultation with the Administrator for Nuclear Security regarding the
number of reported incidents, and description thereof, of UAP associated with
facilities or assets associated with the production, transportation, or storage of nuclear
weapons or components thereof;
• Results of consultation with the Chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission
regarding the number of reported incidents, and descriptions thereof, of UAP or
drones of unknown origin associated with nuclear power generating stations, nuclear
fuel storage sites, or other sites or facilities regulated by the Nuclear Regulatory
Commission;
• The names of the line organizations that have been designated to perform the specific
functions including Response to and Field Investigations and Scientific,
Technological, and Operational Analyses of Data on UAP, and the specific functions
for which each such line organization has been assigned primary responsibility; and
3
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 346, "chars": 2563, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
A summary of the reports received using the mechanism for authorized reporting
established under 50 U.S.C. § 3373b."
AARO drafted this report in coordination with:
Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence
ODNI's National Intelligence Manager for
and Security
Military Integration (NIM-MIL)
ODNI's National Intelligence Council
U.S. Army
U.S. Navy (USN)
U.S. Marine Corps (USMC)
U.S. Air Force (USAF)
U.S. Space Force (USSF)
Air Force Research Laboratory (AFRL)
Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA)
DoD Joint Staff (JS)
Department of Energy (DoE)
Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI)
Missile and Space Intelligence Center (MSIC)
National Aeronautics and Space
National Air and Space Intelligence Center
Administration (NASA)
(NASIC)
National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency
National Ground Intelligence Center (NGIC)
(NGA)
National Oceanographic and Atmospheric
National Reconnaissance Office (NRO)
Administration
National Security Agency (NSA)
Naval Criminal Investigative Service (NCIS)
Nuclear Regulatory Commission
Office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense
for Homeland Defense and Hemispheric
Office of the Assistant to the Secretary of
Defense for Public Affairs
Affairs
Office of the Deputy Assistant Secretary of
Office of the General Counsel of the DoD
Defense for Nuclear Matters
Office of Naval Intelligence/National
Maritime Intelligence Center
Office of the Principal Deputy Assistant
Secretary of Defense for Nuclear, Chemical,
and Biological Defense Programs
Ill. OVERVIEW OF REPORTS
A. Overall Trend Analysis
As of October 24, 2024, there are 1652 reports in total. This report covers UAP reports
from May 1, 2023 to June 1, 2024, and all UAP reports from any previous time periods that were
not included in an earlier report. The All-domain Anomaly Resolution (AARO) received 757
UAP reports during this period; 485 of these reports featured UAP incidents that occurred during
the reporting period. The remaining 272 reports occurred outside of the reporting period
between 2021 and 2022 and consequently were not included in previous annual UAP reports.
Of these reports, 708 occurred in the air domain, 49 occurred in the space domain, and
none occurred in the maritime or transmedium domains (see Figure 1). AARO notes that none
of the space domain reports originated from space-based sensors or assets; rather, all of these
reports originated from military or commercial pilots or ground observers who reported UAP
located at altitudes estimated at 100 kilometers or higher, consistent with U.S. Space Command's
4
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 252, "chars": 1895, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
(USSPACECOM) astrographic area of responsibility. Of the 757 reports 392 were from the
FAA, which consisted of all of the FAA's UAP reports since 2021.
UNCLASSIFIED
(U) AARO Report Totals and Analytic Adjudications: May 1, 2023 - June 1, 2024
REPORTS TOTAL
757
DOMAIN
708
Air
Maritime
Space
Transmedium
49
Case Closed
Pending Closure
Undergoing Analysis
Active Archive
ANALYTIC ADJUDICATION
49
243
21
444
UNCLASSIFIED
Figure 1: AARO Report Totals and Analytic Adjudications from May 1, 2023 — June 1, 2024
AARO resolved 49 cases during the reporting period, all of which resolved to prosaic
objects such as various types of balloons, birds, and UAS (see Figure 2). An additional 243
cases were recommended for closure as of June 1, 2024, pending peer review. These cases also
resolved to prosaic objects including balloons, birds, UAS, satellites, and aircraft. AARO
determined 21 cases merit further analysis by its IC and science and technology (S&T) partners.
Subsequent sections of this report include discussions of notable cases. The remaining 444 cases
lacked sufficient data to facilitate analysis and were placed in the Active Archive where they will
be held for pattern of life and trend analysis or reexamined if additional data becomes available.
Archived cases may be reopened and resolved should additional information emerge to support
analysis.
None of these resolved cases substantiated advanced foreign adversarial capabilities or
breakthrough aerospace technologies. AARO is working closely with its IC and S&T partners to
understand and attribute the 21 cases received this reporting period that merit further analysis
based on reported anomalous characteristics and/or behaviors. AARO will provide immediate
notification to Congress should AARO identify that any cases indicate or involve a breakthrough
foreign adversarial aerospace capability.
5
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 187, "chars": 1382, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED
Aircraft
2%
Satellite(s)
4%
Bird(s)
8%
UAS
16%
Balloon(s)
70%
UNCLASSIFIED
Figure 2: AARO's Closed Cases by Identified Object Type from May 1, 2023 - June 1, 2024
B. Diversification and Sources of Reporting
AARO received the FAA's civil and commercial aviation UAP reporting logs during this
reporting period. These logs contained information on all UAP incidents reported to the FAA
since June 2021. AARO consistently receives UAP reports from the FAA on a weekly basis,
which is a significant increase from the previous reporting period and reflects the success of
AARO's efforts to strengthen relationships with its reporting partners.
All of the UAP reports AARO received during the reporting period were collected
through various technical means reported via U.S. military service operational channels, or
civil/commercial aviation reporting logs provided by the FAA.' Analysis of the data related to
JAP is discussed in the following sections. During the reporting period, AARO did not receive
any UAP reports collected through national GEOINT, SIGINT, or MASINT platforms. AARO
will continue to strengthen IC partnerships to increase national reporting.
" Examples of this collection include full-motion video or radar data collected from U.S. military aircrews provided
to AARO through operational channels via post-mission reports.
6
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 168, "chars": 1242, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
• DoD and FAA reports are used to establish the baseline data for many case files. For
instance, AARO relies on its IC partners to apply GEOINT tradecraft and analytic
methodologies to full-motion video collected by U.S. military aircrews to identify
UAP reported through operational channels. Additionally, as individual cases
require, AARO searches IC databases for GEOINT, SIGINT, HUMINT, and
MASINT reports to facilitate its analysis and resolution of cases reported through the
sources identified above.
IV. OVERVIEW OF ANALYSIS AND FINDINGS
A. Reported Morphologies
Reporting trends of UAP morphologies remain consistent with historical patterns.
Unidentified lights and round/spherical/orb-shaped objects made up the bulk of cases in which
reports provided distinct visual characteristics (see Figure 3). Objects within the "other"
category include unique descriptions such as "green fire ball," "a jelly fish with [multicolored]
flashing lights," and a "silver rocket approximately six feet long."
• Of the reports AARO received during the reporting period, 170 reports during the
reporting period (22.4% of total) which contained insufficient or no information to
enable a morphological characterization.
7
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 39, "chars": 396, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-psm3"}
UNCLASSIFIED

Triangle

UNCLASSIFIED i |
== Square/Polygon
|Disk| | 3% | 1%
Cylinder Pee 5 . — === --
| 4% | Orb/Sphere/ Round
——— | 22% |
Other
“ 8% |
‘Lights
| 65%
UNCLASSIFIED

Figure 3: UAP Characterization by Reported Morphology from May 1, 2023 — June 1, 2024

B. Reported Altitudes

AARO observed no new trends regarding operating altitudes of reported UAP (See
Figure 4).

8
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 113, "chars": 976, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED
328K
(U) REPORTED UAP ALTITUDES
- SPACE
>60K
60K
55K
50K
45K
40K
35K
30K
25K
20K
15K
10K
<5K
1%
Weather Balloons
5%
2%
14%
5%
6%
Commercial Air Traffic
9%
7%
12%
17%
8%
6%
8%
Mt Everest
Maritime
Note: Not all reports contain altitude data.
UNCLASSIFIED
Figure 4: Reported UAP Altitudes from May 1, 2023 - June 1, 2024
*Note that the table has been updated to reflect the boundary
to space in feet (320,000) instead of kilometers (100,000).
C. Geographic Trends
AARO notes a continued geographic collection bias based on locations near U.S. military
assets and sensors operating globally (see Figure 6).
• During this reporting period, 81 reports originated from U.S. military operating areas.
• U.S. military assets operating over the East Asian Seas provided 100 reports, and
AARO resolved 40 of these cases as balloons or UAS. AARO placed the remaining
cases in Active Archive due to insufficient information to facilitate analysis.
9
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 263, "chars": 1808, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
• U.S. military assets deployed to the Middle East provided 57 reports, and AARO
resolved 13 of these cases as balloons, UAS, or satellites. AARO reached a
preliminary assessment on two of the Middle East cases as possible satellite flares
and is working with IC and S&T partners to finalize these assessments through the
use of advanced modeling. AARO placed the remaining 42 cases in Active Archive
due to insufficient information to facilitate analysis.
UNCLASSSIFIED
UNCLASSSIFIED
Figure 5: Geographic Distribution of UAP Reports from May 1, 2023 — June 1, 2024
D. Notable Trends Regarding Prosaic Objects
AARO increasingly receives cases that it is able to resolve to the Starlink satellite
constellation. For example, a commercial pilot reported white flashing lights in the night sky.
The pilot did not report an altitude or speed, and no data or imagery was recorded. AARO
assessed that this sighting of flashing lights correlated with a Starlink satellite launch from Cape
Canaveral, Florida, the same evening about one hour prior to the sighting. This sighting
occurred in the known orbital path of the satellites. AARO is investigating if other unresolved
cases may be attributed to the expansion of the Starlink and other mega-constellations in low
earth orbit.
In many other cases, birds are commonly misidentified as UAP due to sensor artifacts
resulting from compression and pixilation that often renders the object as an amorphous blob or
orb. Electro-optical/infrared sensor glare can also cause distorted pixilation of the object's true
shape. Moreover, full-motion video (FMV) analysis, consistent with other confirmed examples
of birds in flight, commonly display birds as "flickering" objects. This phenomena captured by
FMV is indicative of flapping wings.
10
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 378, "chars": 2583, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
E. Flight Safety Issues
Of the 392 FAA reports received during the reporting period, only one report mentioned
a possible flight safety issue during the event. In this instance, a commercial aircrew reported a
near miss with a "cylindrical object" while over the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of New York.
AARO continues its research into, and analysis of, this case.
F. UAS Observations Reported Near U.S. Nuclear Infrastructure, Weapons, and Launch
Sites
Reports from the Administrator for Nuclear Security and the Chairman of the Nuclear
Regulatory Commission
AARO received a total of 18 reports from the Administrator for Nuclear Security and
Chairman of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission regarding incidents near U.S. nuclear
infrastructure, weapons, and launch sites. The Administrator for Nuclear Security and Chairman
of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission categorized all of these incidents as UAS.
• Ten of the reported UAS flew over protected areas for a duration less than five minutes.
Two instances involved longer flight times of 53 minutes and 1 hour and 57 minutes
respectively. Flight duration is unknown for the remaining six cases.
• Sixteen cases involved only one UAS, while the remaining two cases each reported two
UAS involved in the event. In one instance, the UAS entered and departed the protected
area twice.
• On-site security observed UAS in at least half of the UAS cases. On August 3, 2023, the
D.C. Cook Nuclear Power Plant security recovered a crashed UAS that was given to
Berrien County, Michigan, local law enforcement (LLE). AARO has no further
information about the crashed UAS.
• During October 10-15, 2023, USPER BWXT (formerly known as USPER Babcock and
Wilson Nuclear Energy) Fuel Cycle Facility in Lynchburg, Virginia, observed UAS
flyovers for six consecutive nights. Only one UAS system was spotted in each
occurrence, and there is no data on estimated flight duration for each occurrence.
G. AARO Possesses No Data to Indicate the Capture or Exploitation of UAP
AARO is working with mission partners to formalize a process in the event UAP materiel
is captured, drawing on current USG capabilities and operating procedures.
H. No Health/Physiological Impacts from VAP Incidents Reported
AARO received no reports suggesting any observers of UAP suffered any physiological
impacts or adverse health effects. The DoD acknowledges that health-related effects may
manifest at any time after an event occurs, therefore any reported health implications related to
UAP will be documented and reported if they emerge.
11
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 355, "chars": 2611, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
V. ENGAGEMENT, ROLES, RESPONSIBILITIES, AND REPORTING
A. Roles and Responsibilities of Assigned Line Organizations
Field Investigations and Ability to Respond
In accordance with 50 U.S.C. § 3733(d), AARO executes a strategic partner engagement
program conducting outreach and liaison activities. Components include the DoD, federal,
tribal, state, and local law enforcement, counterintelligence (CI), and security agencies, as well
as other Executive Branch entities and foreign partners in support of AARO's UAP mission.
AARO continues to work with the military Services, Combatant Commands, and others
to support and refine their development of mitigation and response plans to include robust
reporting processes.
In May 2023, the Joint Staff (JS) issued a UAP GENADMIN message directing
Combatant Commands and Services to report all UAP incidents, incursions, and engagements to
Combatant Command Joint Operations Centers, Service Watch Centers, and respective CI
elements, no later than 96 hours after the event.
Scientific, Technological, and Operational Analyses of Data
As designated by the SecDef and the DNI, AARO has partnered with the following
organizations to leverage available resources and expertise and establish the scientific and
technical foundation necessary to execute the AARO mission.
• Oak Ridge National Laboratory (ORNL) provided analysis for a material claimed to be
from a UAP. ORNL will continue to assist with any future physics-relevant case
analysis.
• The Air Force Research Laboratory provides research on air- and space-borne sensing
technology and more general assessments of propulsion, stealth, and other emerging
capabilities which may be operational in the next few years.
• Georgia Tech Research Institute (GTRI) developed the GREMLIN sensor architecture
(described in additional detail on page 13) which will be deployed in 1Q FY 2025 to
support pattern-of-life analysis. GTRI will continue to support sensor architecture
analysis, development, and operations.
• The Massachusetts Institute of Technology - Lincoln Laboratory is building prototype
data processing systems that can operate on FAA and National Weather Service radar
systems to determine the viability in detecting and tracking objects that are currently
filtered out of the data.
• NASA is the focal point for academic research and open source data analysis on UAP
topics.
B. Mechanism for Authorized Reporting
On October 31, 2023, AARO launched the www.aaro.mil website, featuring a secure
reporting mechanism for current or former U.S. Government (USG) employees, Service
12
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 361, "chars": 2556, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
members, or contractors, who claim to have direct knowledge of purported USG programs or
activities related to UAP, dating back to 1945, to contact AARO and submit a report. All
information shared via this process is protected as personal and confidential and can generally
only be shared with AARO staff for the purposes of contacting individuals for interviews.
AARO is authorized by law to receive all UAP related information including any
classified national security information involving military intelligence or intelligence related
activities at all levels of classification, regardless of any restrictive access controls, special access
controls, or compartmented special access programs. There is no restriction on AARO receiving
any past or present UAP-related information, regardless of the organizational affiliation of the
original classification authority within the Department, the IC or any other USG department or
agency.
VI. AARO PROGRAM UPDATES
A. Analytic Division
The majority of AARO's case holdings remain unresolved due to a lack of data needed to
further analysis. Without sufficient actionable data, these cases cannot be researched or
analyzed. For the cases that merit further analysis, AARO continues to work closely with its IC,
DoD, and S&T partners to facilitate additional collection and conduct analysis using advanced
techniques such as modeling and simulation.
B. Operations Division
AARO continues to work with the Services, as the most critical executors in detecting,
collecting, and reporting UAP.
AARO also initiated USG working groups to address UAP in the space and maritime
domains.
C. Science and Technology Division
AARO is developing an S&T plan that discusses how AARO is approaching the UAP
problem set in a scientifically and technically rigorous manner, as described by 50 U.S.C. §
3733(g). The plan outlines the challenges facing UAP detection and identification such as a lack
of high quality sensor data and a series of gaps in the scientific knowledge base. The plan
presents a way forward on incorporate relevant sensor technologies, advanced data processing
capabilities, and maturing the UAP-related sciences to minimize the identified challenges.
AARO has begun collections using a prototype sensor system, GREMLIN, for detecting,
tracking, and characterizing UAP. GREMLIN demonstrated functionality and successfully
collected data during a test event in March of 2024. The next step for GREMLIN is a 90-day
pattern of life collection at a site of national security.
13
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 245, "chars": 1833, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSSIFIED
UNCLASSIFIED
Long-range
ADS-B
- --
SATCOM
2D Search
Radar
GPS
Long-
range
EO/IR
3D
Radar
GREMLIN
Network Stack
RF
Spectrum
Monitor
2D Search
Radar
Cellular
Link
Copper/Fiber
Link
2D Search
Radar
NAS
UNCLASSSIFIED
Figure 6: The GREMLIN sensor suite contains several sensing modalities to detect, track, characterize and
identify UAP in areas of interest.
AARO S&T, in coordination with ORNL, wrote a report from the materials analysis of
an alleged UAP and posted the analysis on AARO's website. Future efforts include publishing
requested supplemental data that further supports the report assessment. AARO S&T has
published a number of educational reports identifying key artifacts that arise from sensors (to
include parallax effect and Starlink flaring) producing performance characteristics of phenomena
seeming to exceed state-of-the-art capabilities leading observers to perceive and report these
sensor artifacts as anomalous phenomena. AARO S&T continues outreach across government,
industry, and academia through multiple efforts, including participating in National Science
Foundation sponsored workshops, speaking at conferences, and working with entities like the
Office of Science and Technology Policy to explore ways to improve whole-of-government
coordination activities.
D. Strategic Communications Division
AARO updates its public-facing website, www.aaro.mil, with declassified UAP data and
footage, case resolutions, UAP analytic trends, and other information about its mission.
AARO's website also hosts the secure mechanism for authorized reporting of UAP programs or
activities by current and former USG employees, Service members and contractors.
In April 2024, AARO reengaged on its X account to share information and updates with
the UAP community of interest on social media.
14
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 330, "chars": 2289, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
In March 2024, AARO released its unclassified Historical Record Report Volume I to the
public via its website, and AARO's Director briefed congressional oversight committees and the
media to explain the report's findings at the appropriate levels of classification.
In accordance with the Department's commitment to transparency on UAP matters,
AARO also posted historical documents relating to KONA BLUE, a Prospective and not
approved Special Access Program that was brought to AARO's attention by interviewees who
claimed that it was a sensitive Department of Homeland Security compartment to cover up the
retrieval and exploitation of "non-human biologics."
In March 2024, AARO launched an "R-space" page for the cleared community and
provides monthly updates on its work and findings up to the TS/SCI level to promote increased
collaboration and information sharing related to UAP.
In spring of 2024, the Department reviewed and approved its GENADMIN guidance on
UAP reporting and materiel disposition for public release, which AARO has amplified on its
website to promote increased awareness of how service members should report UAP sightings
and also how best to handle and transfer all data or recovered material to AARO for analysis.
VIl. WAY FORWARD
Airborne UAP continue to dominate UAP reporting with 708 of the 757 reports from this
reporting period occurring in the air domain. The relationship between AARO and USAF,
including the National Air and Space Intelligence Center and the Air Force Research Laboratory,
continues to deepen and expand in terms of collection, analysis, exploitation, and resolution.
AARO will continue to develop partnerships across the USG, academia, and commercial
communities. Through these partnerships, AARO will expand its sensor technology capabilities,
analytic tool suites, and the UAP-related sciences spanning the space, air, and maritime domains.
AARO and NIM-MIL are strengthening targeted IC collection to mitigate reporting bias,
increase reporting quality, and develop more comprehensive domain awareness. This
partnership will help organizations focus on the information they should be seeking from UAP
observers to provide valuable, complete reporting for subsequent analysis by AARO and its
partners.
15
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 365, "chars": 2629, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
APPENDIX A: GLOSSARY OF TERMS
Active Archive: Cases lacking sufficient data to facilitate analysis are placed in an archive
where they will be held for pattern of life and for trend analysis or reexamined if additional data
becomes available. Archived cases may be reopened and resolved should additional information
emerge to support analysis.
Airborne UAP: Sources of anomalous detections between Earth's mean sea level and the
Karman Line.
Maritime UAP: Sources of anomalous detections at or below Earth's mean sea level within a
body of water.
Spaceborne UAP: Sources of anomalous detections above the Karman Line (i.e., 100
kilometers above Earth's mean sea level).
Transmedium UAP: Sources of anomalous detections that transit more than one domain.
Unidentified Anomalous Phenomena (UAP): Sources of anomalous detections in one or more
domain (i.e., airborne, maritime, spaceborne, and/or transmedium) that are not attributable to
known actors and that demonstrate behaviors that are not readily understood by sensors or
observers. "Anomalous detections" include but are not limited to phenomena that demonstrate
apparent capabilities or material that exceed known performance envelopes. A UAP may consist
of one or more unidentified anomalous objects and may persist over an extended period of time.
VAP Attribution: The assessed natural or artificial source of the phenomenon and includes
solar, weather, tidal events; U.S. Government, scientific, industry, and private activities; and
foreign (allied or adversary) government, scientific, industry, and private activities.
UAP Data: Any records of UAP detection, observation, identification, effects (on persons or
equipment), mitigation, and material exploitation. UAP data includes but is not limited to:
written notes, still photography and full-motion video, audio recordings, full- and partial-
spectrum characterization, and digital records from observers, sensors, platforms, debriefers, and
investigators.
UAP Engagement: Bringing UAP under kinetic or non-kinetic fire, to deny, disrupt, or destroy
the phenomenon and/or its objects).
UAP Incident: Any occurrence where UAP is detected by persons or sensors.
UAP Incursion: Any UAP incident in, on, or near U.S. military installations, operating areas,
training areas, special use airspace, proximity operations, and/or other national security areas of
interest. Other areas of interest include but are not limited to U.S. critical infrastructure, IC
installations and platforms, and national defense equities of military allies and intelligence
coalitions (e.g., Five Eyes (FVEY)).
16
UNCLASSIFIED

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 100, "chars": 771, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED
UAP Interrogation: The elicitation of UAP location, capabilities, characteristics, and/or intent
using sensing capabilities including, but not limited to, electro-optical/imagery, infrared/thermal,
radiofrequency/radar, light/laser (e.g., LIDAR/LADAR), electromagnetic means.
UAP Objects and Material: Corporeal artifacts of UAP. UAP may contain one or more UAP
objects (e.g., airborne craft exhibiting apparent anomalous capabilities). UAP material are
samples, in whole or in part, of UAP objects (e.g., debris).
UAP Risk: A safety hazard to persons, materiel, or information (e.g., from collision).
UAP Threat: A force protection and/or national security threat to persons, materiel, or
information by UAP that demonstrate hostile intent.
17
UNCLASSIFIED
