{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465648","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95114","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2340,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/648/mufon-5465648.json","updb_database_id":5465648}
{dr}Hovering then quick black triangle aircraft over CA

As a college student I had just gone to bed around 3am. I sleep next to the window, which was open, and I heard a low humming noise outside that did not sound like a normal plane or helicopter. I looked out the window and noticed the stars were blacking out, and my eyes adjusted and saw what looked like a triangular shaped craft, with structural shaping and indentations that made it look a tiny bit more like a bomber layered into the triangle. It had a thick back end with definition in the middle, I'm think some kind of very small lights. It had a couple of other bright lights on it but I don't remember where and won't speculate. The craft hovered about 100-150ft above the house and moved slowly over my house and northward through the neighborhood a couple of blocks and then instantaneously and silently jumped away toward the Northeast. I went back to bed and tweeted something about 'Camp Pendleton always testing annoying crap' (I've long since left Twitter). We lived next to a highly active military base that always did tests, exercises, flyovers, audible bombing training, and more activity around our area. I assumed it was military, and obviously didn't know much about the normal limits of aircraft and assumed hovering was something we were close to doing. I had never heard of this type of craft, and do not believe in aliens or UFOs and have never experienced another sighting. I always found the alien industry very, very stupid. However, when I recently heard from others that this similar sighting has occurred through many decades, I am uneasy and decided to report this somehow. This is the limit of my memory but please let me know if you have any further questions.
