{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-14 20:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284786","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118628","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2262,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/786/mufon-5284786.json","updb_database_id":5284786}
Greenish Lights in cloud over Hillsborough County Florida

Last night I was out on a bike ride near the Mangrove Bay golf course at 62nd Ave NE in Saint Petersburg, FL at approximately 8:35 pm. While looking for wild dogs on the golf course, I noticed a cloud in the NE section of the sky light up like a lightning strike in the cloud. The light however was a greenish color like I’ve never seen in lighting before. It looked more like the color of the Aurora Borealis. 

After about two seconds of green light, a deep blue color then appeared slightly lower in altitude, again sorta like lightning like the green flash and lit up the cloud for about two seconds. This blue more closely resembled a lightning flash in color but it was a very unique blue color as well. The whole light show lasted about 4 seconds. 

From the location I was at, the bottom of the cloud was slightly obscured by the oak trees on the golf course, so I drove to the end of 62nd Ave NE to get a better view. I watched this same cloud from 8:41 pm to 8:51 pm until the no see ums become too much to stand and I left. 

I never saw another light flash from the cloud. 

Also as I watched the cloud from the end of 62nd Ave NE the place in the cloud where the lights came from seemed to evaporate. I have a picture but it was taken on an IPad and isn’t very bright and doesn’t show anything (IPad cameras suck at night).

It was probably just crazy colored lightning.......

But the cloud didn’t seem large enough to generate lightning and the color green was so unique I felt like I should make a report to see if someone got a better view or made a similar observation.
