{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-28 22:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495786","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63641","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3113,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/786/mufon-5495786.json","updb_database_id":5495786}
talking on my phone at night, light apppered with a beam of light looked up and an object was hovering like 20-25ft away from me then less than 40ft up.

came out to my nannas & Papa's for tea and they invited there friends over,which they live on a farm in the middle of Hardwicke Bay and Warroka, Yorke Pensiula, SA. I had just finished my tea and I made a phonecall to one of my friends from school outside of the office. All of a sudden it was getting a little breezy and I said on the phone to my friend "I's getting a little windy,i'm getting a little cold is it windy where you are? and cold?" then I looked up at the trees because i could here the wind becoming more stronger then I looked at my phone again because it vibrated and then I heard like a Swoshh.. like a whirly wind was happening i looked up and a object was hovering over the trees which it had yellow and orange lights around it shaped in a disc form, then a beam of a light blue and white came down not all the way just a little bit around 70-80cm from the under of the object off the ground, and it kept hovering I said "I will call you back soon" then ended the call. I was screaming because I had no idea what it was going doing to me because i had no idea what it was i didnt know if something was gonna jump out or if the object was going to move towards me and make the beam of light which was located under neath the object shine upon me beacuse I was thinking of the documentrey that I saw on the TV not long ago which the object beam of light shined upon these people and they were no where to be seen. The light from undernath fainted and it moved slowely east and I ran inside and got all the adults and i said "Come quickly there is something in the sky that is moving away from it's where it was directly in front of me while i was talking on the phone! can you not here me screaming? qucikly" and they all came running out of the house to see it when we got out there it was moving very slowely away from where i was standing. As we were watching it we were trying to decide what is was by the lights and shape and the movemement then as i said "UFO" its lights just all switched of now its no where to been seen... Tonight. Now I feel so scared because I have no idea where it came from, how it got here on especially on Yorke Penisula,it just came out of no where! and I have no idea what to do i just dont want it to come back!I defiently dont want to get abducted!! and now i know we are not the only ones on this planet by the looks of it.
