{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520786","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35628","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3066,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/786/mufon-5520786.json","updb_database_id":5520786}
Sky Watch at Asheville

Mystery Objects
My wife and I were personally invited to visit someone1s home in Fletcher, NC outside Asheville by North Carolinas1 Public Relations Director Israel Curiel. 
The witness has been seeing lights in the sky around the house for two weeks and the last four consecutive nights in the same general location.
On our arrival we were met by our host, who suddenly told us to turn round where we witnessed a bright star like object, approximately 20,000 feet up behaving in random movements and displaying colours. She said this UFO will be here for awhile, so we were escorted to the rear of the house where we witnessed another star like object, same as the one in front behaving in a similar pattern. We did not find this unusual looking in the sky at this time, she said "wait" things will change.

There was significant cloud cover which hindered our ability to see anything, but on occasion the cloud cover would break up giving us access to the object. 

Shortly the UFO sent what appeared to be sparkles and falling downward, this was witnessed by three of us this was a familiar activity that has been seen by previous sightings by us.
The witness said she had a video taken by a Digital Camera of the same objects; it was clearly visible off the same type object. As you watched the video, there were two smaller objects dancing around the larger object and changing colours. 
To our surprise, they formed a pattern of a disc shaped object with secondary colours were surrounding it as it was manoeuvring. Although the cloud continued our host pointed to the locations where she would normally see them.
During our time there, we heard a Military Jet screaming overhead.

Overall they were six witnesses that evening and we all saw these objects 

Our host should ius where she often seee them, I took several photos during that night where the sky was opening up, I had captured some anomalies. Photos were taken on a Canon Rebel T3 with 30 second exposure time.
I want to thank our host for inviting us into their home and Israel for this amazing experience, who also brought with him his father and brother.
