{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-25 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286786","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116596","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2862,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/786/mufon-5286786.json","updb_database_id":5286786}
1-2 second sighting, Red spherical light, psychic phenomena suspected.

Approx 6pm, I was walking out my front door heading south toward my truck parked in the street (25 ft away) and before I reached my truck I was suddenly urged to turn around and look north at the sky above my home. Right when I set my eyes at the sky above my home, I saw the red glowing object suddenly appear and traverse the sky in a crescent like trajectory, dropping in altitude, before disappearing without a trace. From my perspective, if I was holding my watch up with 12 pointing straight up, and 6, straight down, it appeared at about the 2 o'clock position and in a matter of 1-2 seconds moved to the left and lower to about the 7 o'clock position. The sighting was very quick. It felt personal. If I had stopped to look a second late or a second early I would have missed it, I guess. Plus, I'm currently on crutches for a health condition. Typically, I try and get from point A (in this case, my house) to point B (truck) asap. I don't usually stop to smell the roses or stop abruptly to turn around and look at the sky. I feel I was prompted to do so. I must admit, I've been following the news and I find the whole UFO subject very interesting and have been following developments and researching history quite closely. So when this sighting occurred it was almost too familiar like I knew exactly what I was looking at--it was characteristically very similar to what I've seen from video reports of UFO's. After the sighting, I turned around, got in my truck, and went about my business. In retrospect, I wish I would have gone back inside, get a camera, tell my mom, anything typical for someone who had just seen a UAP, but no, I was very calm, almost trance like, and felt I was shown what I saw to dissolve some of my skepticism and perhaps make a report. I don't know why exactly but it wanted me to see it for whatever reason. That's the only conclusion I can draw from the event. I live in a very populated area west of Houston so I'm curious if anyone else saw what I did. I'm sorry, I do not have any addition evidence, just my personal experience which I would absolutely testify under oath, take a lie detector, make a report, whatever to add credibility to my sighting. Thank you.
