{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-06 22:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507786","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50892","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2848,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/786/mufon-5507786.json","updb_database_id":5507786}
{kt}Glowing orange object with bried flame-like tail, then tail disappeared and object moved E/SE on various path.

I was on vacation, staying at a hotel just off 22 at the 309 exit. When I turned off 309 and headed south to the hotel I saw the orange orb-like object and it had a huge orange glowing tail behind it, but only briefly. The huge tail and the unique orange glow were what caught my eye, it was almost impossible not to see it if you looked anywhere south at that time. After 5 seconds or so the tail disappeared but the orange orb remained. I quickly drove into the parking lot and stopped so I could get out and get a better look. It disappeared completely for approximately 20 seconds then re-appeared slightly east of the last position I saw it in. It seemed just a bit smaller at this time, still bigger than a star but smaller than when I saw it with the tail. Slowly it grew a bit bigger once more, then started moving east toward the Atlantic, seemingly due east at first then it seemed to change direction and head south east. The object made several direction changes during the entire time I watched it, none drastic, but definitely enough of a direction change that there was no question it changed course. Initially I thought maybe it was a meteor burning up in the atmosphere but it wasnt moving very fast at all and as I previously stated the tail disappeared but the orb remained where it was for at least 15 seconds before it disappeared and re-appeared. This makes the 3rd glowing orange Orb that Ive seen in the past 2 years, and at this point I was actually excited to see it. I lost sight of the object because it kept heading east/south east until it was too far away to see anymore. There were plenty of planes in the area due to traffic at LVI, and this object was much bigger and easily discernible from any common man-made aircraft. I hope someone else saw this one, it was awesome. If I were to guess the amount of time I actually watched it, I would say 4-6 minutes total. I was too damn excited to note the exact time I started and stopped watching, but it was somewhere around 11 p.m. Sept. 6th 2013 (a Friday night), and wasnt around for long before it moved so far south and east that I couldnt see it anymore.
