{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1958-05-01 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493786","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65719","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2976,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/786/mufon-5493786.json","updb_database_id":5493786}
{rjl} Cousin & I saw a large metalic circular craft descending from right to left. Full daylight, no obstructions, observed for 1-3 minutes before it went behind a large mountain to the North or left from where we were sitting. Observed by others in town.

It must have been about 1958 because I was either a freshman or sophomore in High School. Late afternoon, plenty of light, a few clouds. Cousin and I sitting in yard watching traffic on the small narrow country road at the corner of what is now Railroad St and Rittertown Road in the small town of Hampton, TN. We were looking in an easterly direction. Cousin looked up and said, "What is that?" I looked up and saw a very large circular craft maybe 1000 feet or maybe a little more off the ground descending in a slant from right to left. It disappeared behind a large mountain to the left. It was so large it was probably one third as large as the mountain. It was grey or silver in color and had a shape similar to a round aspirin tablet with a side. We could see a little of the bottom side as well as the top. It did not make any sound nor do I remember any lights in the daylight. There was no smoke trail behind it. It was below the clouds so our vision was not impeded by any means. It was obviously a metal flying craft of a kind that doesn't even exist today, let alone in the mid-fifties. When I went to High School the next day several people from our little town talked about seeing it also. A story circulated that the newspaper in Bristol, TN. had published a story the next day about a craft crashing in the mountains near there. The rumor was that several people went into the woods to investigate and smelled something like sulfer in the air and someone reported seeing a little man in a tree. This last part is only rumor but maybe there was a report in the paper. Bristol, TN is in the exact direction the craft was headed when we last saw it. Feelings were one of excitement and wonder. I have never forgotten the incident and wondered if anyone else who saw it has reported it to UFO investigators and if any investigation was ever completed. Would sure like to hear of anything that was or is found.I just put a date of the incident although I don't remember specifically when it was. Since I was in school, it had to be between August and June although it was not in the Winter time. The weather was mild.
