{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-01-01 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481786","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78198","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2322,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/786/mufon-5481786.json","updb_database_id":5481786}
Orbs and Strange lights around construction site, construction had trouble being completed

I reported earlier about my grandmother relaying an event that she witnessed in Manchester England when I was around 4 years old. This is not the first strange occurrence that my grandmother has witnessed.
She told me about two other strange occurrences in her life which were brief and not detailed. I tried at the time to get more information from her but she was unable to give any. Now please remember that my grandmother was a simple woman, born in rural India in the height of the British empire, she never learned how to read and in all the years that I knew my grandmother she never showed interest in aliens or UFO1s or the like and I always got the impression that she never believed in life beyond the stars mostly because she lived a simple life.

Event Two1 Balls of Light from Construction site.

The second event happened over the period of many years and I believe it started when a fancy condo was being built next to my grandmothers Apartment block. At the time she was living in Hackney, England around 10 Years ago.
She reported seeing strange lights floating in or around the building site and strangely enough the building site took a long time to be finished because it kept having structural issues and kept falling apart. In case you are curious the site was previously a children1s library.
On one occasion my grandmother reported seeing a ball of light enter through her window and float around her room for a minuet or so before flying back out of the window and vanishing.

So to conclude these two events my grandmother witnessed and now I have relayed them to you. I hope it becomes of help in the future.
