{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-14 18:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497786","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61550","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3613,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/786/mufon-5497786.json","updb_database_id":5497786}
{rjl} Unknown Craft Crossed Road at Tree Top Level

Unknown Craft in Grangeville Near the Loran C Facility

On Friday November 14, 2014, it was approximately 18:00 hours and already very dark. We were returning home from Pidgeon Forge, Tennessee. We had travelled all day trying to return home before it got too late. We had just passed through Pine Grove, LA on LA Hwy 16 had just turned onto LA Hwy 63. 

Before we had made it to the driveway of the (now closed down) 1U.S. Coast Guard Grangeville Loran C facility1, my Father-in-Law pointed out that there were lights passing over the road. I looked upward ahead of us and there were relatively dim lights were travelling just barely above the tree tops. 

The lights were so dim that they caused very little if any reflected glow on the crafts surface around it. We could not make out anything about the shape of the craft. Even our vehicle headlights did not put enough light to make out anything about the craft other than the lights. 

The lights were in a linear placement along the craft and they were very close to the tree tops. So, the would be on the bottom of the craft. The lights were few, but we were able to see them as they crossed the road. 

After the first lights reached the west side of the road, I started watching the lights that were at the edge of the east side of the road the eastern most lights crossed the road completely before the last of the lights came into view on the eastern side. 

The craft was at least twice as long as the distance from the tree tops on one side of the road to the tree tops on the other side of the road. Because of this, I am guessing that the craft must be at least 501 1 701 in length. It could be longer, but I could only use the lights as I could not make anything out about the craft but the lights.

The craft was travelling slowly. I would compare it to about the speed of someone walking fast. By the way that it moved slowly but steady, it reminded me of a Blimp or a Dirigible.

The craft passed just south of the 1U.S. Coast Guard Grangeville Loran C facility1 driveway, so I am suspecting that it was one of our crafts that is being tested and is using the Loran Facility as a base or a stopover area. I looked up the facility on Google Maps and converted over to the Satellite image and noticed there are a couple of areas that would provide a clearing large enough to set down the craft and still have enough clearing around it for some maneuvering space.

This area is definitely rural. The area closely around the sighting is wooded. The Amite River is nearby and has several Sand and Gravel Pits around it. There is a Commercial Dairy Farm nearby and a few other land owners in the area who also raise some cattle. 

Personally, I feel that this was some sort of Government Craft especially with it travelling somewhat in the direction of a "closed" U.S. Coast Guard Facility.

Our windows were up on our vehicle, but we heard no noise other than what our vehicle made.
