{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-06 20:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515786","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42357","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4238,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/786/mufon-5515786.json","updb_database_id":5515786}
(GS) Observation of 4 individual objects propelled by flames, go from ground level to the stars and disappear. One object was less thanfour feet from me and approximately three feet above me.

Every morning and night I walk my dog. I live two blocks from the Chesapeake Bay. Last night at 8:30 pm I walked out of my front door to take my dog for a walk. I crossed the street and walked less than five feet up the street when I observed a bright light coming from the side of my neighbors house. I turned to look at it and observed what I can only describe as an object that looked like a Chinese lantern. It was oval in shape, and appeared transparent, almost as if it was made out of paper. At the bottom of this oval was the most unusal red/orange flame. It was not the color of a normal fire,and the points of the flame were very defined. This object made no noise and gave off no odor. It was not a balloon, did not have anything attached to it, did not have any marking on it, and was approximately between one and two feet in length. It hovered in place for a few seconds so I could definately see it, and then it took off at an angle and elevated very rapidly into the sky. The red/orange light grew in size and was visible for several minutes before disappearing out of view. I turned to resume my walk, when another similar object came from the same location and began its accent. This time a pizza delivery man had stopped his car, got out of it, and asked me if I saw the light. We both watched this second light glow brilliantly as it moved through the air upwards. We both were in a state of disbelief. At this same time another neighbor was pulling his car into his driveway and when he exited it, a third object, coming from the same direction, began to come towards us, as if it too, wanted this other man to observe the light. He watched it move with us and stated at he believed in UFOs and it did not surprise him. He went into his house and the pizza driver said he had to get going. He had a video camera on his phone and had attempted to record the third object but felt he did not get it right. I continued to walk down the street backwards so that I could maintain my view of where these objects had taken off from. A slight ways down the street,a fourth, and final object appeared and moved into the sky.

I live in an area where both commercial and military planes routinely cross the sky, many with red, white and blue lights. These four objects were not something dropped from a plane, they came up from either the ground or the water. I believe they started out small, but grew in size as they accended, for there is no way the brightness and intensity of their light/flame would have been viewable for the lenght of time and distance that they travelled.

I feel they intentionally wanted me to see them. While they clearly were not manned, they were not of this world and were controlled by some type of operator. 

I do not fear or doubt the existence of life beyond our own. In the Bible Jesus talkes about messages for individuals who have eyes to see and ears to hear. We all don't see the Big Foots, mermaids, Leprechauns, ghosts, angels and UFOs equally. Those of us who have the eyes and ears are the ones who see. Those who don't see, don't believe, but for those of us who do, the experience is real and meaningful. 

What I saw last night while walking my dog was a gift. I did not need to see it to believe, but know with great certainity, and with others to share in my observations, that we are not alone and we have a long way to go in developing technology similar to what I witnessed last night.
