{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-15 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518786","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38212","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2779,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/786/mufon-5518786.json","updb_database_id":5518786}
Triangular object with oddly patterned green and red flashing lights. Impossibly sharp turning.

I was laying in bed and caught sight of red and green flashing lights in the sky out of my east facing bedroom window. They seemed to remain in one spot (though I can't be certain, I was observing through net curtains at this point). I got up to have a look (so now had an unobstructed view), and saw them moving north or north east (difficult to be certain, but they were moving across my vision from right to left, so were north bound).

Red and green on an aircraft are port and starboard respectively. An aircraft moving right to left across my vision should only have been displaying a red (port) light, not both. Furthermore, the flashing sequence was unusual and there seemed to be multiple red and green lights. They were also incredibly bright.

The aircraft then turned, sharply and suddenly. I am a qualified pilot and am not aware of an aircraft which could have made such a manoeuvre. I watched as it began to move south westwards (so left to right across my vision). As it passed due south of my house, I could make out just green lights (I think they were steady, not flashing) in a triangular shape. There were at least three of them. I am not sure if I saw a cross section or the underside of the aircraft due to the darkness.
It made no noise.

I went to my bathroom window (west facing, on the other side of my house) and saw it in the distance briefly, red and green lights flashing. It performed another sharp turn and headed back toward my house. It disappeared due south of my house and I returned to my bedroom, but did not see it return to the other side. I'm not saying it just vanished: it could have headed due north or due south, and there are a lot of trees and tall buildings obstructing the view.

So let me summarise:

Impossible turning. I doubt even a military jet could have made such a manoeuvre.

No sound, despite it flying low (it must have been low or I would not have been able to make out all the lights and shape of it), making a military jet more unlikely.

Light patterns and layouts I did not recognise, and I am a pilot.
A triangular shape.
