{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-10-06 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292786","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110530","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2736,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/786/mufon-5292786.json","updb_database_id":5292786}
Orb Floating In Sky During Vintage Plane Flyover

On October 6, 2018 just before 4:30pm I was awaken from a nap to the sound of engines of low flying planes. Immediately I recognized the sound of that of vintage airplanes that periodically would fly over Pasadena. I went outside to catch a glimpse. I had just missed them but could still hear the engines off in the distance toward the south. As I was scanning the sky for the planes, looking to the south I noticed something in the sky. It was a reddish circular object that seemed to be floating hundreds of feet in the sky. I stood there wondering what it was. As I watched, it seemed to be slowly moving east and change color. In the couple of minutes that I watched it, it changed from a dark reddish color to grey.
At this point I decided to get my cell phone. I went into the house & grabbed my phone. Once back outside I could hear the planes getting closer again. I opened my phone and started recording trying to find the object. It was just seconds after I started recording when the planes passed over head (first video). I stopped recording after they flew by. I looked back into the sky but couldn’t see the object anymore. Then I noticed something going in and out of a cloud. This time the object was now a silver metallic color. I started recording again and caught it has it came into view just from behind a cloud (second video). The object is only in view for a quick second then the video scrambles. I was shocked that the video scrambled because I had never had this happen before. Did the object cause the video to scramble?! I stopped recording immediately after this happened & went back inside the house. I watched the video a few times and was just amazed how the screen scrambled. Since then, my phone has never done that again. I went back outside to look for the object again but didn’t see it anymore.
