{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-10-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489786","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69821","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2652,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/786/mufon-5489786.json","updb_database_id":5489786}
{jpg} heard deep low hum looked up saw disc shaped craft skimming tree tops. Moving very slow.

I was playing tag with two of my brothers outside in our yard. We had been at it for quite sometime and needed to rest and take a break. My brothers went inside the house to get a drink I had asked them to bring me something to drink. I had laid back on my elbows on the ground, resting. Within a few minutes I heard a deep low pulsating hum. But I couldn't tell exactly where it was originating from. It started to get louder within 15 to 20 seconds. The sound was above me, coming from my left, I saw a silver gray disc shaped craft moving very slowly just skimming the tree tops by about 15 to 20 feet. It traveled in straight path over the clearing of my yard, which was approx. 150 feet, and then over the trees again. As it was traveling over the clearing of my yard it was almost directly over-head as I noticed 4 dome shaped lights flashing bright intermittently. The dome shaped lights were approx. 6 to 8 feet in diameter. All white in color. No other colors were visible. After the craft had cleared the span of the yard, my two brothers and my mother came running out from the house. My mother frantically asked me what that hum and vibration was and I told her what I had just witnessed. She was in shock. The vibration rattled the Windows and knick knacks inside the house. Later that evening we heard on the radio that others had seen it in the same area. The thing that impressed me the most was how it could stay airborne to be moving so slow! To this day it still seems so surreal. I can still see the entire event in my mind as if it happened today. Extremely Vivid!!!! I remembered being disappointed that my brothers didn't see it. But they certainly heard it and felt it vibrate. I also remember feeling scared and anxious after it was over, not while I witnessed it happening. Although I wad young at the, I did realize that what I was seeing wasn't a normal thing to experience. It just wasn't normal looking. The very existence of this craft.
