{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-19 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470786","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89700","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2525,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/786/mufon-5470786.json","updb_database_id":5470786}
Bright lights close to the horizon. Moving in sine wave motion back and forth. Split into multiple lights and then back to one.

I was camping on 89B (Angel Valley Rd, Sedona

Looking towards NE, I noticed there were some lights moving fairly quickly in the distance. They seemed to split to become two lights and then three. The lights would occasionally become very bright, much brighter than Venus for example and by far the brightest object in the area. They would flash momentarily and then go dimmer again. 

At first I imagined that the lights were perhaps hikers in the distance shining their lights through the trees. They kept appearing and disappearing. Then it looked like a car driving over a hill because there were two lights that moved in sync. 

The lights totally disappeared for about a minute and the one light came and started to move in a sine wave like motion from left to right, then making a smooth loop backwards to go back the other way, again in a sine wave like movement. The movement was very smooth and seemed very precisely controlled. 
The lights split into two, another one moving about a finger-width apart from the other at about 7 o'clock. They moved in sync, staying at the same distance apart and moving in the same sine-wave like movement. Occasionally one would become very bright and glow white and then dim to a slightly orange / warm white colour. This happened numerous times during the sighting (30+).

Then another light split off and was very close to the first so there were three moving in sync now. They kept moving in the sine wave movement backa dn forth and sometimes would go dead straight across before starting to move in a wave again. 

The lights split and rejoined multiple times. They were always moving in sync except when the split or joined. Sometimes they would appear and disappear. 
Towards then end they dimmed to a small orange colour and eventually vanished.
