{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474786","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85524","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3191,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/786/mufon-5474786.json","updb_database_id":5474786}
{dr}Orbs, flying creatures of light, light tubes shooting orbs. There seems to be about 7 different light beings types.

Hello:

I have been taking night pictures for about two years now, and have recorded some VERY unusual phenomenon. I have taken over 12,000 pictures, assembling over 500 into a special folder of the most unusual.

I have eliminated all of the common explanations: reflections, bugs, something on the lens, something wrong with the camera. I have used multiple cameras, and take multiple pictures of the same composition. I am about to begin recording them with a video camera, and I am sure there will be some fascinating things showing up. They appear to respond to my request. The very first picture I took, I said "If there is a light being, or fairy around me, then fly to my hand." Once I saw that first picture, I was hooked. 

I started out taking the night pictures because a friend had shown me a few Orbs on the internet. I wasn't expecting to photograph these other light beings and flying creatures. 

There is also a picture of a dock that clearly shows some kind of dimensional shift taking place. The posts in the foreground are clean and focused. As the posts recede they become transparent and you can clearly see the ripples through the fading solid posts!

My favorite is a white glowing tube about as big around as a tennis ball can and about two feet long. It is shooting glowing orbs out the end of it for more than fifty feet. Ummm...not bugs, reflections, dust...etc....something very unusual is occurring. 

I am assembling them along with some video into a digital book soon called "Light Beings of Lost Lake."

Let me know what you think. Oh...and no...I have not manipulated these photos. It is what it is. You will discover ZERO forgery.

Charlie
