{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-07-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289786","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113567","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3067,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/786/mufon-5289786.json","updb_database_id":5289786}
Followed by an unidentified object.

I grew up in a very small town in N.H. My boyfriend, myself and another friend were sitting in his car in a dirt parking lot next to a large barn where barn dances were held. It was midnight or later, after the dance was over and everyone had left. I was either 16 or 17 years old so it was either 1968 or 1969. There were no lights or other people around. The barn was located up a long dirt road. My girlfriend was in the back seat crying about some thing (teenage angst) and I turned around to look at her and saw behind the rear window a vehicle with lots of lights rotating approaching the rear of the car. It was flying and not on the ground but not high up. I yelled and my boyfriend turned and looked and he took off like lightning. We flew down the dirt road for about 2 miles and this "thing" followed us very closely for much the trip. He kept trying to reassure us, saying it was a helicopter but it sure wasn't. There was no sound and there were no helicopters that flew there back then, especially around all the mountains and late at night.  It was unusual to see any planes at all at any time in our town back then. When we got to the bottom of the road, the 'thing" had disappeared, or so we thought. We were very shaken up. We took my girlfriend home and headed back to my house. We had to stop and turn left or right as a lake was in front of us. As we stopped at the stop sign, we saw the 'thing' above a small mountain across the lake. It hovered there for about 3 minutes, then moved to the left and went up at a speed unknown. It looked as if a vacuum had sucked it up into the atmosphere. Just sucked it up at an amazing speed and it vanished. My boyfriend drove me home and he left. We hardly spoke on the ride home, just saying "Oh My God, what was that?".  We never spoke about it afterwards and I don't recall telling anyone. When i got home, my parents were in bed and I sat up for hours, in the dark, looking out the windows. I didn't see it again, thank God. After so many years, I am now 68 yrs old and my old boyfriend has to be 69 or 70. I just recently connected with him on Face Book and asked him if he recalled the UFO incident. He said he remembers it happened but not the details. I recounted what I remembered and how the details were burned into my memory like it was yesterday but he couldn't remember all that I did. i can't search for my old girlfriend as I don't recall her last name.
