{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-03 12:37:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498786","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60382","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4630,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/786/mufon-5498786.json","updb_database_id":5498786}
{nd} Observed three sphere-shaped white objects of the same size, shape and color that were evenly spaced in a straight line aligned north-east to south-west.

Q1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?
A1. Camping in "Packer Gulch" area near Tarryall Reservoir - Lat 391 10.868'N Lon 1051 36.513'W (approximate). 

Q2. What made you first notice the object?
A2. Sitting around camp fire looking up at the beautiful clear blue sky.

Q3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?
A3. I thought maybe it was a cloud, balloon, or possibly drone with hover capability.  

Q4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.
A4. Observed three sphere-shaped white objects of the same size, shape and color that were evenly spaced in a straight line aligned north-east to south-west. The three spheres were stationary and appeared to not be moving at all for 30-min to 1hr. Over a period of several hours all three objects moved together very, very slowly in a south-west direction until they disappeared from sight. The pattern of movement, albeit very slow, was such that the three objects moved in unison in a line formation keeping an equal distance from one another - this characteristic was the most difficult to explain.     

Q5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.
A5. Confusion, amazement and fear. We continued to discuss the event through the night and the days to follow.  

Q6. How did you lose sight of the object?
A6. They slowly moved out of sight. 

Summary of event: Sitting around camp I noticed one white spherically-shaped object almost directly overhead. I did not say anything for several minutes as I was trying to make sense out of what I was seeing but could not. Thinking to myself about possible explanations I was able to rule out the following: cloud, balloon, plane, drone and celestial bodies (planets / moon / star). At that time I pointed out the object to my wife and asked what do you think that is? She had trouble spotting the object at first then was puzzled as was I once she saw it. We then both stood up and starting looking more closely at the sky and minutes later I spotted a second object that was exactly the same size, shape and color as the first object observed. We then started to look at the two objects with binoculars and were amazed at what we were seeing - the objects were perfectly round white spheres that appears to be made of soft white light and gave off a dull glow. They did not appear metallic or disc shaped and were perfectly still and motionless. After several more minutes my wife then noticed that there was a third object exactly the same size, shape and color as the first and second objects observed. At this time we realized the three objects were aligned in a north-east to south-west straight line formation all at the same altitude and equal distance apart from one another. We began to take video and photo documentation of the event and were also at that time a bit on edge and fearful of what we had seen. Over the next several hours all three objects moved together very, very slowly in a south-west direction maintaining the same altitude until they disappeared from sight. The pattern of movement, albeit very slow, was such that the three objects moved in unison in a straight line formation keeping an equal distance from one another - this characteristic of their movement and the fact that there was three objects, was the most difficult to explain.
