{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-02 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513786","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44476","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2695,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/786/mufon-5513786.json","updb_database_id":5513786}
(GS) traveling south across backyard, treetop, I saw it, it stop, decented, change shape, became brighter, probed the room,look for me, departed, I FROZE.

1. I was watching TV on the floor down stairs in the den on a pallet, pillow, throw, blanket.
2. Could see it thru the blinds in the den, just above TV height.Traveling left to right. 
3. I am a retired military trained instructor & retired firefighter and I can assure you that I have never witness anything like this in my entire life. What is that, what is it, who is out there?
4. The object was orange & transparent,I saw thru it, floating 25ft above ground across the backyard. It stop, immediately, once I noticed it & turned at a 45 degree angle and decented to top center of the 3(SET)of den windows where I was. Once in center position above the windows, it changed shape from retangle to oval, changed colors from bright orange to a intense bright yellow-gold, it lit-up the whole den as it decented in a downward motion as it probed the room as though it was looking for me. When it changed colors, everything in front of it seem to disappear, as the light became a solid whole object. 
5. Before this happen, my home was my castle, safe & secure form all harm, only invited guest could enter. Not anymore! Only, my head was uncovered during the event, as I lay facing the object, refusing to move or draw any more undue attention. I have known fear before in the military and fighting fires or growing up in the ghetto, but I have never experience this type of fear of being totally exposed and confused in my own home. What other things was I facing? Should I get a gun and shoot the object? What or who has the technology or reason to invade my life or my family in this way in an uninvited manner and why? I am a religious person who never bothers anyone and my life will never be the same, again!
6. As the object disappered behind the TV in its downward decent, I lay motionless for about 30 mins. before I got up to gather my thoughts and composture. I wiped tears from my eyes, wondering why me and who would believe me!
