{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-28 20:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481226","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78798","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3068,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/226/mufon-5481226.json","updb_database_id":5481226}
{jpg} Red-flashing black and red object hovered overhead then fluttered away quite swiftly

My wife and I were walking through our neighborhood just after sunset, around 8:05 or so. Sunlight was still illuminating the sky and cast some orange borders on wispy clouds. I'll admit that we had been drinking and were not actually sober. But we saw the same thing, mostly.

I looked up at what I thought was a drone. It looked about the size of one of the professional drones that are 3 feet wide. It was hovering overhead, about 30 feet above the roof top of a house off of SE Gladstone St between SE 27th and SE 28th Ave.

As I looked closer for drone propellers I realized it was slowly turning upside down. It was thin like a deflated mylar balloon. To my wife it also looked thin but she saw a glowing red diamond shape, like a kite but glowing like a flame. I saw a black, amorphous object with four or so red lights shining out of it. The red lights appeared to flash randomly as though they were just reflecting off of a red metallic surface as the object rotated. This was past sunset though, so I don't know where such a bright, direct light would've been coming from.

I then noticed that the object was fluttering like a flat weightless ash rising out of a fire. After it turned upside down it's right side rose, then it wobbled so it's left side rose like the random movements of a falling piece of paper. But it wasn't falling. My wife saw this movement too. 

We both saw it pick up velocity in the southbound direction and leave the area quite swiftly. I believe it went in a straight line about 60-80 feet above the ground. The fluttering movements didn't speed up or change. They remained graceful and almost care free as we watched it travel at a constant altitude over the roof tops. Since it wasn't very high we couldn't track it for long. Houses and trees soon obstructed our view. It was surprising how much distance it gained so quickly. I was wondering if it was getting smaller or just further away because it covered a lot of ground in little time. The fluttering motion didn't make sense either because nothing I know could flutter so peacefully at such a rate of acceleration. 

If I was to force known physics onto this thing I would say it was a mylar balloon suddenly caught in a super strong wind pattern that swept it away. But the air was still that night. The tree tops were still. It was a warm, sunny summer day with a calm beautiful dusk.
