{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-22 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283226","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120214","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2592,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/226/mufon-5283226.json","updb_database_id":5283226}
This was a night i will never forget.

I was in my house and heard a helicopter hovering for over 20 minutes.i am a viet nam veteran and the sound of helicopters put my in a alert statis. So i go out my front door to see whats going on. As i look up and to my left i see a helicopter about 150 feet in the air. Very low over my house it is going in a elongated circle over and over. Below the helicopter towards the front ia a light about 3 feet in diameter. At first i think it is a search light. But there is no beam of light coming from it. Now i get scared. The helicopter looks like a modern verison of a chanook only much more advanced styling. Ihear a sound of the engine but its muffled. Then ican hear the vibrated movement of the air as with most helicopters. I then realize the light is pulsating like a strob light. I look down because my neck is getting sore. When i look up again i notice the clouds are very, very low and intermittent and it is a quiet night and calm. Isee a ship float across the sky about the same speed as the helicopter in a very slow motion for such a big ship. The shape is triangleure and is black in color. At the rear are 4 circular lights or engine exhausts. I can't tell which. There is absolutely no sound. Now i am really scsred. Within a couple of seconds i see a second ship going in the same direction north by northwest. . Scared i go back inmy house. It was then i realize the helicopter wasn't looking for something it was sendind a signal for those ships to home in on. Idecide to call my neighbor and tell her and to be careful. I also call my wife and tell her. We live apart. Then i call my son. Telling them all to be careful. I make sure my weapons are handy just in case they are needed. I tried to notify mufon but am so nervous nothing works right. So now i finally get through. Hope this can be of help in your research. Ihave another story from years ago of another incident where i was so frightened i called the sac air base in duluth mn.
