{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-21 09:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530226","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25257","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2670,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/226/mufon-5530226.json","updb_database_id":5530226}
A small star or satellite

My name is *(Wit's name deleted--SGonzalez/CMS). I was camping last weekend with my wife, daughter, and a family that we know well. We were out a bit west of Lake George.

While we were hanging around the campfire, I took to looking at the sky. I love looking at stars and like to see if I can see satellites and other phenomena. I also have trained my eyes to cue in on movement due to many years hunting experience.

So, I was looking up at the sky while we were all talking and I saw a very small star apparently move.

However, it was not an airplane, (I saw several while we were there) and it was not a satellite, as I have seen many of those as well.

This star was moving back and forth, up and down, diagonally, slow and fast. The funny thing was it stayed in a fairly well defined area.

As I looked up, the area of movement would be similar to holding up a tennis ball at arm's length. Within this area, this star moved erratically, and was not predictable.

For a while no one else could see what I was pointing out, but my wife and the mother of the other family finally saw what I was seeing.

They also said they could see this star move back and forth, up and down, fast and slow, etc.
I was open to the possibility that it was an optical illusion, but that was the only star moving in such a way in the entire sky. I was also open to the possibility of it being the clouds moving but the clouds moved on and the star stayed in the same relative position for almost two hours. All the other stars slowly orbited, but this stayed in the same area. 

I don't know if anyone else has seen such a thing, or if anyone else reported seeing something unusual on Saturday, August 21st, 2010.

I just wanted to know if you have heard of anything like this.

I pride myself in being observant, and an amateur astronomer. I am very interested in space and astronomy, and love to look at stars. Also know that I was a data analyst, and am able to observe things.

I would be interested in your opinion.

Thank you very much,
