{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-08-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489226","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70402","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3516,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/226/mufon-5489226.json","updb_database_id":5489226}
{nd} on a farm and standing outside and saw bright light coming from the south. It came directly over the house just scimming the top of the house. No sound, no appenent windows, moved very slowly. We jumped into vehicle to follow it but it was gone.

My husband, I and my 2 children were out in the country at my in-laws farm between Athol and Kensington Kansas about 2 miles south of highway 36. My 2 children were about 5 and 6 years old at the time.  We were coming out of the house facing south and saw a very bright light coming from the south not very high in the sky. It skimmed over the people's house that lived across the road but they were an elderly couple and I'm sure they were probably in bed at the time. I did not ask them about it either.  I'm guessing at the time and date of this incident because I did not write anything down about it. The UFO came right directly for us and we stood and watched as it moved over us very slowly. This round object had lights around the middle. I'm not sure what the diameter was but I'm guessing about 28 feet. It just skimmed the top of the house just missing the tv antenna so it was very close to us.  It did not make a whisper of a sound and the dog did not appear to see it or hear it as he did not move. We were all in awe and said nothing until it was behind the house and out of sight. My husband, kids and I jumped into our vehicle and drove quickly around the house and up the dirt round behind the house. The object was gone, just poof - like it was never there.  We never did talk about it and I don't even remember why. I suppose back then we thought people would think we were crazy and of course back then the video cameras and phones were not anything that people had and no one carried a camera around with them all the time. We did not even talk about it between ourselves that I remember but I know I had told my parents. I watch the history channel with the UFO sightings and this is when it all came back to me.  I ask my oldest child if she remembered and she did not.  My husband and I are divorced and have been since 1985 so I of course do not ask him. In 1978 my in-laws moved to the town of Kensington and we moved to the farm. I was never afraid to be there alone.  My family always liked to lay out in lawn chairs at night in the yard to watch the stars and watch for UFO's but we never did see anything ever again. To this day I believe what we saw was an alien craft and after hearing people talk about their experiences I realize that mine is so similar in the fact that maybe the aliens did something to ensure that we did not talk about it nor were we afraid. My in-laws and my parents are all deceased now. I guess unless my ex-husband remembers I'm the only one that remembers that incident.  My husband still lives on that farm. His name is [Item Moved/CMS/nd] and is about 65 years old. His wife's name is [Item Moved/CMS/nd].  I'm 62.
