{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-11 20:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507226","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51485","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2813,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/226/mufon-5507226.json","updb_database_id":5507226}
{cak} thick triangle, black top black triangle bottom, with golden glowing metalic sides that were grooved

Mother and I both saw this as it flew over a field on south salem road.We first noticed it while heading east on York lane off to the north or to the skies on our left. As it was at this point was just a spot light floating in the sky and appeared to be slowly turning east as it was facing south at first sight. I DO NOT put much stock in lights in the sky so I wrote it off as a helicopter using a spotlight. Then we turned north off York lane onto south Salem. When we passed a red brick house on the left . I saw a triangle shaped craft between 50 and 75 feet off the ground.At first glance I could not make sense of what I was looking at. Then it looked to change shape,a second later as we were at this point directly under it. I screamed at mother to stop the car so I could get I-phone footage of it. But she was terrified and looked at it once but refused to take a second look. And even sped up to avoid it. I stuck my head out the window and watched it roll upward with no forward momentum. Then it stopped and I could see it plain as day as there was a 3/4 moon directly behind it. There were a line of cars behind us. So someone else  
had to have seen it. I can only hope others saw it and will report what they saw to provide validity to what we witnessed. Last I saw of it it was heading toward the west on a path that I am certain would have taken it directly over
Novella Arkansas which is on the west side of the river www of our position at that time. I believe I lost some time. Please note the craft moved off at a slow steady rate of approximately 20 Mph. Until it was just a light in the distance. I pleaded with mother to chase after it. Its behaviour made me feel they were looking for a secluded place to land perhaps for repairs.I would like someone to go with me to try and find a landing spot somewhere close to the river as they often land near large water sources and I think I know exactly where they put down at. All mufon investigators please contact me so we can set up an expedient expedition asap. I am a skilled artist and would be happy to draw up exactly what I and mother saw.
