{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-02-28 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289226","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114132","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":20561,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/226/mufon-5289226.json","updb_database_id":5289226}
3 greys aliens 3.5ft tall and 1 insect tall look like a praying mantis

I have to give some background to this there are supporting events I wish to put forward. After the alien visitation, aspects of past events have come into focus, I give this insight so that perhaps someone may have experience the same thing which could give some idea as to what is going on here, so here goes. I am recapping on events that I reported to MUFON some years ago but if you look at my statement you will see that my statement has remain the same.

1999

I have reported this event some years ago to MUFON. I lived in London 1999 my head editor of the magazine witnessed the UFO we watched it for about 15 mins outside whilst on a smoke break after I spotted the thing, my fellow witness refused to talk about it, we both were working for an international car magazine, I the art director, he the head editor, I mention this as Simon is a petrol head an knows everything about everything mechanical he said it could be a weather balloon, clearly an impossibility. The UFO was at least twice the size of a double decker bus and moved at insane speeds from one end of the horizon to the other almost instantly. Now I did not personally consider this to be aliens etc. but tech that we just don't know about, that was my feeling my complete report was submitted to MUFON, complete detailed description, dull grey metallic orb, that was spinning and appeared to have what looked like molten metal dripping off it and had odd distortion around it, utterly silent too. Now the witness is called Simon Duval Smith he may have reported also to you but I doubt it very much it really freaked him out and got unusually angry when I pushed him to recognise it was not a balloon and that was an absurd conclusion to come to, we never talked about it again.

If you need to find that report I submitted just look for my name Marcus Smyth, I was working for Automotive Sourcing at the time of that event.

2016

Moving forward, to the last event which was about winter 2016 approx. I was outside trying to take photos of the night sky on a long exposure I had a belt full of batteries and every time I loaded the camera the batteries would run flat, in a matter of seconds, I work in media so all my kit was working perfectly and all my batteries were charged, I had about ten batteries that I went through so I could take the long exposure I gave up due to the batteries just draining but did get a few pictures when I looked at them they were odd! You could see the moon clearly but there was a huge light above me at about 45 degrees from myself and out front of me, as the camera was set to take multiple photos on time lapse you could see this light source move off into the distance, as the pictures showed, It just look like huge light no real shape, not a ship, not a grey orb just a huge flaring light which made no sense and I did not see it with my naked eye this only revealed itself in the photos, I posted on FB at the time and have since deleted that account but frankly odd as it is, it was just a super bright light in the sky about 30ft in size and 120ft up. However I did supply those photos when I submitted my initial report about this event so you guys should have them.

I think it was the following night I awoke to three 3.5ft grey beings that were completely unconcerned by me and seem fascinated by an array of dslr canon cameras on tripods, at first I thought it was children which made no sense at all as there are no kids in the house secondly I was not frightened at all or even surprise that too was odd, in fact I knew them and I knew them well, I asked them what they were doing here almost as if they were blowing my cover! Like what the hell are these guys doing turning up. I seemed to have an immediate ability to communicate telepathically and know exactly what they were doing and thinking. When they were looking at the camera in unison one of them examined the body of the camera, the other the lenses and lastly the memory cards. They were able to in a unconscious reflect action, sharing information with each other like the way we use both hands to manipulate an object without thinking and in complete coordination that was the way they worked and I somehow I shared this examination of the cameras, right down to the nuts and bolts of the thing, a complete schematic was revealed in seconds, which I could see in my mind like an overlay, that’s why I knew they worked as one unit openly sharing information, now here is the million dollar part! I have given this some thought over the years but as this event started to take place I was in bed asleep, it was not a dream nor a lucid dream, I know what those are this started with a buzz, a vibration, audible and loud sound like the tuning of a radio dial. 

This were I have to detract and give some outside insight here, I am not religious at all, I don’t go to church and I didn’t believe in aliens at the time my Grandmother died 1993 apox, she never left the UK and I was working as a designer in Barcelona my Grandmother died that night and visited me she looked the youngest version I could remember of her when I was a child, she was young and look incredible, not old or at all dead but very much physical and alive, she even poked me her finger to force me to wake up. Next day early morning I got a visit to tell me I was to head home to Scotland for her funeral they asked me do you know why we here, I told them yes my grandmother died last night an visited me (I had no idea she was in hospital but called that very day after being in Spain for months just to check up how everything my twin did tell me anything was wrong with here, just everything was fine. When she appeared to me she was also with someone whom was off in the half light, I noticed him due to his impatience to get going this was just an opportunity for her to say goodbye. Now my grandmother was not at all religious and asked by my friend were is heaven she pointed and said Valhalla is right there and that was were she was going when she died, that indicates clearly that her belief system was not the conventional.

I mention the above as it explains why I did what I did and why it has significance to the encounter with the aliens. I heard that there was a plant called the “vine of the dead” or “vine of the soul” aka “Ayahuasca” slow acting or “DMT” fast acting you can take this and travel to the afterlife and meet your dead relatives or god. I had to know, is there an afterlife and how did my Grandmother visit me when she was clearly dead. When taking DMT, the same buzzing, the same effect, exactly like the initial moments when I first saw the aliens so I had a point of reference, one of your investigator called me about this episode I didn’t tell him that the past DMT event but had a similar jumping off point as my one time DMT experience some years previous. I have never take LSD, mushrooms and I don’t drink so I am not immersed in a drug culture, the reason for taking DMT was due to my Grandmother’s midnight visitation and a burning need to know. I think the reason these encounters often take place when people are asleep is your easily brought into that higher vibration, I just woke during this event and the event felt mundane, routine process that they were going through so routine that the three little guys were amusing themselves with the cameras, that’s until I I woke up! Now I do martial arts and can handle myself no problem at all, my normal reaction to someone in my room that I did not know would be to assault them vigorously, this did not happen, it was as if I was some else like this guy that I am is just act, a really good act! And really I or we are something altogether, I don’t think I am unique here, this diffidently was routine procedure.  

The three beings were semi transparent not full semi but about 80% solid and they floated too once I reached the same higher frequency they were on they became 100% solid (also the buzzing noise had completely stopped an now I was in complete sync with them, now this all happened very fast indeed from waking to seeing their translucent appearance only lasted momentarily, then I communicated with them and had the shared experience of what they were doing just at that moment the insect, praying mantis being, his face literally appeared in front of me, he must have been right above me as my bed backed onto the wall like most beds so he had to be directly behind me high up on the wall anyway his head swivelled round in front of my face almost nose to nose his face had sharp bone structure like a crocodile with the skin pulled over the frame of his face, the rest of the body looked humanoid he had three long fingers, he stared into my eye and immediately I started to lose consciousness, now I am terrified of cockroaches and I should have been freaking out about all of this but they had subdued me somehow and when he stared directly into my eye his eyes were a soft honey brown eyes that had a hypnotic effect I strongly resisted this attempt to knock me out he instantly moved, it was like skipping almost strobe like the way he moved like an insect, like the way a fly can appear there and then here in a flash that is how he moved in a staggered immediate movement, he as now directly at my bedside about just over 6ft tall slim no cloths but they were all wearing something, it was like a second skin outfit with no apparent zips or anything it blended with their skin tone that my best description (I studied fashion and design) and it gave the appearance that they had no cloths on but they did, that’s when I noticed his fingers, he has three long fingers at least three times the length of a normal finger and not uniform not like ours but the tips were larger, rounded, bulbous no less, he held my left arm very gently I hold barley feel his touch, his skin was neither warm or cold just ambient in temperature and slightly tough looking like an elephant all cracky and with lines just like an elephant, as I sat up in the bed I asked him what he was doing he replied “we are here to help you” super vague, (no verbal communication all telepathic, like an unconscious ability we all have which is just not the case! We know that it takes years to learn to speak when growing up but here I suddenly develop a flawless ability to communicate, back to the doctor I wasn’t get anything out of him so I directed my questions to the three little grey aliens I asked them 

Me: “how did you get here?”

Grey: “Spaceship” 

Me: “Well, lets see it!”

Now the praying mantis he was like the doctor but the three little greys were clearly in charge however neither the doctor or the greys seemed to want to talk to me or each other at all but did so because I asked them, they were never going to volunteer any information. They just wanted to knock me out and who knows what, the doctor was giving me some sort of injection to put me out, a long chrome metal cylindrical shape like a cigar holder about six inches long with a blue sparkling light substance that was being injected into me but without lowering in level the blue liquid remained at the same level throughout, there was no pin prick or discomfort in fact it felt like some sort of fast acting narcotic, it felt wonderful so much so that I said to him.

“That feel great, keep that coming!”

I lost consciousness next thing I knew I was standing out in my garden, everything, did not seem right, I looked at the trees, nothing moved, there was no wind, no breeze everything was still, I found myself looking at the UFO about tree height it was about 30ft wide, a perfect ball, very unimpressive, in fact, dull matt mud back on the bottom and the top half was an equally dull muddy red, it did have little lights surrounding the craft on the lower section but they were incredible dim. You could not hide your thoughts or feelings and neither could they. My distaste for there ship was obvious, I took one look at it and said.

Me: “That’s not even aerodynamic!” 

Grey alien: “It does not have to be it is interdimensional!”

Me: “That makes sense but it looks like a Hennery Hoover!”

Now the doctor and three greys all stood together however the three greys were grouped closer together and the doctor alien was sort of on his own he clearly was not part of lets say the executive branch he was just there to act as a doctor. They stood in a line facing me but at quite a distance away, that surprised me! They did not want me to come close to them, they wanted me a what appeared a safe distance, anyway the aliens do not know everything, they are not all knowing the minute I made the comparison to the “Hennery Hoover” the praying mantis doctor pulled the image of just that out of my head, like a filing cabinet, he had complete access to my mind so he pulled out the image of just that the “Hennery Hover” this was presented in front of me like a wall, a divide between me and them as they all look at what I made the comparison to. I did not expect this to happen but it did and I laughed right at the doctor’s face and looked at the three greys, I mean, it was funny! Not only did they all get to see what I was referencing in brilliant 8k definition but that brand of hoover has a very comical face on it, they made that hoover look like it has a face, now they know what it look like but also what it did, hoover up dirt! I had compared their ship to a dirt sucking boring and comical looking hoover, there is no subtlety here, your thoughts and feelings are an open book. The three little greys shared the joke and looked at the doctor and then back a me but they had no facial movements that indicated that they found it funny but I felt it, I felt what they were feeling they reflected my humour, I get the feeling they don’t crack jokes with each other but what do I know, it was an odd moment, I believe “good manners cost nothing” I would never intentionally insult someone so openly as I did that night but you are an open book.

That’s were the event ended but not quite. I spoke to my dad about what had happened, this happened in his house, I was living their temporarily after my house got sold. My father is a solicitor advocate and does not have flights of fancy in fact he can not stand Sci-Fi at all he told me that when he was a young man courting my mother he saw a large black triangle float over him and his friends it blocked out the night sky and was massive. I started to wonder and started to remember the past when light would appear in the sky resembling the northern lights but more beams of light of multiple colours beaming down this happen twice once with all my family members in St. Andrews, the next day we were all very ill, sweating profusely nobody could understand what had happened to use and years later my friend and I walking of from our golf course had the same thing with the lights but this time missing time, hours in fact, a journey that should have taken 20 mins top took hours and we both could not believe the time that had passed. I knew nothing about aliens, missing time, none of that was know to me or anyone at that time. Also during my life especially as a child right though to adulthood I would sleep walk take all my cloths off and go for a walk and be found a mile from my house by my mother this happened a lot, I would wake up the next day with mud or grass on my feet clearly I had been out and about. I mention this because the room I was staying I had a bolt put on the door by my request so to prevent this sort of thing happening, I was 44 years old at the time of the visitation and I am 50 years old now, I was locked, bolted in that room and there was no way in and no way out, the door remained bolted when I woke in the morning after the visitation. I have the feeling that I was not out in my garden at all, it felt artificial, the trees, the leaves everything was still, it is never like that where my father lives, never! It felt like a hologram a very realistic hologram, it was not my garden and I had no grass or anything on my feet I checked! I think I was on their ship, being made to believe I was outside, it felt very very real but fake at the same time which might explain why they were a good 50ft – 70ft away from me, I know that discredits my story somewhat but that is what it felt like and they seem compelled to do as I asked, they never agreed to show me their ship they just did it before they left, they did not have to, so why? Even though there is a sense that they can manipulate time or the environment it appears that there is a definite time constraint to these events, similar to DMT maximum of 15mins and then you have to come back, it’s like clock work but you think you’ve been away for a hell of a lot longer perhaps the same rules apply here, they really could have done without my enquires and just wanted to get on with what they had to do, again routine procedure but with the clock ticking! I have watched the Ancient Aliens program trying to get answers to this and then the RH negative thing is explored that’s why I thought it worth mentioning, perhaps there is a relevance also I was the only guy in my school which had hundreds attended that place that did not require immunisation.

My mother an I shared (I hate talking about this more than the alien thing) psyche ability at times and I been know to tell you exactly were something is that you lost or any host of other things I can not call on it it just happens and that’s odd, secondly my family are originally from Ireland, I am second generation Scottish and have Rh-Negative blood type, incredibly empathic, now does this mean anything, I don’t know but perhaps other people will give their statements of what they have seen and maybe we will be closer to working out what this is, the aliens, don’t want to be seen, they don’t want to talk to you, it feels like a program that is being run and I am one of the subjects. They lacked imagination regards the design of their craft, if you gave them a sports car they would paint it mud brown, odd! Very odd! Functionality is all that matters, design, creative spark is a human affair they just don’t have it, there is a mechanical aspect to them they lack physical cues that we poses, they appear drone like they look exactly the same no difference, they work as a unit, they share consciousness and they appear utterly indifferent to use like they are drones, albeit very sophicated drones. Oh there was one other thing, the ship, the ship was alive, it was conscious and when they were in the room with me a little girl appeared and seem to be just observe me, I knew it was not a little girl it was the ship itself monitoring me! I know? But it was like I could see through their tricks so the little girl disappeared because it just didn’t belong plus she was wearing cloths form the wrong centaury for start! 

That’s my statement if this can in anyway help someone else or give some more info that explains what is going on here then great, I’d love to know, even though this happened to me, I still don’t believe in aliens and ufo with aliens in them but it happened none the less and it bothers me, I will say this my experience when conscious was not frightening or threatening it was a very mundane event nothing exciting took place, the spaceship was incredibly bland and dull, they were not very talkative or willing to communicate, completely bizarre event. Lastly I might get regression hypnosis I don’t know how I would go about that or who I would contact, I have heard I can turn a bland event into terrible traumatic event once the memories are unlock so I don’t know if I will go down that road but might “ignorance is bliss” as they say.
