{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-11 07:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504226","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54670","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2742,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/226/mufon-5504226.json","updb_database_id":5504226}
{cak} Slow moving shiny sphere 200 ft. off ground moves across sky

I was meditating in the morning at exactly 7:30 a.m. while looking out my bedroom window, which is on the 8th floor of a large apartment building, looking north when I saw it. Gradually, moving straight from left to right a reflective object, resembling a large weather balloon, only with a smoother surface and more apparent mass, slowly came into my vision. It was sphere-like, reflective, with an undulating surface. It was moving at what would seem to be about 10-20 mph, at a very even pace. It did not move up or down or change speed at all. In a perfectly level line, it progressed from northwest to southeast, about half a mile away from me. I followed it out onto my balcony to get a better look. From my vantage point, it was easy to tell how high it was--about 200 ft. off of the ground. So far I had watched it move several hundred feet laterally across the sky in a very smooth progression, for about a minute. I ran inside to grab some binoculars so I could get a closer look. When I focused them on the object, it had a very bizarre appearance. It didn't look spherical anymore, rather it had the appearance of a stick and ball model of a water molecule from high school chemistry class. It had spherical sections of larger volume, connected with a kind of cylindrical scaffolding. The object was changing shape, but due to it's position in front of the sun, I could not tell if that was due to a rotation of the object, or if it was reconfiguring itself. After about 15 seconds of close up observation with the binoculars, the objected disappeared around the corner of my building. I was a little stunned by what I had seen, and didn't go downstairs and outside to try to chase it. 

I was expecting it to initially be either a helicopter, a balloon, multiple helium balloons tied together, or some kind of drone. It definitely did not have any rotors, and it moved too evenly without elevation change to be balloons. My closer inspection with the binoculars showed me that it had no wings, rather this odd stick and ball shape. It was definitely moving as if controlled.
