{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-12-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479226","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80876","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3101,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/226/mufon-5479226.json","updb_database_id":5479226}
{nd} Black cigar shaped ufo hovering slowly with two bright white lights, no wings, no blades, then disappeared.

This sighting took place in Kutztown Pennsylvania. Its a small rural town surrounded mostly by farms. My family and I are moving to a new residence, so yesterday I was following closely behind my father in my car to make sure nothing fell out of his truck, driving on backroads. Right as we were leaving town, I noticed in the distance what looked like a plane coming in for a landing. It was in front of me to my right. It was dusk so there was still some light in the sky. I then looked harder and saw that this object was much closer and lower than that and it appeared to be either hovering or moving incredibly slowly. Now noticing that this was strange, at the next stop sign, the lights were behind a tree...which I used to gauge if it was moving and how fast. It appeared to be moving very slowly to the right, maybe 5 miles an hour. As I was getting closer to it I slowed down and kept watching it. The closer I got was the closer i realized this object was. It was at a height of about two tall trees on top of each other, more or less. I then began to notice the shape. It sort of looked like a stubbier telephone pole, or cigar shape. As I said, there was still a little light out, so I could clearly make out the shape and color of the craft between the two lights. It was jet black, no wings, no blades, no holes, no windows. Nothing. And i rolled down my window to listen but it didnt make any noticeable sound. Just looked like a black metal tube with a bright white light on each end. I drove right by it so I got to see it at all angles and this was definitely its shape. At one point I was almost right underneath it, to the left of it a little bit. I could see it pretty clear as day, and this was without a doubt abnormal. I kept watching it after I passed it, glancing back and using my mirrors, and one glance it was there, the next glance it was just gone. There was nothing to block it from my view. I had only looked away for about 2 seconds before it disappeared. I would have stopped to get a video but I couldn't, as I was following my father. Had I gotten the video, it would have been very good because it was still a little light out and it was really close. When we made it to our destination I had asked him if he saw anything and he confirmed that he saw it and that he had no idea what it could have been. The whole sighting was probably about 2 to 3 minutes.
