{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-22 07:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492226","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67323","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3717,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/226/mufon-5492226.json","updb_database_id":5492226}
{jpg} it was like something ive never experienced

this actually started last winter right before the winter solstice when strange things started to happen for instance i was watching tv it was 3oclock in the morning when out of no where something grabbed me by the heart and locked it up completely for about 10 seconds totally paralized when it released my wife said do you see that and i said yes it just grabbed me by the heart and it just stood there and looked at usfor about a minute then walked away the same thing happened the next night so i told it to show his self to me and i closed my eyes and then it revealed itself to me and i did not no what it was until a week later when i was scrolling on you tube and there it was the same thing that was in my house a reptilian looking humanoid so things like this kept on happening. it got to the point me and my wife got on our knees one night crying our eyes out and asked the lord to come into our hearts and save us becasuse it was becoming so terrifying we did not no what else to do. and we had our kids do the same all 3 of my kids have seen it and they were scared too. shortly after that it stopped, for six months untill june 22 the day after the summer solstice, and has happened everyday since then ive got plenty of pics of this in my house outside all around everyday. i know this sounds crazy and everybody else thinks we are but i know we are not crazy what we are is scared to death, i even had one speak to me the other night they went in my kids room so i got up to see what was going on and again it locked me up and a womans voice told me to mind my own bussiness and stay on my face chat which i was doing before they came. i know there doing things to us while we are sleeping because i saw it doing something to my wife one night and tried to stop it but everytime i try it grabs me by the heart and i feel like im going to have a heart attack. now i have been doing extensive research on this and have came up with alot i would like to discuss with someone or just come out here and i will show you for youreself, because this is going on everyday of the week. there all around here. look you guys are the only ones that might even believe me about this i really dont expect you too but im sending a couple of pics to you and you decide for youreself, and ive got plenty more you can see if you do believe me, i had video too but one night when they came in they sprayed a mist at me and it knocked me right out when i woke up the videos were erased so ive been taking pics since. thank you.
