{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-10-20 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547946","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"13396","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3639,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/946/mufon-5547946.json","updb_database_id":5547946}
3 bright red lights - no shimmer - same area

I have kidney stones,so often at night,I just pee out by my tree. I always look at sky at night,if only to see how clear or cloudy it is. I see planets ( whith lights that don't shimmer ) all the time and lately the last few months two in sky at different points. So,one night I look up towards the top of the hill I live on and seen three bright red lights in same area in sort of triangular formation and thougth they were planets. Not the first time. Then I thought to myself , how can three planets be in same location,what are the odds of that? I don,t know why ,as a PARANORMAL/UFO inthusiast , I did not think this was a UFO sighting , as I got an ominous feeling ( not first time for that either ) right away. It did not appear to have any movement and was too distant to tell if there were stars in between lights.thius was appx. 10 P.M. on Oct. 20 , 2008. I have seen a few strange things in my time , and have feelings of being watched ,since I was a kid , but almost always in the town I live in , but no real evidence of visitation , although , I would not rule that out. I can hardly believe that I did not record this event in some manner, as I just wanted to ignore my spooky feelings and not be scared. I admit that I often get spooked at night while watching UFO activities on T.V. or on Internet.I also don,t believe that it took me a week to realize this as I watched a UFO story ( the triangular lights of 2004 story ) on The History Channel wed. the 29th of october , 2008.I do remember that I seen this at another time , can,t give exact date , but think it was in september,2008,only in the exactpolar opposit in the sky,over hill,towards greensburg. I would judge by the size and distance that this was a locally situated phenominom, as usally I can only see a smaller area of sky,through the mountain clouds in a circular area.But,it was an unusually clear night. Is it possible for there to be three planets in same area? The lights were DIFFINTLY RED in color and planet-like in size and brightness.I have always believed in UFOs being real,weather or not extra-terestrial or not ,but this night I just didn't want to believe because of the ominous feeling I got when I realized that how can three planets be in that close of formation and I ran inside and locked my doors and windows.Also from time-to-time , I get a sharp pain in my left elbow and can feel something under surface of skin , although I was told that there was nothing there by doctors and have lost time and awakened in slightly diferent areas of wherever I was at the time.but not days just a few minutes or hours. Also, I live about 10 miles or so from site of KECKSBURG crash and have had others tell me they seen things that they couldn't explain. Why is there not people camped out in Whitle Strieblers back yard to see if he is really being visited/abducted,? Was he proven a fake? I'd like an update on that please. Also,what's up with Bob Lazar? Wheres he been?And what's new in the CORSCO case?
