{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-19 08:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488946","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70689","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4352,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/946/mufon-5488946.json","updb_database_id":5488946}
{rjl} We saw a hovering object in the sky for two days straight.

I was replacing the metal roof on my cousins cabin at Diamond Lake. About a mile high in elevation. We notice jets are more vivid and brighter looking, we are climbing ladders to a 10-12 roof pitch, climbing to the south east horizon. We notice a big jet liner with 4 engines, more impressive than the 2 engine trails we see. As this big jet passes over us maybe 30,000 feet or so, we notice a star like light along side its jet trail, the ufo was already there, we did not notice it until the jet brought our eye to it. The jet passed on the trail drifted north, the ufo stayed put. It appeared to be higher in elevation than the jet liners flying over head. It appears to be a star to the naked eye, only in broad daylight. I take a few pics with my cell phone. Cant see much, but a neighbor, driving by stops to say hi and encourage our progress on the roof. I'm working with my cousin Joe, not the owner of the cabin but another cousin. The owner is on a material run to town. Back to the ufo..we tell the neighbor, a prominent logging company owner in southern Oregon, "hey we think we may have a ufo here". He pops out of his truck and observes the light in the sky after following a point of the finger. I ask if he has binocs or a good digital camera. He has binoculars, he quickly grabs them and sights in the object. We wait,,he looks surprised, says, "No idea what that could be" hands me the glasses. I sight in and am in total awe, everything I ever thought a ufo would look like and more, much much more. The object stayed for hours, slowly crossing the se horizon until the sun moved enough later in the day we lost it or it moved. When my other cousin got back from town we had own pair of binoculars we used through out the day to observe the object. At least six sane, sober, well known members, business owners of our community observed this event. The object changed shapes either by rotation or some other technology, emitting steam or smoke at times, cone shaped type emissions, at times we could definite disc shaped craft, others orb,and still yet others, it seemed to rotate and we could see structure with more rectangular like arms or fuselages, it almost appeared to be tumbling and changing shapes yet in a constant hover. Emitting a rainbow of lights as it changed or the lights came into view as it rotated. The last time i observed it the first day, it appeared to have settled down, and was a perfect metallic like sphere. Clearly visible was a shadow and reflection of a perfect shiny ball. Sighting continued the next morning as I got up about 5 am, made coffee and stepped out to see the stars. In the same direction but a little more north on the horizon I noticed an extra bright star. As the sun rose and the light came and the stars faded away, this light remained in the sky. It did not really surprise me at this point. I was in fact happy it was still here. In the morning light it was more vivid than the day before since we did not notice it until around 8 am. The object continued on its se treck slowly across the horizon, glowing tumbling, changing shapes, we could stop at any time in the day and find it in the sky and observe it with the glasses, it was absolutely incredible. If u have photo enhancing equip I will be happy to share images personally. A few vids but my phone is not the best, I can clearly see the object looking at my phone pic on my phone, appears to almost reflect against the screen of my phone like a 3d sticker its very odd. I would feel confident in saying this morning now on the same horizon, the object sits, as it was yesterday afternoon the last time I observed it before coming of the mountain and back to town.
