{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-10-31 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496946","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62432","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2421,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/946/mufon-5496946.json","updb_database_id":5496946}
Up late reading when I noticed the above fly straight past my window 3 times. then hovered above my house. strange triangular cloud there too.

At 1:30am I was up late reading at my desk. The window of my then bedroom overlooked the back garden and I often had the window open even in winter. This was to have a cool breeze so I didnt fall asleep..on the night my window also happened to open.. I was sitting reading when all of a sudden I had this strange feeling that something was going to happen at which point as I glanced up a very bright UFO, appeared from behind my neighbours house.it flew between the houses that back onto mine 3 times each time it lit up very brightly. At this point i closed the window and the cutains and essentially hid for a 2 or 3 minutes. when I looked out from behind my curtain it was hovering above the hose next door to me and sort of blinking brightly before dimming and so on.I also noticed a red coloured tinge on the underside of it at this point. this was the last time i saw it. Interestingly, on this day I remember it well as I was on my way home I bumped into my mother and her husband on the way and she had complained I was wearing the wrong clothes as this day was quite mild and warm and i had on a boots coat ad so onand she told me to get changed. after this as I approached the front of the house I for some reason looked up and right away noticed a strange triangular cloud above the roof of the house. Literally scraping the roof but actually there were hardly any other clouds around at the time. i thought this odd but thought no more of it. I am sorry to see i do not have any media of any nature to confirm my case but that I do seem to remember that there reports a short after in the local press that flying saucers had been seen in sheffield. But I have never seen this reports.
