{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-31 19:36:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473946","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86399","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2619,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/946/mufon-5473946.json","updb_database_id":5473946}
{jpg} My son and I saw a glowing, disc-shaped object, travelling at a casual pace.

My son and I were driving to visit my wife, who is in a residential care facility on the east side of town. We were driving in a northeasterly direction on Laurel Ln., approaching Augusta St. when my son said; "what is that?" I looked up expecting to see something odd, but something I'd be able to give him an explanation for. What I saw took me by surprise. At about 301 altitude from my position there at the stop sign, and directly above the ridgeline of the coastal mountain range we were facing, was a disc-shaped glowing white object, that was slowly following the ridgeling of the mountains. I would estimate that it was approximately a mile away from us, and somewhere around 500 ft. in altitude as it was under the few scattered clouds that were present from the moonsonal system aproaching from the south, and perhaps traveling at 50-70 mph.

I was so awestruck that I stayed at the stop sign observing it until there was a car behind me and I had to turn, so I turned out of the way and put my emergency flashers on so I could continue to observe it. I kept my eyes on it until I had more cars behind me, so I continued down Augusta St. until I found a safe spot to pull over, and then I got out and crossed the street so I could continue to watch the object. I was able to spot it again, as it was staying above the ridgeline, however it soon was lost to the distance.

During my whole observation of the object, it never exhibited any other charachteristics, just the fact that it was glowing, had none of the required navigational lights (no red and green lights, no white strobe, no white headlight, no white tailight), did not have wings or a tail, did not appear to be a balloon or derigible, and was not an RC drone. It was clearly a disc-shaped object, as witnessed by both myself, and my son.

I can't say what it was, but I can say what it wasn't. It was definitely one of the strangest things I've ever seen.
