{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-03-03 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504946","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53931","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2382,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/946/mufon-5504946.json","updb_database_id":5504946}
{nd} hovering object seen in field

This was told to me by my mother many years ago and I asked her to re-tell me recently so I could document it. I have always been fascinated by ufo's. This happened when I was 3 years old in 1974 in a very rural area in Mississippi. We now live about 30 minutes from there. At the time we lived on a gravel road in the country near my grandparents. Like I said, I was 3, my brother was 4 and my sister a newborn. It was around 6oclock in the evening in March. From the kitchen window you could see across the dirt road into a field that had no trees. My mother went to the kitchen sink to warm a bottle for my sister. She glanced out the window and seen a huge object hovering in the field. She said it never touched the ground but set silently hovering for about 20 minutes. She said it was pulsating a pinkish light all over. She kept saying that is was huge and it was nothing like she had ever seen. She went out onto the porch to get a better look at it. Me and my brother followed her and she sent my brother next door to get my grandparents. They came over and stood on the porch with my mother watching this thing. It never moved other that pulsating this light. There were no windows that my mother or grandparents could see. She said that the object was bigger than a plane and never made any noise. She said they stood there just staring at it trying to figure out what it was. Finally, my mother said she had to feed my baby sister and my grandparents went home and we went in the house. She picked up my sister and went back to the kitchen window and it was gone, all in about 2 minutes that it took to get my sister picked up. She said nothing else ever happened and there was no missing time. She was to afraid to go across the road and look around.
