{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-29 23:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489946","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69657","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2695,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/946/mufon-5489946.json","updb_database_id":5489946}
{rjl} July 29th 2015 11:30 p.m. My mother in law and I were looking at the western sky at Jupiter.

July 29th 2015 11:30 p.m. My mother in law and I were looking at the western sky at a Jupiter alignment I think. We had a pair of binoculars. She noticed a bright light over the horizon in the north. Our attention quickly changed to that area where we watched the bright white light which was a little larger than what we would have expected a helicopter nearby and low in the sky to have looked like. But it made no sound and did not move like any craft I have ever seen. At one point, another large bright red non-blinking light appeared next to the white light. It was at least as large as the white light and they apppeared to touch each other. The red light disappeared. The white light stayed between two clumps of trees for 10 to 15 minutes moving forward a bit then stopping and starting. It was moving very slowly if at all then it moved more significantly as though it was going to disappear behind the trees. Suddenly it reversed direction and looked like it was going to leave the area going in the opposite direction. That's when I became very startled and knew for sure this was something very different. At that time it moved directly toward us. The light became bigger as it approached us. At that time I called my friend to report what we were seeing. It was two or three houses away from us at its closest distance but quite a bit higher than the rooftops. The light was about the size of a basketball according to my mother in law. Honestly I was a little too flustered to be able to remember the size of it by that time. I do remember it never made any sound. As it was passing by us my mother-in-law looked at it through binoculars. She said it had two rows of dull blue lights all evenly spaced. The craft turned sharply to the east and slightly north right in front of us and move very quickly out of sight. Any normal craft would have stayed in our sight for quite a while because we had an open sky with nothing to impede our view for a very long distance. But it was gone so fast!
