{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-07-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505946","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52878","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4250,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/946/mufon-5505946.json","updb_database_id":5505946}
{kt}I was abduted and experimented on

I was out running over 4th of July weekend at night in 29 Palms, CA at around 10pm. I saw a shooting star but it probably wasnt a shooting star. It was gold and only in the sky for about a few seconds. I ran for a few miles and was looking up in the sky cause I felt like I was being watched. I fell in a hole and got up and ran as fast as I could cause I was scared. I few days later on a Wedsday I was laying in my rack and felt this electrical vibration in my head. I proceeded to view this movie the alien prepared for me about the history of who they are. They first started as a swarm of bugs. they were purple and kind of glowed. they were doing an experiment. there was two platforms connected with a pulley and a rope. one bug pulled a stick onto one of the platforms and a bunch of the other bugs jumped off a cliff on to the other platform and raised the stick into the air. then the implied that a million years went by and they started genetically engineering themselves. they implied they made this one alien that was one of the most powerful but not the most powerful. the most powerful was white and "very old." this particular alien the alien communicating to me was talking about was short little and green with a dome shaped head. the little green guy realized that he could destroy the whole planet if he wanted to. he was taken off duty immediately because some aliens could observe his thoughts and wanted to question him. they put him on leave for "2 cycles" whatever that means. they did imply that their planet was 10 times the size of ours. but anyway the aliens society believed in this system of reincarnation where if you sacrificed in one life you were rewarded in the next. I guess the little green guy didn't see things that way cause the first thing he did when they put him back on duty was destroy the whole planet with super powerful bombs. than the video switched to an experiment they did on me. they showed me this movie filmed through the eyes of another alien. they had wires in my head and I still have the scars from the wires. he turned this knob all the way as far as it would go. the alien only had three fingers. then he turned this other knob and turned on the divise. I was strapped to this chair and was super pissed because of what the machine was doing to me. I could see my aura about six inches off my shoulder and it was red. then he looked back to the machine and turned a knob and looked back on me. I instantly started crying really hard and my aura was dark blue and the same size. he turned the knob one last time and I started laughing hysterically and you could see in my eyes I was scarred and this time my aura was gold. than it was over and the movie turned white. he sent me a picture of him sitting behind a switchboard like Homer Simpsons desk at the nuclear power plant. he wa purple and had no cloths on. he was tall and his head was huge. he himself must have been ten feet tall and his head was two and a half to three feet of that. you could see his veins through his skin. his head was like three plates slightly triangular. he had big black eyes. little holes for ears and no nose, just little hole for nostrils. and a little mouth. the vision was white for a few minutes and then I could smell my brain cooking. I was like "guys you gotta stop, guys your hurting me, you gotta stop" then it stopped and I went into outside and smoked a cigarette and was like that was the craziest $#!+ that ever happened to me in my entire life. I assumed it was just a crazy dream after a while until I stared seeing space ships later on in life.
