{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-04-17 21:41:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476946","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83241","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4111,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/946/mufon-5476946.json","updb_database_id":5476946}
I was waiting for the bus while taking to a friend when i noticed 3 lights in a triangle pattern over the mouth of the river exe. Took some video and pictures with my phone before the bus came and I left.

On april 17th at 9.41pm I was waiting for my bus to come in after my break, (I'm a bus driver) and was taking to my bestman about my upcoming wedding on the phone. I would normally be in our rest room but since the clock in the restroom was fast (about 7mins fast) I had gone out early to wait while still chatting to my friend.

While i was talking i was just kind of walking about near the leisure center, where my bus stops, when I looked randomly over in the direction of the river which is when i saw the three lights in a triangle pattern rotating on its axis and wobbling slightly.

I knew instantly that this is not normal and as I have been interested in the subject of ufos since I was about 10 I told my mate i'd ring him back and started filming the lights with my phone. Due to the street lights my camera was having a hard time focusing on the formation, so i moved closer to the river to get a better view, (in some haste since I still had to drive a bus which was going to be there at any moment) I filmed a 2min40sec odd vid, then whatsapp-ed my friend to tell him and see if he could see it over vid-call. (which he couldnt as it wouldnt let me zoom in)
I then took about 7 photos in quick order and then another 41second vid to send my mate over whatsapp.
It's at this point I really had to go back to the bus stop to get my bus and as I walked over 4 ppl got out of a car in the car park and I pointed out the lights to them also (to which they showed a bit of interest but not much)

It was then my bus got there at 10.02pm and I showed the lights to my co-worker who tried to think of any reason they might be something other than a ufo, (drone, laser pointers etc) he went to cashin and finish and i had to drive as i was now 7 mins late lol

I drove to the turn around point and back in est 8 mins and the lights were gone by the time I got back down to town, (and could not see them on the way down as i had a good view over the area due to the road i was driving)

During the event I felt elation and joy, (the only way I can describe it was the feeling MDNA/ectasy gives you. it's been years since i had any but i'll never forget the feeling of pure joy. It felt exactly like that, massive endorfin rush) I was bouncing around like an excited child :P

In total I talked to about 10 people who saw what I did, with one old gentelman who got on my bus who thought he'd just drunk to much.

The morning after I looked more carefully at the photos i had taken, and in one there are shapes inside the lights with two out of the three most visible and identical to the other. (image 5, had to zoom in to the image and then take a photo of it because the only imaging software i have can only brighten which clouds the image)
