{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-10 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493873","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65628","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3946,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/873/mufon-5493873.json","updb_database_id":5493873}
{rjl} 3 A.M. sighting of a disc shaped craft with a bright pulsating dome/light that hovered then reversed direction and disappeared.

I was outside by the pool at appx 3 AM smoking a cigarette and watching the stars that were brightly shining in a very clear sky with no clouds at all. I have had dozens of UFO sightings in my life so I make it a habit to scan the sky whenever I am outside in the hope that I will add another sighting to my already miraculous mental library of technologically advanced craft, whether human in origin or other-worldly in nature. I was looking straight up and I noticed a 'flash' of light moving from the north to the south in the sky. The light appeared to be emanating from the top of the craft and did not flash in any sequence whatsoever, just a random flash every now and again. I did not observe any 'normal' green or red flashing lights or strobes as is required in normal aviation rules nor did I see any white strobe light(s) on this craft either, just the random flash of the dome light on top of the circular craft. There was an almost invisible violet haze surrounding the craft which solidified my suspicion that this was not any normal craft that I am aware of - but I also know that humans have reverse-engineered UFO's for decades now and I have no doubt that someone on this planet probably has a fleet of human-piloted anti-gravitic craft flying around that we are not privy to. As I stated earlier, the craft was heading south and flashing randomly when it stopped mid-flight and hovered for a brief moment and then reversed it's heading to a northern heading and traversed about a mile (estimated) and suddenly disappeared altogether in a flash of bright light ! I did not hear any sound coming from the craft either despite it being so quiet outside at 3 AM. I continued scanning the sky for other craft that don't fit the normal mode of known aircraft but finally gave up after about 10 minutes and went back inside to bed. Whenever I have a sighting of any kind, I always reach out to the craft with my mind and thank whoever is flying the craft for allowing me to see them so clearly and I always wish them well with the hope and promise that so many of us on this planet are ready for a face-to-face encounter with them, but that we are being held back in ignorance by our own LYING government officials that refuse to enlighten us with their knowledge of UFO's and hidden meetings between humans and our space-faring brethren. Perhaps one day soon *crossing fingers* our visiting space friends will just show themselves to the planet in a way that can no longer be denied and help us to regain control of this devastated living planet and reverse the horrible damage we have done by sharing openly with us the technology AND spirituality needed to move forward as a whole species and start to learn about all of the other amazing life that is teeming all around us in this universe. I continue to look to the sky and perhaps one day I will be lucky enough to meet them, but until then I will keep studying the unknown and try my best to be a better steward to this planet and my fellow humans. Thank you MUFON for being available to us folks and allowing us to share our information with each other - this is such an important subject of investigation and adds to the proof that this is all very real !
