{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-01 23:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525873","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29842","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2362,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/873/mufon-5525873.json","updb_database_id":5525873}
Bright reddish-orange light moving from SE to NW toward Pittsburgh

At about 11:35 I put the dog out. I happened to look at the sky, and observed a bright reddish-orange light crossing the sky in a straight line, approximately SE to NW. I initially took it to be the landing light of an airliner, due to its size and the fact that this is a common flight path for planes arriving at Pittsburgh International Airport. However, the color was wrong for a landing light. In addition, there were no blinking lights anywhere in the vicinity of this light, as would be found on a plane's tail and wingtips. I also did not hear any noise at all, as I would have expected from a jet flying overhead.

The light progressed across the sky at a fairly slow pace. It passed overhead perhaps 30-45 seconds after I first noticed it. As it did so, the light faded out. There was a faint dark shape that continued in the trajectory of the light until the glare from Pittsburgh hid it. The impression was similar to a vehicle with a headlight and no taillights passing by. The shape was faint enough that I cannot describe it with certainty - perhaps triangular or rectangular? In the sky it was perhaps the size of my thumbnail when held at arm's length.

A check of NASA's SkySearch found no satellites passing over the McKeesport area between 11:00 and 12:00 this evening. After retrieving my camcorder, I sat outside and observed the sky until 12:30, but did not see anything besides the usual jets passing overhead.

I am a pastor in my mid-thirties, with a bachelor's and master's degree. This is the first time I have observed an object in the sky that I could not explain. My primary emotional response was one of curiosity - I wonder whether anyone else will report this.
