{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-09-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546873","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"20116","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2463,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/873/mufon-5546873.json","updb_database_id":5546873}
MIB's

I was at a chevron some where between la and san francisco I have no idea where somewhere in the middle it was sept 1993 not sure of the day in the afternoon. I walked into the gas station/store and everyone froze and the music cut out there was one customer one guy behind the counter. I walked to the counter about 10 ft away and then the guy moved the music started and I payed for some gas. It was extremely weird but I didn't say anything to the counter guy I walked to my girlfriends truck and she started yelling at me becuase i was in side for a half an hour but it was only a minute. As I was pumping gas I threw some trash in a trash can a black car pulled up with tinted window four door don't know the make or model but a fairly new probably american car the window rolled down and there was 2 or 3 people in the car all in black suits with sunglasses on the one next to window said "what are you doing here?" and "whats your name" This caught me off guard and I thought for a second and then I said I don't have to tell you anything and the guy smiled and said good answer then rolled up the window and drove away I turned back to look at the car it was totally gone. There was nothing around for miles and the rodes were empty it totally disappeared I was out where its just empty flat fields. That was it I just always thought that was weird I never knew who to tell this too I read about MIbs like 2 years later and then of course that movie came out. But it happened I thought possibly it was the secret service because of some of the stuff I was involved in back then but anyway thats all I have to say. The only other thing was on the dash board was a lot of electronic devices like a cop car or something thats why I thought it was feds or something like that. Never saw a ufo. if you have any questions email me I prefer to be anonymous.
