{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1964-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469873","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90636","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5531,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/873/mufon-5469873.json","updb_database_id":5469873}
see full discription

The Beginning

I had a habit of looking down at my feet while walking as a child; it was a game I used to play when I was around eight or nine years old. One early evening, I am working my way down the road, heading home after leaving a friends place. I had my head down, looking at my feet as I walked, while keeping the curb insight out of the corner of my eye. The challenge to this game however, was to try and guess how far I had walked, and how close I was getting to my house without cheating by looking up. When I finally stopped and lifted my head, I realized with a smile of triumph that I was standing right in front of my house. We lived in a one story, back split house with an open carport, were the front of the house faced east, and the back faced west. The house was also perched on a rise that over looked the rest of the neighborhood to the west. 

I remember feeling the low Suns warmth on the right side of my face as I stood there in the street as it began to set. Its warmth drew me, I remember closing my eyes as I turned and faced west into the Suns direction so I could bask in its comforting orange glow for the moment. Turning my head and looking east, I noticed the night1s zenith approaching; I loved this time of the evening, I loved the way you could track the night1s zenith moving across the sky back then. I remember wondering at that moment, if I looked strait up, maybe I would be able to see the first star of the night; I use to like wishing on the first star at that age.

As I saluted the sky to block the sunlight while stretching my head back to look strait up, I noticed the first bright star in the sky directly above me. I remember thinking how lucky I was, as I took a moment to search the rest of the sky above me for more stars, but found none. Now I am sure, I had only taken my eyes off the star above me for only a brief moment when I scanned the rest of the sky. Nevertheless, before I could finish assembling my thoughts that were beginning to materialize in my mind about what wish I was going to make, a bright object about the size of a quarter held at arms length was there above me instead.

Before I had time to express my amazement, a huge oval object over twice the size of a house, materialized directly above me, it was floating silently just above the height of the TV aerials, which most of the homes had, back then. It had gone from the size of a quarter to the size of the monster that hovered over me now, in the blink of an eye, without making a sound. 

I could not stop my legs from shaking as I stood there paralyzed with fear, I was scared shitless and amazed at the same time, and I could not move as I studied the mirror like surface of the object that had stopped to look me over. It was the first and the last time that I ever remembered experiencing, involuntary body movement. I also remember hearing in my peripheral, the lawn mower that had been going across the street, stop. It was then; that I realized I was not as alone as I felt.

My eyes were glued to the object, and it felt as if time stood still. I could see the whole neighborhood reflected off the curvature of the crafts mirrored surface. The roof of my house was inverted in the objects reflective surface, with the reflected TV aerial, looking like it was close to touching the real thing. What made the whole experience even more surreal was the memory of seeing the sun setting, and the sun setting off the westward rim of the object; it was as if I was watching two sunsets, which is an image that has been burned into my mind, to this day. 

It was a huge egg shaped mirror. Those were my last thoughts as I watched it slowly begin to float away from me, silently moving north up the street, while finally gaining altitude as it flew over my school before disappearing from sight.

As soon as I was able to move, I went running screaming my head off into my house, freaking my mother out, she thought at the time I had hurt myself. At first, she refused to believe the incident as I told her. We had a running joke going on in the family back then, where she would tell my brother and me that she was from outer space. My mother thought at first that I might have been influenced by her stories, until she heard the incident reported on the radio. I do not think she was ever able to bring herself to believe the personal nature of the experience that had happened to me, as I had described it to her back then. What adult truly listens to a kid with the same level of belief that they would have with another adult. 

Over one hundred people saw this object, including my teacher Mrs. Davis from the school I attended, and it also made the news on the radio as well. It happened in Scarborough, Ont., Canada, about a mile south of the CTV Television Station. I was eight or nine at the time so this incident took place in 1963 or 1964, I cannot remember which.
