{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1985-08-28 12:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497873","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61392","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4099,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/873/mufon-5497873.json","updb_database_id":5497873}
First i would like to point out, that i have seen the UFO inside with it's two Entity's.

I was near the Economic faculty in our capital, in a local bar.I was sitting with one girl and one boy, students of the Economic faculty in the time that the event took place.In those moments a huge force blocked my heart and brain, and I was like a statue, in my soul I felt the smell of basil, it was as a clinical death to me, people who were around I just could not see them and I hardly listened to them. Than that same force moved me throw the cosmos and there I felt the tremendous force of gravity. I was very cold and because of the force of the gravity I felt that I could be fractured into pieces. Furthermore, I heard a sound of a engine like from an airplane. Than that same force brought me inside the UFO.When that same force brought me inside, in that same moment I knew that those are Entity1s and a object from another civilization.As I already sad I was witness of the object but inside the UFO, so about the actions that the Entity1s did I can assure you that I know the process but because is very complicated I want to speak about this with someone directly from your organization. And if is possible even if needed to do that in the USA. So about the motions and actions of the UFO outside I can not witness because I have seen it inside.In those moments I was very upset and afraid , because I could not describe the appearance and did not know if I would stay alive and will that same force brought me back to Earth. And about the actions, I had no power over myself and this same force opened my eyes and showed the actions of the Entity1s inside the UFO and for sure it showed me the process of flying with the UFO. This is also important that after so many years occasionally, while watching television it reminds me on the most important action of the process of flying with the UFO. I strongly believe that during me being inside the UFO I was invisible for the Entity1s, because one of the Entity1s was like three feet1s from me and I thought that it was watching me and like it was smiling to me, it was faintly in his face it had long face and it had long yellow hair, also long beard, unshaved. What wondered me the most was that it moved the eyelids fast and I could not see the color of his eyes. Those Entity1s are about 110 cm tall, they walk slowly, they have small fingers of their hands and also they have a strong tone of voice. While walking they walk with bent knees.That same force ejected me from the same entry I got inside. The entry was on roof of the UFO.I also want to say that while they are walking
they snore and also they had very sophisticated equipment. I saw two Entity's doing the process of flying with the UFO.They work very precisely
and their process of flying is divided.In addition i have that Sketch from
the inside of the UFO that you can also see, for the colors of some things
i remember, for some i do not, but the system of flying i know it perfectly
and i need people that can test me about this things, because i want to build the UFO with you.Because with these flyings object's USA may become
the most powerful cosmic power in the world,it would be possible to conquest the planet's far away with crew's, and minimum spent energy.I hope
to hear from you soon and also hope that you understand me because the society where i live does not.
Best regards
