{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-09-14 20:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480873","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79174","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3498,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/873/mufon-5480873.json","updb_database_id":5480873}
{cak} Hovering / Flashing lights in the sky - 3 lights forming a triange, then a glowing orb

Last night around 8:30pm while my son and I took our dogs out for our daily walk, which is always the same route, I noticed a "star" in the sky where there's usually no star. I also noticed some planes going by. My son and I were looking at the light and and planes and definitely agreed this was not a plane or a star. It was brighter than a star and appeared to be moving very slowly. My son says he saw a green light attached to it that was flickering, but I did not observe that.

After the walk, I went into my back yard where I could clearly observe. It was to the West and a bit South. It looked really far away. I was trying to determine again for sure if this was a plane, but it was hovering and moving slowly downward. Within the first half hour or so, I watched about 15 planes go past it. At first I thought the planes were headed in the direction of the airport, but they were not; and planes were flying past it from all directions. After a while the planes stopped flying by.

I got my binoculars and noticed that the light actually looked like 3 lights, in a triangular form. It looked like an acute triangle with the sharpest point (maybe the front of the craft) facing down-left. I handed the binoculars to my son, and asked him what he saw. He described the same thing: 3 lights forming a triangle with the point on down-left.

I continued to watch the light for a couple hours, and with my eyes, it appeared to flicker and hover slowly moving downward. I began recording with my iPhone. It seemed to start moving around more. I tried hard to keep my hands still while recording, and the object would move out of my recording view. So, I would stop, focus on it, and start recording again.

When I looked at the footage, I could see not just the one light, but lots of tiny lights around it flashing. Also, there were no planes flying by anymore. With the binoculars, it didn't look like a 3-light triangle anymore. It looked like more of an orb. Also it seemed to increase/decrease in size.

Once the light was so low in the sky that I couldn't see it anymore over the rooftops, I called it a night. This was around 10:40pm. I have no idea what happened after that.
