{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-11-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500873","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58208","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2469,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/873/mufon-5500873.json","updb_database_id":5500873}
{rjl} hovering over major route highway. shutting lights out. disappeared, huge

my friend and I were driving through the westmoreland mall parking lot when I noticed 6 or 7 yellowish colored lights hovering stationary over Rt. 30 above the mall sign. I immediately pulled over and we got out of the car and saw a huge boomerang shaped object larger than the mall itself. it was randomly shutting out its lights. the lights kind of faded as they were turning off. they didnt just blink OUT. when the last light turned out the object wasnt there anymore. it just disappeared. there was no pattern to the lights shutting off. it was random. the object itself was dark but clearly visible. we were in total shock. it was huge. in line with the mall but about 400 feet away hovering over the highway. I said "Mike, did that just happen, you saw what I saw right"? he said "I saw it Matt, Im not blind"! this happened on Thanksgiving night between 7 and 12 years ago. Im sorry I dont know the year. I know thats important but we just dont know. there had to be other witnesses to this. people on Rt 30 or in the mall parking lot. I left a message for Stan Gordon but he never got back to me. My friend and I talk about it on  occasion. We talked about it last night and I thought Im going to let MUFON and Stan Gordon know about it and see if anyone else came forward. that was the 5th time since I was 13 years old that I witnessed something similar to this event. but never that up close. I would gladly tell you of the other times I witnessed such things if you were interested. I would also gladly take a lie detector test as well. and as for my friend Mike who witnessed the mall UFO with me, he said he would take the test too. I wonder sometime if they appear so I see them. I have experienced missing time on one occasion but saw no object that night. thank you.  Matt
