{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-08-10 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481873","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78102","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4148,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/873/mufon-5481873.json","updb_database_id":5481873}
Fireball turns into small white being in hotel room

This is not my story but in fact my Grandmothers. I know it happened when I was young sometime before I was either three or four and when I heard this story it came as somewhat of a shock to me.
It all began a few years ago in 2008 when I was staying with my grandmother for a few months and all of a sudden my grandmother relays a story to me about when I was a very young boy when my mother, father, her and me went to Manchester and stayed overnight in a hotel. Strangely enough there was two strange incidents in this trip but I1ll focus on the main incident first.
So my mother and father had one room and I and my grandma had another room and my grandma was in the hotel room when she said she saw what looked to be a fiery meteor flying towards us. She said that it struck the steeple of a church opposite the window and then proceeded to fly at the window of the hotel room.
She said it then materialised into a small white man in the room. My grand mother ran over to me and grabbed me and began to pray. Being Muslims we know prayers from the heart and she began to pray. She then said that the little white man began to run around us in a circle but the whole time she held me in her arms, now remember at the time I was maybe 3 or 4 so quite small.
She then told me that the little white man apparently was warded off by the prayer and then walked away into the bathroom and vanished. She checked and there was no one there and she was convinced that the being was trying to get to me or us and that by praying she stopped the being.
Now just to clarify two points, at the time I heard this I was stunned by the sudden admonition and I called my mother who claims never to have heard this story which is strange because my grandmother must have not mentioned it for ever a decade until one day out of the blue she mentions it to me.
Now before I wrap this up there was another mysterious event that happened during that same trip that my parents talk about to this day. When we drove back to our home in Houslow Middlesex which is about 3 or 4 hours from Manchester depending on traffic about halfway home they realised they had forgotten their address book in the hotel. But the strange thing is that upon arriving at our home what was on the table in the middle of the living room, the address book. Which is strange because they had used that same address book to find a place they had traveled too in Manchester to begin with.
I will not speculate as to the how1s and where forth of the address book and how it returned home or whether it ever left the home to begin with. That1s a discussion for another day but I do find both accounts of the same trip odd.
Now I asked my grandmother for details of the white being and she seemed reluctant but not afraid of the memory. I will add this my grandmother was brought up in rural India during the age of the British empire and she never learned how to read. Her English was understandable but she was not well educated and never went to school, I doubt she ever learned what aliens were and she was highly pragmatical and faithful. I doubt she would ever have thought of aliens from beyond the stars and as such I find unlikely that she would think to make such things up, although in all my decades knowing her she never once lied to me. But remember at the time my grandmother was an elderly lady and has since passed on but the story she relayed to me has stayed in my mind for years and now I am doing my duty by relaying the story to you.
