{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-11-19 08:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547873","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"13834","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2526,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/873/mufon-5547873.json","updb_database_id":5547873}
Slow pulsating red object

I was driving to my sisters house down Union Hills around 7pm traveling east from I-17(north phx area), noticed object in the distance about 40 degrees off horizon. Thought object at first to be a helicopter but noticed the lights were brighter (larger appearance), lights did not strobe as such and object didn't appear to be moving around. There were a lot of air planes and a few helicopters flying around at the time as well, (note that Deer Valley airport is within 3 miles). I started to think that the planes were taking an interest to the object and it appeared that the planes may have been making some fly-by's of the object. I arrived at my sisters place which was less than a mile from the location i first noted seeing the object. I looked up and still saw the object and was at about the same degree from the horizon but had been moving west during the drive and noticed it was looking brighter/larger due to it getting closer. The light would stay solid for a few seconds then dim and alternate at different frequencies. I had my sister and her husband come out to look at it with me and we watched it for awhile and could notice it moving west very slowly. Noting the appx. angle of degree it was at and moving to the west the object may have been a 1000ft in the air. At about 7:45pm the object stopped moving and the light would pulse from bright to dim for another minute or so more then stopped and vanished. Also noted, there was no sound to it, there were however plenty of planes and helicopters to compare the object to for the entire duration as they were in constant flight. 

Have no thought to what it may be, only per my observation it was not an airplane nor helicopter. Flare or balloons would be ruled out for me as well. There were plenty of planes flying in the area and i would be surprised if there wasn't any reports of the object by them to the Tower at Deer Valley Airport.
