{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-01-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462873","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98091","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4262,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/873/mufon-5462873.json","updb_database_id":5462873}
Frightening nightmares that could be experiences

Hello; 
I really need to speak with someone regarding some possible extraterrestrial visitations I have experienced. 
The reason I have for believing this is that I have had several night terrors or nightmares about if for many years, especially over the past 10. I am now 32, living in Calgary Alberta canada. 8 yrs ago I had a nightmare That was the first of many terrifying ones to come... I am still not sure if it was in fact a dream. In it, I was laying in bed and the entire room filled with a very bright, white light that came down the window... I was disoriented and a large being, with big eyes and long arms and spindly looking fingers game toward me. It wrapped its cold clammy hand around my neck and began choking me. I did what I could to scream and then, I found myself standing at my front door holding the door handle with my daughter standing in the living room staring at the window. I have no idea how I got down the stairs and why I was trying to go outside. Or why my daughter was standing there. 
The most recent nightmare or experience I had was the other night, in which a being of s similar nature was standing in my room, all lights had gone out and there was the same bright white light filling the room. I screamed for the being not to take me and it turned at once.... it1s eyes were huge and it1s fingers long.... it had the appearance of a large grey... it came toward me and held me sow I the bed by my shoulders. I tried to scream but no sound came out... I woke you in a shiver, and cold sweat soaked... I went to the washroom and washed my face, looking in the mirror I saw a smal perfectly round red circle about the size of a quarter on my shoulder. It has since disappeared and I was unable to get a photograph. When I went back to sleep i had images of horrible things happening and the destruction of the world and humanity. I woke with a feeling of complete dread and fear. 
I have seen at least a dozen UFO1s in my life, all within the last 10yrs and... I have experience lost time, resulting in my writings of symbols that I cannot read, multiple ferrying nightmares or experiences and I have audio recording of myself speaking In a language that I do not know...
I really need some help. If anyone can talk to me and bring clarity to this situation I1ve dealt with for years now it would be most helpful. I have so much information to share. I have tried to seek help from a specialized hypnotist and they have refused to call me back and have blocked me from social media and has not returned my calls. I have included my drawings of images from my dreams and writings.
I thank you for taking the time to help me. This has caused me a lot of stress, depression and insomnia... 
I await for your response.
