{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466990","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93684","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2380,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/990/mufon-5466990.json","updb_database_id":5466990}
Red dot that flew fast to a tube light and then something massive above me that turned on five lights that seemed to rotate

I was driving south towards Whitby from Middlesbrough when I noticed a red dot in the sky that seemed to be travelling very very fast. It then came closer and turned into what I can only decide as a fluorescent tube light (horizontal) which then shot downwards towards me (vertical). I slowed and continued to try and see what it was, then five lights came on one at a time as if they were rotating on, these were right above me and it was huge, the lights stayed on for around 30 seconds, I pulled over and went for my phone but they then turned off the same way and the process reversed back to the red light, it then shot off towards RAF fylindales and disappeared.

I have no idea what it was and can only say that I was not the only one who,saw it and it was nothing I can clarify as known.. I am a normal person and I have tried for nearly two years to rationalise what I saw, but can't.

I had pulled my car up as did the car in front, we both said it was huge and definitely only one craft. As we watched the sky, two low flying helicopters came over us with no lights at all, but they were that low, we could see them.

It was dark but I know what I saw, I just have no idea what it was, but nothing I know of in existence.

I was totally stunned and memorised by what I was seeing as I can't tell you what it was.

I asked at the local petrol station a few days later in Whitby if anyone else has seen anything and I was advised. Yes!

It was right above me and although I couldn't see everything, I can say it was right massive and only 1 ?

Hope this helps, it has just confused me, but I can see the lights in my memory and how they came on.....
