{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-04-20 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510990","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47394","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":10102,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/990/mufon-5510990.json","updb_database_id":5510990}
[flg] I am checking things of multiple events in past, but contacting you in case others have experienced what I am recently.

Throughout my life I believe that I have seen several UFOs. Sometimes alone, other times with another person with me. My first memory of a UFO while awake came when I was around 13 years old. Looking back, I question if I had encounters while asleep for I definitely suffered from what I now know to be "night terrors". And I witnessed things occur while awake but the rest of the family asleep that I was not taken seriously for when I told them. Until a certain age I was terrified of something "outside the window". I also saw an entity with a distinguishing attribute up until my mid 20s, always at night, that scared me to death when it would occur.

Strangely the UFOs I have seen have not all been the same. I used to think that what I saw at 13 was possibly a helicopter once I realized helicopters had search lights, for I had been outside in my front yard at dusk, twirling a baton and saw a strange light in the sky off to the left of me. My mother had called and told me to come inside from the front door. Not wanting to get in trouble, I started that way, but in the slow manner a child often does who doesnt want to go in. The light, so bright like a circle in the sky, came towards me suddenly, so very fast. I remember freezing in terror as if my feet were literally stuck to the ground, hearing this strange roar, and then suddenly a bright light shining down on me. The next thing I remember is my mother calling me again, quite aggravated because she thought I wasnt listening. I got in trouble for taking so long. When asked, she told me it had been over 30 minutes since she first asked me to come inside. To me, it had been mere moments. Not even 5 minutes. When I told her what happened, she didn't believe me and thought I was lying to stay out of trouble. My father thought I was lying and that it must have been a helicopter. Neither of them had heard one though. Nor was helicopters flying over our house a common event. It was a very small town. I had not seen a search light until years later, as an adult, when I had moved to another state.

After that, there would be a few more incidents that I can remember seeing unknown and strange objects in the sky that seemed to defy physics. Several of those times with my husband, who I think up until witnessing it with me was quite skeptical of my stories. He has a lot of aviation experience and had never seen anything like the objects we saw. Rather comically, or I say that looking back, for at the time it was not, we even had the "run from one in a vehicle" that is sometimes seen on television. I say comical, because really, there arent many people who would believe such a story and to know the whole story of that particular event, it certainly sounds like a tall tale country folk might tell their children to give them the heeby jeebies while out camping.

I have had dreams involving "aliens" my entire life. Im not going to write about them here, because it states this will be public information. If interested, I would write to someone in MUFON about them, but I would rather remain anonymous. I will say that I have had dreams that are very similar and often times in much more detail to some of the things I have seen on television shows about UFOs. Except my dreams came before I ever saw the shows. Those particular dreams always terrified me, but really got under my skin when I saw such similarities being played out on television by people who reportedly experienced the same thing. 

The dreams changed over the years. It is not a "standard" dream that I am speaking of, but rather a timeline of changing dreams, just like in your waking world your life and situations change as you age. Nor did I dream of one particular type of "alien", but rather a couple. Three species mostly. Two in particular at war with one another, one trying to help us. Or us trying to help them. That part is a little strange. There is something else about my dreams that might be interesting, but again I would rather not state it here.

So finally what am I writing to you about? It is none of the above. I write only that so that you can see that this is something that has been ongoing in my life for several decades. In the last decade my dreams have shifted. For several years I would have what I think is clinically called "sleep paralysis" several nights a week. At one point it happened so often that I didn't want to go to sleep because I didn't know there was such a thing at the time, and my awareness of what was happening was so frightening that it scared the living daylights out of me. Now days it happens a handful of times a month, or can go a months without happening. It seems to come in spurts, with long periods between a cluster of episodes. Recently it has started up again, much more often.

What has also changed is me still seeing things that shouldnt be there after I am awake. It is very weird. Depending upon what I see, depends upon my reaction. There have been a few times where my reaction is screaming bloody murder and terrifying my husband because I am going on and on about something he cannot see, with my heart pounding and the look of terror upon my face. It is the other times that I write to you about though. When I see numbers or formulas or "drawings". When I describe them to my husband, he said it sounds like a 3d line drawing. It doesnt look like anything I have seen before. Mind you, I have had dreams about UFOs that completely dwarf huge cities they are so massive. And this is before I saw such things on tv. When I did see that, I looked at my husband and said, "Thats what I told you about..." etc. Usually when I have dreamed like this it is precluding something that when it does actually occur I able to say "See, thats what I was telling you about."

Ive woken up seeing these "drawings" in their strangely hued glowing color filling up my bedroom and disappearing into the walls several times now. Theres odd symbols on them written in a manner like we might write measurements or details as well. I have woken up my husband and conversed with him about them, while they are still surrounding us. He never sees anything. Oddly, if I turn a light on, they disappear. Theres been a time or two something else didn't, but the drawings do. If I turn the light back off, they return. Each time, theyve stayed a little longer. The last time it occurred, it lasted for around 4-5 minutes. I don't remember what I am dreaming before I wake up, just that I wake up with a sense of urgency, a feeling that theres something important I am supposed to remember, and that it was what I call "one of those dreams". For I categorize my "alien" dreams into two categories, ones that I immediately dismiss as just dreams, and "the others". Of course, I do realize how that must sound.

For some reason, when looking at this object I feel like it is a ship, but Im really not certain if I mean the water variety. Its very large. Massive. Like several football fields at least, massive. That is just something I know when I see it, even though Im only seeing part of the drawing in my room. It is as if the drawing has been superimposed inside my house, but not to size. Lines disappear into the walls. I don't know if they continue into the next room because Ive always been too unnerved to leave my bed. Sitting up and turning on the bedside lamp is the most Ive done. Still, even scaled down, its massive. Ive never seen anything like it. My husband had me look up different modern aircraft carriers because when I described it to him, he thought maybe that was it and my mind was just rehashing something I had seen before. So we looked them up together online. There were similarities in the way certain bits were shaped, but it wasnt the same at all. When I told him the similarities and tried to explain how it was similar, he told me that what I was describing sounded like something he saw on a documentary talking about modern and experimental uses of stealth technology. I don't know, I don't watch those shows with him.

I am writing this to you because I am wondering if anyone else is having these same dreams and "sleep paralysis". I wonder if anyone else has had the experiences that I (and we) have had and sees the things that I see. If my memories and perceptions of that around me are true, then I have not just seen a UFO in the distance or close up. I have seen both. I have had contact made. I have been experimented on. And I continue to have contact made to this day. I do know how I sound, and that is why I wish to remain anonymous. I do not want family, friends, and acquaintances to see me in a different light. I am hoping that maybe you can shed some more light on my different experiences. But I am also hoping that if others are experiencing what I am, that perhaps with all the pieces you can figure out what it is being seen, and why were being shown.

My husband, a vet whos spent his adult life around aviation, never saw a UFO until we were married. When I told him the stories of my youth, like any logical person he tried to find rational explanations. Who wouldnt? Then he had not just one, but multiple encounters with me in a very short period of time in the mid 90s. I really believe that I and we have been witness to something. Im not sure what. But its definitely something.
