{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-19 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486990","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72691","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2784,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/990/mufon-5486990.json","updb_database_id":5486990}
{rjl} 4-5 lights ( 2 circling )Observed and filmed for 45 mins

walked outside after 9pm facing due east I noticed the airplanes were not in their normal flight paths "in fact" abnormal . I saw 2 small blinking lights flying in tandem one in front of the other like they were attached by a string ? I though they were Helicopters until they flew directly over me, completely silent . they continued to do a circling pattern my best guess is a mile radius then passing over our place directly over where i was standing. The 2 main objects were again flying in tandem sometimes close sometimes far away , I also noticed other small lights flying around? the 2 being observed at one point a third appeared and all three blinked red in a triangle pattern as the 2 passed under the third the third dropped down to the one tailing the first and stopped...... the 2 continued over me and continued the circular pattern. I am a professional videographer Ive spent countless ours filming Helicopters, Planes small air craft for Prestigious companies I am familiar with flight characteristics and these flew nothing like them. Now Drones? i can see how these things could have been drones but for there size numbers and the amount of time they spent in the air I can not deduce? and why over a residential area? with this said I recorded them on a HPX 500 with a 8 to 120 fujinon lens with a 2X extender at 12 Db on a tripod, my goal was to get the best footage to see what they were. My feelings? Well altho I would love proof we are not alone in this universe I watched and filmed these things for 45 min with a critical eye I shot the planes as well for comparison, I did tell close friends about this and they said they read about it in the paper or news and it was a Military exercise with helicopters,or drones???
OK..... My conclusion.
IF? it was Military Maneuvers over 16th st and Glendale a residential area with super secret Drones for over an hour? I have the most "Rock Solid" footage I have ever seen of these craft.

IF? It was ET? I have the most "Rock Solid" footage I have ever seen of UFOs over a residential area. 

I lost sight of them over my building towards the south east.
