{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-27 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481990","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77982","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3342,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/990/mufon-5481990.json","updb_database_id":5481990}
{jpg} Strange white possibly glowing pill shaped objects appearing for short time and disappearing. Regular aircraft also (two jets one plane that also disappeared) during and after.

Finishing dinner and watching movie. Decide to let dog out back to pee. While outside saw what i thought was airplane. No wings or apparent "tail". Also had what seemed to be transparent "bubble". Thought, must be helicopter blades. Realized too high to be helicopter and wrong shape/unusual color. Called bf outside to see. Only took eyes off craft for 1 sec but disappeared. Ran up hill to see over house (couldn't have made it over house at speed i saw anyway) and couldn't find. By now we are both looking and saw another. This 1 is closer and going opposite direction. While we were watching another one (smaller/further away)appeared over it. Bf keeps watching closer one while i watch farther one. Both dissapear while we were watching them each respectively (they were going opposite directions). Then we see appeared to military planes/jets that also disappeared, then possibly reappeared in other places. Then saw another one of the white pill things appear and disappear (both of us witness at the same time). Then saw another 2 planes (not disappearing just flying in general area over path of pill things). We also then both saw an actual airplane (white with wings and all)flying over path of first pill thing. Disappeared near where the first pill thing did. Lastly a final "pill thing" appeared and disappeared (both saw). In total 4 or 5 pill things. We are not druggies.we are not mentally ill. There were two small light clouds at the time but these were see thru and none of the objects disappeared into them. After the last object was seen the wind must have shifted because large dark clouds immediately moved into the area. By this time we had grabbed a phone to record but there was no more activity (and if it was still where most seemed to concentrate then we wouldn't have seen thru clouds anyway unless another low flying one showed up).... also, before i went outside i had a brief moment of ear ringing and dizziness. When i watched the first one (right before it disappeared) this repeated along with visual "chrome gnats". When bf saw his (first) he experienced the same along with seeing a transparent bubble open up in front of the craft before it disappeared. Incedently these were the two low flying ones. We aren't crazy and I'm fairly certain we don't have brain tumors. I think i would like to remain anonymous because i am a nursing student and don't know if any potential employers could find out. We could draw pictures of crafts at a later date if anything comes if this and if it would be helpful. Thank you.
