{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-27 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459990","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101424","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4477,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/990/mufon-5459990.json","updb_database_id":5459990}
{tjd} Looked like a shooting star

First UFO (A) Appeared as a shooting star from due N to E in a slight banana flight path ascending no more than 500FT from starting point at what would appear to be the usual perceived speed of a shooting star. It then stopped immediately and hovered for minutes. It changed course to W descending several hundred FT. It performed several flavors of these maneuvers including straight up, down, zig zag. From my best guess the craft was approximately 8 statute miles out from the shore of Ogden Dunes. I suspect that the activity was happening under the floor of airway V6-10 which runs Eastbound from Chicago Midway Airport over Lake Michigan. The reason I believe this distance is that it looked like the craft was chasing the tail of commercial jet liners in that jetway. I have triangulated it's general area using land marks on satellite maps and aeronautical charts. 

There was tornado warnings for the areas just south earlier that day but the sky started off as clear. It became harder to see the object as clouds rolled in. When light cloud cover was present it looked like a fireball due to the bloom created by the amber/reddish light coming through the clouds. The light would fade in and out between white-ish yellow to amber red randomly. There was never a constant color. 

Around 15 minutes after A appeared a second UFO (B) with the same description and appeared close to the horizon from the W performing the same maneuvers as A but more conservatively and with less altitude and range. At one point A descended straight down to the horizon and disappeared. I could not tell if it penetrated the lake or not, it's light disappeared instantly as soon as it approached the horizon.

Shortly after a third craft appeared (C) from the W behaving in ways the same as B. The flying of all these craft did not seem to be systematic and without reason. Quite frankly, as a pilot myself, it seemed as if they were having "fun," with their crafts. 

If the reference point it due N from Ogden Dunes shore line the horizontal range of all these craft was around 40 degrees NW and 40 degrees NE. My perceived altitude range was from 0 to at or below 2000FT AGL (Above Ground Level), as I don't know what the Mean Sea Level is at that point of Lake Michigan. 

They were easily traveling over 1,000KTS. The immediate stopping and/or changing directions at high speeds would kill a human being with G forces.

All three then came together with minimal separation to the NW in a step like pattern with one's altitude slightly above the other. They hovered there for awhile before they all simultaneously performed a small "hopping" maneuver where they would gain a slight amount of altitude and distance in a half circle pattern each time hovering for a moment after performing another "hop" They only did maybe 5 hops before they completely disappeared. I didn't see them depart the area I simply no longer saw light. It happened so quickly I don't think a cloud simply covered them up.

Regarding the attached video from my iPhone 6S: I am digitally zoomed all the way in hand holding my phone so the UFO will look like its darting around more than it is. The video is really only good for looking at the luminance and color. I think I completely lost the object towards the end. Please use headphones with decent bass because you will hear a low hum that was not detectable by my ears. I have no clue if the hum is connected to the UFOs but that is certainly not normal for cell phone videos.

Please note: Although this took place in Indiana I live in Illinois and was already in contact with Sam Maranto about this. I thought it might be easier to communicate with the IL chapter in case a face to face meeting was needed.
