{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-18 17:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529990","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25511","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3389,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/990/mufon-5529990.json","updb_database_id":5529990}
Tiny silver metallic ball in sky next to sun- had a vapor trail which was unusual and then trail disappeared and ball was alone in sky then disappeared

We were on are way to a family dinner around 5: 35- we traveled by car on the main road through the borough of Conchohocken which is out side of Philadelphia. Usually when I am in the car and not driving I tend to look at houses and scenery on the way. This time, however, I felt the need to stare out at the sky. It was just as the sun was over the horizen and getting ready to set. I was wearing my high definition perscription sunglasses at the time, so I could look close to the sun with out having to look away. If I had not worn these glasses I could not have stared directly next to the sun for th 10 minutes this event went on. When I first looked up at the sky I noticed an unusal vapor trail. I kept starring at it and assumed it was a plane. I kept staring at it and it was moving too slow to be a plane. There were two commerical aircraft in that area that did not emit a vapor tail and they were moving much faster. This area also has many traffic helicopters that I see all the time over I76 - these helicopters do not emit a vapor trail and usually can be seen since they fly fairly low. I noticed the vapor trail was shaped similar to that of a comet- it was white and rectagular and looked like it could be a cloud but it was too low to be a cloud- there were several cloud formations above but they did not move as this vapor cloud was moving slowly and keeping up with the car. I noticed the sun glare on an metallic object at the front of the vapor trail- It was a very small silver metalic sphere or circle. I assumed it was a nose of a plane. I kept looking at the object for several minutes due to I could not fiqure out how a plane could move so slow and it was too small to be a traffic helicopter. I then turned away and looked back and saw a small metallic silver sphere in the sky not moving just there montionless with out the vapor trail- It then dissapeared. It was right next to the sun so most people with out protective wear could not propably see it- I then began to consider all the possibilities of what it could be and did not come up with any solution- We do have a small National Guard Base in Plymouth Meeting and also an Army reserve center in the area which does have tanks. I do belive in Ufo's and Study the documentation but never actually had an experience- I am a rational person and would not have reported this unless I could come up with no other explanation. I do believe UFO's are investigating Military bases. I would be happy to testify to this if needed. It is time for disclosure. Thank you for the opportunity for me to do my part bu telling you my small story. [Name removed/cms/tg]
