{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-13 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485990","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73732","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4382,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/990/mufon-5485990.json","updb_database_id":5485990}
{nd} Very bright round light steadily moving at 500 feet

100913 Very bright round light steadily moving at 500 feet

I was in my front yard in a rural area at night using Google Sky Map app with a Google Nexus 7 tablet observing and identifying stars, planets, galaxies, etc. I was also using the Flight Aware app to see which, if any, aircraft were in the vicinity. Facing north, I noticed a very bright light to my left (west) on the horizon above tree line coming towards me. I dismissed at first and thought, "I'll go to porch (nearby) to retrieve 50 power binoculars in a minute after I look at something else, then look at that plane".

I hurriedly looked at some other things with Google Sky Map, saw the very bright object to the left was steadily proceeding eastbound, and grabbed binoculars from porch. I was thinking I would begin to hear a sound, such as a gas or jet engine from object, but it was quiet except for very light approximately northerly breeze through some nearby trees.

I went back out into yard to approximately the same location and looked again at object which was much closer now and approximately to the northwest of me. Still no sound or flashing lights expected from an aircraft. All I could see was a bright round white light steadily going approximately eastward. It was the brightest object in the sky. My first thought then was it was a balloon of some sort.

I looked at the object with my binoculars and all I saw was a closer image of a bright round white light. The light appeared to be emitting evenly as in no change in luminescence anywhere on object. I thought I might be able to see a structure of the object from reflection of the light on the object as I have seen on airplanes flying over at night (e.g. a portion of the wings or fuselage).

Though frustrated because there was no true basis or frame of reference to estimate altitude or size because it was just a bright round white light, I estimated the object was 500 feet in altitude and about the size of a single engine aircraft such as a Cessna. I would later be able to confirm this estimate with a second sighting nearby on December 16, 2013 which was about two months later and about 5 miles away. I will file a report on the second sighting after this one.

Still watching the object proceeding eastbound, the steadiness of the speed led me to doubt it was a balloon plus there was hardly any wind at ground level. It was a calm night. While I was still wondering if it was a balloon of some sort or even a drone, the object made a very clean, arcing turn to the north without changing speed. Still no sound, change in shape, flashing lights, or any other visual clues could be seen. This ruled out a balloon as it turned into the very light approximately northerly breeze.

The object was now proceeding away from me northbound until it disappeared over a tree line. I looked at the object several times with both the binoculars (50 power) and my eyes. There was never any change in speed or appearance, always a very bright round white light moving at a steady, brisk speed even during the one 90 degree turn I observed. I have no idea what it was and had never observed such an object in my years of observation. 

I have experience observing the skies from years of 1) observing and identifying planets, stars, constellations, galaxies, etc., 2) the habit of looking up at sky during daytime to observe and identify birds, 3) visually identifying and tracking planes both daytime and nighttime with a flight app, and 4) flying in small aircraft in earlier years and knowing the altitude. I also have observed "Chinese" lanterns floating overhead at the same location during 4th of July, which were quite easy to identify with a scope or 50 power binoculars.
