{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-09-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5281990","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121481","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7320,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/990/mufon-5281990.json","updb_database_id":5281990}
Out of body experience??

Good evening,

I would like to if i may preface to state that although this experience was very powerful and very vivid, I've dismissed it until very recently until i heard a description on the television which was exact, and one other possible explanation. 

At the time i was in hospital in Kilmarnock Ayrshire, and at that time undergoing multiple surgeries on my left wrist. Due to complications with the IV, it was decided after one such surgery that i be given a central line into my neck. I had absolute no advance warning of this, in that i went to sleep after they gave the general anesthesia and off i drifted! After the conclusion of surgery, it was then decided the central line was to be given. As a further measure i was given Ketamine, whilst still knocked out. Now because of that detail is why I decided to dismiss this event. However the event that occurred that day kept coming back to me and kept coming back, and something internal trying to convince myself that this is really not what it appeared to be.

Whilst under anesthesia, i am not sure where they had me post op, most likely in the recovery room. My experience is as follows.

I found myself moving down a long narrow space, not a familiar space, and i found myself seeing in the distance that there were indeed 3 entities up ahead with their backs turned to me, I can only describe them as "greys" although they appeared to have a light brown completction. they only noticed my presence as i got closer, and as i got closer they started to slightly turn in my direction, accepting my presence. They then took me off a craft, or down a large ramp i suppose, once descending from this platform, did i notice i was in a very very large room or "hanger" is the closest i can describe it, however this was like no hanger I've ever seen in my life. In said hanger there were other craft that were absolutely enormous and dotted around this incredible space. At no time did i feel threatened or frightened in any way, and i then had this thought or realisation, which i find very odd indeed, as i scanned this unbelievably huge space i was currently in, my primary thought was "who on earth paid for all this?" Such an odd thought to have, but looking around it was clear that the space was expertly constructed and as i had that thought about the price of all this, the experience was over and i gently started to come around slowly, however i wasn't aware as to why i felt incredible relaxed and peaceful, i can clearly remember the recovery room nurse ask me, where i was?? For some reason and i can not understand why i replied "Nevada"?? A place i can assure you i have never ever been?? Not once ever?? But it seemed absolutely accurate that my answer was correct?? Prior to coming to, i do remember the sensation of gently floating down??

I wasn't made aware until either later that day or the next day, that indeed i had been given Ketamine at some point and when thinking of the experience, i thought, ah ha! And dismissed it, i was satisfied with that explanation in that Ketamine is a very strong painkiller that can sometimes stimulate hallucinations. I mentioned this to the anathesiologist who laughed mildly and left the room.

As i said i dismissed the experience immediately. However it still kept niggling at me. About 2 months ago or so, i came across a documentary which i had not seen before or was aware of the subject also was online and i watched this, due to not being familiar with the story. There was a gentleman by the name of Tom, i believe who started to recount his experiences with what is now famously known at the "Bridgewater triangle" this event took place on September 1st 1969.

In this story, the gentleman named Tom recounted his experience, and he described exactly what i had seen, which made me sit up, as i wasn't expecting it, and was instantly fascinated, the gentleman went on to explain that its totally possible that it is a thing that you can be abducted whilst you are unconscious, this was also the first time i had been made aware of this, as until this i had assumed wrongly that you had to be physically taken also. 

There are further details i would like to add that may or may not have some kind of bering on this or have nothing to do with it, however it being such an incredibly rare thing indeed, I'll mention it.

I found out at the age of 44, on the evening of March 3rd 2015 that i indeed have synesthesia, several kinds apparently, and on top of that, and those people who have known me since the 1970s and 1980s all know i possess an incredible memory, beyond what most people enjoy, i can recall any detail at any time about my life with perfect clarity, my friends and family have teased me in the past as when i recounted details about their lives they are quite astonished at the level of detail that seems extremely rare as i say, and they often ask me, how do you do that? Like its a magic trick that you would perform at a show, but its 100% the real deal. There is no trick. I later found out there is a even rarer ability called "super autobiographical memory or recall" all pieces seemed to fall into place and the proverbial light bulb went on above my head.

2 further things I'll mention very quickly that happened 20 years apart and did not put together until about 6 or 8 months ago. Firstly in late 1997 I met my mums old school teacher, who when i entered the room, looked above and also to the sides and exclaimed "my goodness, you have the most incredible aura of anyone I've ever seen in my life" this woman in 1997 was in her 70s. Flash forward to 2017, and i was attending a dinner/dance event in Devon in the UK, where a lady who sat to my right at said event and i did not know, after a little small talk, said to me most matter of factly "my goodness, you have the most incredible aura of anyone I've ever met" on both occasions i really didn't know what to do with that information, however it turns out the lady at the dinner/dance was indeed a famous psychic in the South West of the UK, which i was not aware of until after the fact, but it makes me wonder? Is any of this connected? She also told me something else that seemed interesting in that, she said i myself was highly psychic myself, I just didn't know it yet.

I really did want to submit this, as i have never knew who to approach for further investigation? You'll be aware as well as i that there are so many fraudulent people out there, who do you turn to? 

I very much hope you can help some, please feel free to ask any information, I'll be very happy to add additional details as required.

Thank you for taking the time to read my story.
