{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1974-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5181051","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"1d03gu5","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5181051,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Close approach, (#746) daylightGroup
/Category 6
Landing Trace Cases

Case Directory
Langenburg, Saskatchewan,
Canada
September 1, 1974

Richard Hall:
Time: 11:00 a.m. Witnesses: Farmer Edwin Fuhr, 36; Royal Canadian
Mounted Police Constable Ron Morier, onsite investigator. Features:
Circular (hemispherical) objects, formation flight, physical traces,
E-M effects, animal reaction.

While he was driving a swather to harvest his rape crop, Fuhr noticed
a metallic-appearing dome-shaped object about 50 feet away and stopped
to
investigate. Walking to within 15 feet of it, Fuhr saw that it was
spinning
and swirling the grass beneath it. This frightened him and he backed
away.
Climbing back on the swather, he looked around and saw four more
identical
domes "like brushed stainless steel" arranged in a rough semi-circle,
all
hovering and spinning about a foot above the ground. Whether from fear
or
an E-M effect, Fuhr could not get the throttle and steering wheel of
the
swather to respond.

One object suddenly took off, quickly followed by the other four,
ascending in a step formation. At about 200 feet they stopped, each
emitting a puff of gray vapor from exhaust-like extensions at the base.
The vapor extended about six feet, followed by a downward gust of wind
which flattened the rape in the immediate area. The objects then formed
a straight line, hovered for a minute or two, then suddenly ascended
into the low cloud cover and disappeared.

Fuhr went to the landing area and found five rings of depressed grass
swirled in a clockwise fashion. There was no evidence of heat or
burning.
Some additional circles were found in the area later that month. Fuhr
later
learned that cattle in a nearby field had bellowed and broken through a
fence
about the time of the sighting.

Royal Canadian Mounted Police Constable Ron Morier, quoted by Canadian
Press, said: "Something was there and I doubt it was a hoax. There's no
indication anything had been wheeled in or out and Mr. Fuhr seemed
genuinely scared." Later Morier told an investigator, "There is no way
that this is a hoax....Whatever was in there, it came out of the air
and departed the same way, as far as I could tell." (Phillips, 1975;
Rutkowski & Timmerman, 1992)
