{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-02-19 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485122","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74663","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4433,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/122/mufon-5485122.json","updb_database_id":5485122}
{rjl} Friend and I noticed movement in treeline on property late morning. Looked in tree next to house and both seen an unknown being observing us

My friend Warren and I were at his house watching TV on the morning of February 20th. Heard some noises that sounded like someone walking around on the hard snow outside. We looked out his balcony window and noticed movement in the treeline on the back of the property. It was around 3:30am. We watched for about 15-20 minutes and we assumed it was just an animal so we waited to see if it was a deer, fox etc. The figure was about 75-100 yards away. We couldnt identify what kind of animal it was and we closed the blinds and went back to watching TV. Moments later we heard more noises and when we looked outside again there were several figures slowly moving around. We couldnt tell exactly how many were there or exactly what they were doing. We got a flashlight and shined it at the figures and thats when we saw that they were approximately 4-5 feet tall and all appeared to be the same size and they were walking around on two legs. It was very dark and far enough away that we honestly couldn't make out faces or clothing or anything. We thought the figures could be kids messing around or something so we went out with his dog to see what was going on. By the time we walked through his house and down his stairs and got outside the figures were nowhere to be seen. His dog was acting very weird and when we went over to the area where the "people" were walking around there were no tracks or any signs of movement in the snow. We both assured ourselves that we were not crazy and that we both definitely seen something out there. We went back inside and within minutes starting hearing strange noises outside again. We opened his curtains and sure as s**t there was figures walking around again in the same area. The dog was acting very weird and putting her tail between her legs and whining. I shined the flashlight at the area and yelled "what do you want." No noise or response was heard. We then heard noises on the side of the house. We were standing right next to each other and we shined the flashlight in the tree beside his house and there was a creature with a large head in the tree looking out towards the figures moving around in the treeline. The creature turned his head toward us and looked directly at us. It had an unusually large head and eyes. The level of fear that came over me was unlike anything I have ever felt in my life. I have goosebumps covering my body this moment thinking about it. We both were scared half to death. We closed the curtains and when we finally regained the courage to open them again minutes later the creature in the tree was gone and the figures in the distance were also gone. Between the weird stuff that was happening in the area recently and what we saw in that tree, and the lights that were above the area when i left hours later I am convinced that what we witnessed was either not from this world or proof to me that Demons actually exist. I have had a weird intermittent ringing in my ear ever since that night. He contacted me last night and said that he was having electrical interference issues. We believe we had a close encounter with entities not from our everyday world. I know what we saw the other night was real and nobody can convince me otherwise no matter how crazy it sounds. My brother asked me if we were drunk or on some sort of drugs and i told him we were both stone cold sober and he just laughed it off. I really dont care if anyone believes us or if they think we are crazy because the level of fear I had that night and still get from thinking about it assures me it was real. I just thought someone else would be interested in our experience or could maybe explain to us what they were or could be
