{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503122","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55838","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2510,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/122/mufon-5503122.json","updb_database_id":5503122}
{kt}F-15's without wings

What I am about to tell you might not be of interest to you as it happened in August of 1990, and they were not UFO1s in general terms. In fact when I first viewed them I didn1t think anything was unusual, until my brain rejected the obvious, and focused on the absurd. I must also first explain that I hail from a family of pilots both private and military, so I am no stranger to all sorts of air-crafts.

It was a clear beautiful sunny day in August. I had just left Medford Oregon and was heading home to Rogue River. I was traveling on the side road that parallels interstate 5. I was approaching Gold Hill where my brother lived. I was alone with no other cars around me. It was then that I spotted two jet fighters traveling in wingman formation. So what, I have lived on and around military bases, and to me they are not that exciting any more. I did wonder why they were there as I didn1t know of any bases in that location. I then became confused as to why they were traveling so low, slow and soundless. My windows were open and the radio off, so I should have at least heard them. It was then that I got the shock of my life. They had no wings. 

Now most would tell me that I was looking at choppers on whisper mode, but there were no blades of any kind. The speed they were moving at was so slow that if I had speeded up I might have been able to pass them. Of course I am now traveling at 15 miles an hour as I can1t believe what I am looking at. I finally reached my brother1s home but alas it was not there, and I was left to watch them finally disappear in the direction of the Pacific Ocean. 

I tell myself that the military was developing a new toy that appeared to work well but never made it to main stream use. Aside from me having a 601s day dream, what do you think? Is this a note worthy flying mystery, or just a run of the mill walk in the park for our fly boys?
