{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-08-08 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547122","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"18586","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3486,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/122/mufon-5547122.json","updb_database_id":5547122}
Watched unidentified object flying erratically and very fast while on the beach and then shot off at "warp speed" and disappeared

I had a daytime sighting on an unidentified flying object this past weekend while at the beach (Sandy Hook, NJ). I decided to take a quick dip in the ocean, and was hanging out in the water and checking out the sky... there was a really cool rainbow halo (Sun dog?) around the sun, due to the lightly overcast skies. Anyway, I was watching a commercial jetliner flying through the Sun Dog (which was to the West) and thought it was pretty cool... as I was watching it, I noticed a small dark object about 1/2 or 1 mile behind the plane at what seemed to be roughly the same altitude (Maybe around 7k to 10k feet? There is a lot of air traffic at this location due to the proximity to Newark Intl & NY area airports)... the object was small since it was pretty far away... it looked like maybe the size of a small pea at arms length. It was small enough that I couldn't make out any significant details or features on it... besides the fact that it was a solid object. It was round/discoid and maybe spherical (but not sure) and was moving erratically. At first I thought "Hmmm... wow is that a large bird flying/gliding in the thermals that high in the sky?" but then the object did something that totally dispelled that theory. It stopped flying and hovered in a wobbly fashion... and then it moved VERY quickly to the left (towards the South) and stopped on a dime... it then hovered for a couple of seconds again while looking all wobbly... and then shot back over the right (towards the North) by what I could guess was a few hundred feet almost instantaneously and stopped on a dime again and hovered while looking a bit wobbly... At this point I was asking myself "What the heck is this thing????". Then as it was hovering it did a Star Trek "Warp Speed" kind of acceleration in speed and flew downwards and then back up in a "U" shaped flight pattern and just shot off and disappeared!!! When it did that I actually said out loudly "WHAT THE HELL???? WHAT WAS THAT?????" and there were a few people that were swimming in the water a few feet away from me that were looking at me like I was nuts. I stood there for a minute or two looking up at the sky to see if it would come back, but it was gone... and it never came back. At that point I rand out of the water to my wife to tell her what I saw. I have tried to think of several different explanations of what this object could have been. It was definitely a real, solid object and it seemed to be intelligently controlled. It was NOT a bird, NOT a balloon, not anything that could ordinarily be explained. I don't have any pictures or any evidence... just an explanation of what I saw... and I'm hoping that there were other reports from the area that would corroborate my sighting.
