{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-06-04 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468122","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92488","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2633,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/122/mufon-5468122.json","updb_database_id":5468122}
{jpg} Huge stationary very bright light in sky. 4 helicopters flying low in the area

I was walking home from work I heard helicopters, I looked in the sky and saw 4 different helicopters all going different directions. Then I noticed a huge light in sky, looked very bright in the west , I've seen venus look very bright in that direction but Venus isn't out this late and this thing was way brighter. I just got a new telescope so I set it up on the lawn when I got home, my walk from my work is less than 5 minutes. Through the telescope lens the light looked unwordly. To the naked eye it appeared a bright golden color kind of like how Saturn looks but much much brighter. Through the telescope it was most define tell red like dark red with a blue outliNE all around it, and revolving black circles that seemed to come around in a pulsating pattern. Sometimes the whole thing looked like , god I can't explain it, almost like arms shooting out of it, like an octopus or something but you could tell it was energy pulsating very very fast. The strangest cloud was in the sky just east of the thing, I had never seen a giant cloud in that shape. It covered alomost the whole sky I could see but it was oblong and just a huge huge cloud, with smaller streaks of clouds sticking out from the sides ofit. The cloud looked like a huge ship and was 10 million times bigger than the bright object. The object was not in the strange cloud. I watched the object through my telescope for almost 30 minutes before it began to slowly drop below the tree line. Made no sound. At one point I saw an airplane head in the direction of it but the airplane disappeared into the night sky above it. The helicopters were only present as I walked home from work. When the object disappeared I watched the very eerie looking giant cloud filling the sky and then it began to appear to dissappear like a normal cloud and I came in the house. I'm an avid sky watcher I'm always aware where the planets are. This was bigger and brighter than venus on its best day.
