{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-07-14 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505122","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53744","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3415,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/122/mufon-5505122.json","updb_database_id":5505122}
{kt}i think it was military. tell me who those guys are.

okay it was summer of 93 I'm in the Trinity Alps backcountry trails working on trail work. I'm also the farm boy so I had to have the camp fire lit at 5 in the morning everyday andthe one to put it out every night. Well this night meet my boss my c1 my friend posing and another see one from 88 backcountry trail was there at the campfire. We was the only ones up left and we were having a conversation when Jose said who who.as I look to my left above the troubles Lake I could see the UFO movie night at least nine thousand miles an hour. As it moved back and forth electro behind it like Star Trek Enterprise. And all white trail as the UFO cab moving around betrayal didn't leave. After about 10 seconds UFO wasn't a one particular pattern back and forth pattern and then it was gone. Meanwhile the trail Star Trek trailer is all white and it still left in the sky like somebody had a white pin in marked it to the list the Stars the blackness of the sky. 6 seconds later the beginning of the Star Trek entry of were started again to descend to work finished. It took that moment about 12 seconds to finish then the trailer is gone. I told my see one now tell me that wasn't your fault he didn't have nothing to say.the next morning were out working on the trail. As well working on the trail with the two men running up the hill from down the hill we're going up the mountain. I told my friend I work with Jason looking at. We stop working to watch these guys run through the trail.my main objective was to see some kind of fixing me a Army Navy airforce Marines. As a rent house dust they had white hat white t shirt white shorts black sunglasses black Beltway to 50 caliber handgun black boots.when I seen their ex Signia it was encrypted like I've never seen before I couldn't read the name and on top of that it was a fluorescent color that I could barely catch when they went past me and the color was on the hat in the shirt they had a fluorescent yellow on one side of fluorescent green on the other hand what I would like to know is who were they wearing white outfit in black uh 50 caliber handgun and uh clips. did Jason what do you think they're doing up the hill he said what do you think look at us I said yep I'm sure you're right. Well watches for hours because they didn't come down the hill till after 3 p.m. So they were up there for about 5 56 hours another thing I noticed was the week before we seen that incident there was a walk to the sleigh called Rock Lake and as we got about uh mount have to the lake we know something very bizarre about something else going on the trainees um so I don't know but it's a pretty big picture if I could give it to you somebody out there had the time to want to investigate this week to find out a lot of stuff.
