{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-06-10 21:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548617","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"9274","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2914,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/617/mufon-5548617.json","updb_database_id":5548617}
On a warm summer evening I saw heard and felt an object in the night sky. I was accompanied by friends.

I was living South Texas in a small town with a population of little more than 5,000 people. I was principal of our county-wide middle-school and the superintendent of schools was my neighbor across the street. An oilfield worker lived next door to him and the three of us would sometime sit out in our lawn chairs on the superintendent1s driveway chatting and enjoying the cool of the evening. It was a moonless night with no streetlights and looking into the starry Milky Way was a beautiful sight. Occasionally we1d spot a satellite inching across the night sky.

The superintendent1s garage was attached to the house by an opened covered walkway about 20 or so feet long. I was sitting facing south and had a good view of the sky under and over the walkway. My neighbors were facing one north and one west.
The object arose out of the southern sky and arched toward the north. It was shooting out sparks all around and making a sizzling, rapidly 1shushing1 noise It appeared to be round and spinning, but I couldn1t be sure of this or of its size and altitude.

It continued north as it approached the roof of the covered walkway, I looked straight up to see where it was going but it seemed to have disappeared. As I gazed up I realized that there was a long black shape visible only because it was silhouetted against the bright starry sky. It was jet black and as I stared I became aware of one, then a second large round port very, very dimly lighted. The sound was the most amazing part in that it was so low that I could only feel its vibration in my chest like the lowest notes of a pipe organ or far off thunder. It was like an idling motor being revved slowly and again and again.
I don1t know how long it stayed there but it began to drift toward the west. The impression I got was that it just slid sideways until it dwindled to a dot and was gone..

The three of us just sat there silently. Then I spoke up and said, 1What do you think that was?1 The superintendent replied noncommitedly, 1I don1t know.1  It was never mentioned again by any of us again. We had our reputations to consider. It was not a frightening experience.

If anyone has had a like experience, I1d like to discuss it with them.
