{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-05-01 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546617","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"21676","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2489,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/617/mufon-5546617.json","updb_database_id":5546617}
the first object was square with poles in the top, the second was triangular.

I am contacting you because I saw your program "Bucks County Flap" about all the sighthings in Pennsylvania in 2008. Cliff Thomas' description exhilerated me because I thought no one could have seen the same type of UFO as I had seen that night. It was very unusual, but he is telling the truth. I know because I saw the same UFO and I saw a secondary UFO that seemed to come from the primary. I contacted the Air Force as I didn't know who else to inform. Nothing happened. But I KNOW what I saw, and I know what Cliff Thomas saw in Bucks County PA.

I was sitting in my driveway looking at the moon through my telescope. It was about 11pm in the summer. I saw something square with a lot of poles coming out from the top of it. It was visible only against the moon. I blinked only for a second in disbelief. Then it was gone. A second later I saw a triangle shaped object coming from the location where I had just seen the first object. It flew in a very purposeful smoothe manner right across my telescope. It too was illuminated only against the moon. I reconciled myself to the fact that I had seen a satellite, and a stealth fighter or bomber. But my husband worked on the stealth when he was in the Air Force. And of all the photos I have seen of stealths, day and night, near and far, at every angle possible, what I saw was NOT a stealth. As far as the first or primary object I was perplexed. What kind of UFO would have pole like structures coming out of the top of it. That was until I and saw your depiction of Cliff Thomas' UFO. Then I knew what I had seen, and I don't feel crazy, hysterical, or confused, as some people I have told suggested. I feel vindicated! Thank you Mufon for that program. Thank you Cliff Thomas for being brave enough to say what you saw and render a chilling animated depiction.
