{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-02-20 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469617","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90901","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3846,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/617/mufon-5469617.json","updb_database_id":5469617}
{rjL} a red light then diagonal 100' below another and 100' below that a triangle that looked like a Tr-3b

I was in my backyard letting my dog out when I looked up and seen a solid red light about 500' up in the sky about the size of a golf ball. Below and slightly behind that diagonally 100' lower towards me was another red light the same as the top. Below that another 100' toward me and behind was what looked like what a TR-3B has been described as. A triangular craft of some type with bright white, yellow/gold, blue, and red lights on the bottom of various sizes and on the side of the craft. I would estimate the side was approx. 12' tall... and each side of the triangle maybe 30' long. That bottom triangle craft was just 300' above and in front of me. 
Now what seemed weird is it was like the single red lights were pulling the TR-3b. The top one appeared to be connected somehow to the lower red light but by what I could not tell but I did see a very faint outline near the red light of something that seemed to be maybe 10' wide and black that led to the red light below that. The red lights seemed to be small though like the size of a basketball about 500' up. I'd guess the size of one of those tiny cars (Le-car)...maybe actual size 15' in diameter for each red light. 
The whole thing was completely silent which considering how close it was amazed me in-and-of-itself. Now it was heading towards the Myrtle Beach Int. airport at approx. 45 mph.. very slowly but steady. Now being as my close proximity to the airport I am quite used to seeing and hearing all types of aircraft go by from commercial craft to private planes and jets of all sizes along with all types of military helicopters and jets. I have never seen anything like this. There was no sound either upon approach, as it was dead in front of me diagonally or as it departed on its way. Once it got closer to where I estimated the airport to be the red lights sped up and circled in a weird way but then was out of my sightline due to trees and distance. 
If you take a pencil and put it in the air to your upper right hand and extend your arm out.. and have the eraser end facing your direction (but not facing you)and the lead end facing away from you and downward from the eraser and then slowly move the pencil from your right to your left not changing the direction of it then you can get an idea how I seen it. Kind of like the following:

                      **

<-------                    **

                           
...and move to the left of your screen never changing direction. The top two ** representing a single red light and 100' below that again another red single light and then the triangle craft below that which was lit up like Uncle Mack on Saint Paddys Day. 
My wife was also witness to the same thing. Those two red lights were in no way, shape, or form big enough to tow that craft by any standard by what "we the people" are aware of. Especially when they were close enough that I could see they had no wings and were silent yet that is exactly what it appeared they were doing... towing the Tr-3b (or whatever the name is of the triangular craft that we have supposedly had for decades now in the shadow government.
