{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-26 22:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501617","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57422","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2978,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/617/mufon-5501617.json","updb_database_id":5501617}
Orange glowing objects seen over east Ottawa Canada

On the 26 of June 2014 at approximately 2230-2240hrs I was in my back yard which faces north setting up my telescope for a night of observing.

As I was aligning the telescope I noticed a bright orange light traveling south towards my location. It is not uncommon to see aircraft with landing lights heading in this direction however as I kept watching it appeared to be moving at a high rate of speed and in a southern direction. As it passed it remained the same orange colour from front to back and I was not able to see any aircraft marking strobe lights. I also was not able to hear any noise from the object as it passed. 

Thinking little of it I continued to set up my telescope however a few seconds later I observed another orange light, of the same size following the same flight path followed a few seconds later by a second orange craft just to the west, this second craft appeared to be catching up to the first slightly.

I was able to take a picture of the second object as it passed overhead and disappeared when it was blocked by the houses.

Seconds later another object appeared again following the same flight path. I was able to get a video with my cell phone of this object. In the video it looks like there are two craft as one is bouncing around the other however there was only one and the second light must have been a reflection in the eyepiece of the camera. Also the video makes the craft appear to shake, this was caused by me moving in the back yard trying to capture it as long as I could before it disappeared behind the houses.

I have lived in this area for almost 10 years and have an interest in aviation and familiar with aircraft flying overhead, I have never observed anything similar to these lights. Further from this area I have seen many satellites including several passes of the international space station. These objects were much larger and brighter than any satellite I have seen and as a speed reference I would say they were moving twice as fast as the iss would travel. Further the light remained consistent on all of the objects as they passed by.
