{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-10 02:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528617","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26947","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8137,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/617/mufon-5528617.json","updb_database_id":5528617}
Mimicking helicopters, airplanes and stars seems to be the deal.

During the early morning of December 10th, at about 2:30AM MT, I stepped out back behind my apartment to have a cigarette. I was on the Eastside of the building and there's an alley that has small parking lots for all of the apartment buildings on my block along with a good sized hill/field that goes up to a parking lot of a church. I happened to be standing by my car as I noticed a falling star out of the corner of my eye, looking South. As it brought my attention towards that area of the sky, 5 more falling stars shot off in random directions, leaving me excited that I had just seen 5 simultaneous falling stars! Half way through my cigarette, I moved to the front of my building where there was less light to interfere with my view of the clear sky. Standing now on the Westside/front of my building with a full view of the Southern, Western and Northern skies, I was scanning the sky for more spectacular surprises, since about 2 months before, my girlfriend and I both witnessed a star-like UFO, North of town, moving very slowly to the east and upward, disappear. After experiencing that I became more aware of what's going on in the sky, therefore, everytime I'm standing or step out in the front of my building, I automatically look towards the Northern skies to see if what we saw, is there again. I can't help but to look. What I saw in October, was a light evading my view by mimicking a star. It moved very very slowly, upward and to the east, but as it moved behind the view of a lamp post in the grocery store's parking lot across the street of mine, it'd stop dead still and I would have to shift positions of my head to locate it again. I'd move my head further right, it would move left behind the viewing of the lamp post, I'd move my head left to spot it again, it would move right behind the lamp post again...It was off in a distance but still bright and flickering green and purple, sometimes dimming for moments, a very redish orange color, then flickering again. At that point I ran inside, woke my girlfriend to look at this "light." As soon as we step outside, it was still there but motionless and less actively flickering. It looked like a normal star in the sky. My girlfriend sort of got angry that I woke her and said "It's not moving. It's a star! I think you're just seeing things..." I insisted she keep her eyes glued to this "star" because I had a feeling it would display the show it was for me, again. A minute or so pass by and next thing you know, this light starts moving towards the east and up again, still at a very slow speed, almost as if it were gliding. My girlfriend in excitement and confusion said "It looks like it moved over to the right a little!" Within seconds from her saying that, this light stopped dead in its track, elevated by a small amount and disappeared. I literally felt like falling over and it scared her to wanting to go back inside right away to "hide." I regained myself but I was very speechless at what had happened. It left me with a feeling that it knew we/I could see it, and it moving out of my view was a way to "cloak" itself from my sight because like I said, I felt it knew I was watching it. Very creepy. On the morning of December 10th, as I described above, after I moved to the Westside of my builing with the South, West and North in my view, I looked to the Northern skies. I took notice right away to a flicker, high in elevation. As I focused in on where it came from, I noticed what at first appeared to be a plane slowly floating along, again towards the East but at a very slow speed. I'm not good at determining distances in the sky, but it was pretty far up, high enough to be a plane. I stayed glued to it but noticed sort of a lag in its flashes. It would flash but not on time, as a plane or helicopter would like on a tick of a clock. As soon as it would flash and go black, it would flash again a second or so later but it would be slightly behind its initial flashes. While it continued East, there are trees in my neighbors' yard that would have obscurred its view. On one of the trees, there's a very large branch that sticks outwards towards the West, therefore, the direction of this light would first go behind that branch then re-appear in a small space of the tree, before it disappears behind all of the branches and twigs, etc. At the speed it was moving I stayed focused because it was odd and I was certain it wasn't a plane after its strange characteristics of speed and flashes. As soon as it moved behind the large branch that was poking out of the tree, I waited for it to re-appear in the small space. It should've taken a second or two, to get past the branch's cover, but nothing. I was in denial at that point, thinking "No, this can't be happening again! WTF?!" running towards the street just to spot this light again. I looked toward the direction it was going, but seconds later, I noticed it again, but way higher in altitude but the odd thing was it was a solid red light, sitting still and then finally disappearing after a couple seconds later! I again, ran inside to wake up my girlfriend, but as I entered the bedroom, she appeared to be "awake" already with her face, facing the door way and her eyes wide open. I asked if she was ok, but got no response, I walked up to her and shook her a little and asked again, but still no response and still a dead stare! That added more creepiness to what I had just seen, but then she finally rolled over and just said, "It's hot in here" then back to sleep. She had no recollection of being "awake" when I went in there or even talking to me, but seeing her with her eyes wide open for a good couple of seconds staring off into nowhere, made me feel a bit uncomfortable with the events I've witnessed. My heart at that point was pounding , I moved to each window of the apartment looking out to see if I could see anything in the sky again. I get to my kitchen window which faces the west and looked out. As soon as I took view to the western skies, I notice an odd "light", which at first, I thought was a helicopter because F.E. Warren Airforce Base is out West of town and I always see helicopters going to and from there or in that direction. I kept my sight on it moving at different rates of speed towards the North, starting at a really high altitude but then lowering as it moved along. As it lowered some more, it disappeared, again... A couple seconds pass and it re-appears higher in altitude, somewhat in the same area it disappeared at. It again started floating along, blinking at random times moving first down in elevation again, and then much higher than it was, and then coming to a complete stop in the North/Western skies. I watched it sit still, and vividly blink red at random times for about a minute, and as seconds went by after so, the blinking was gone, and I was staring at the black of the sky again. I closed up all of the blinds and went straight to bed, because of how uncomfortable that entire event turned out to be. I have a feeling that these objects/lights know that we can see them because of their evasive manuevers to get out of sight. If I wouldn't have been looking around those nights or if I wouldn't have focused in on those particular lights, it makes me wonder if they would have ever moved position in the first place. It's pretty odd stuff and makes me feel like I'm somewhat "connected" now that I keep seeing these strange things.
