{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490617","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68964","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2932,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/617/mufon-5490617.json","updb_database_id":5490617}
{nd} Tin Woodsman in my Grandfather's house

I was 4-5 years old. I was staying at my grandfather's house. I was sleeping in my grandfather's and grandmother's room. I got up at dawn to go watch cartoons (actually watch the test pattern until cartoons came on). When I went out into the main living area of the house, I saw a "being." The entity was dull or matte silver in color. It was standing about 30 feet away. It was about 4 foot tall. I estimated its height because it was standing in front of the refrigerator and was taller than I was in relation to the door of the refrigerator, but not as tall as a full grown person would be. When I saw it, it stood motionless. I could see it was wearing what looked like a suit, but the material did not appear to be cloth and did not wrinkle. It looked kind of like a robot, but without any eyes. Anyway, after a very long and uncomfortable pause of us staring at one another, it lifted a hand up in the air. Though I did not sense any malice, it's gesture did not make me feel comfortable and I immediately turned and ran back into my grandparent's room and hid between them. I did not leave the room until 3 or 4 hours after they got up. I completely missed all the cartoons that day (which was the only time in my life I ever missed saturday morning cartoons). I did have other odd experiences in that area, but I will file those separately hen I get some time. 

In direct relation to this story, I told no one of this incident until I was in my early 30s. My grandfather was a very no nonsense guy and I figured he'd think I was crazy if I told him I saw aliens in his house. When I finally got up the courage and told him about the incident, he listened very intently without comment. When I was done, he told me of an incident he had in the 1960's, in which he (and two logging crews) watched a 45 foot disk fly silently below them on a logging site for 15 minutes while they ate lunch at Camp Govey logging camp in the Olympic Mountains. He mentioned several other people that were present for that sighting, including my childhood baseball coach (Jack Mulligan of Kamiah, ID). I must admit, it was a shock to hear him talk so openly about UFOs, as he was a devout catholic and aliens and Christianity seemed incompatible to his worldviews and opinions. 

Anyway, that's my story.
