{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-15 20:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498546","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60634","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2453,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/546/mufon-5498546.json","updb_database_id":5498546}
{jd} same color as night sky,dim lights but very white, gliding, almost transparent, visible only because of glow from lights on underside, silent, moved slowly

I live in a condo on the first floor overlooking a small lake. I usually sit on my screened-in porch every night to watch planes. I live fairly close to two airports and I've enjoyed watching planes since I was a child. The sighting
of this object actually took me by surprise a little because there was no sound. If I hadn't been watching for planes I never would have seen it. When I saw it my immediate reaction was UFO because it was like nothing I had ever seen before. The whole sighting lasted no more than about 4 seconds. There were no running lights, no sound and the shape unlike any plane. It was very large, a boomerang-type shape but with more rounded edges, (I think 5) very white but dim lights on the underside which seemed to illuminate the craft. Without the lights I would not have been able to see it because it was the same color as the night sky and was very camouflaged, almost transparent-looking. It made no sound at all and looked like it was gliding more than flying through the air. It flew from left to right heading in a southeasterly direction, moving parallel to my porch. I lost sight of it when it went behind the trees on our property. For a while I remained on the porch looking for it, hoping it would come back. It did cross my mind at one point that perhaps it was an experimental aircraft headed towards MacDill Air Force Base which is in the direction it was flying. It certainly seemed to have stealth-like technology and almost appeared as if it was cloaked. The longer I stayed on my porch watching the skies the more apprehensive I became and decided to come in the house. My heart was pounding, I was shaking and it took me a while to calm myself down.
