{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-03 23:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497546","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61809","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3245,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/546/mufon-5497546.json","updb_database_id":5497546}
Linear object originating from the sword of Orion

First off, many, many thanks for your immense undertaking of co-ordinating and publishing the seemingly exponential increase (?) in sightings... We are in seriously short supply of support groups here! It seems there are still too many people afraid to speak up! 
Following the report I submitted in April 2014 (see case 55806) -
As I am an outdoor person, I spend most nights photographing the skies and, when crisp and clear I have the telescope set up. 
On 3 December at 11h05 I observed peripheral movement in the sky. I would like to think I am fairly familiar with what looks "normal"... and this was unequivocally the most exciting "craft" I have seen!
However, I cannot be sure whether it was "ours" or "theirs". 
Conditions - partly cloudy (more of a general haze which seemed to lift periodically showing a beautifully crisp clear sky). It was at one of these clear-sky-points that I observed three star-like lights, moving in perfect unison - the 3 "stars" were perfectly equidistant and in a perfect straight line. I would guess around 70 degrees above the eastern horizon moving from the north-east straight across the sky towards south-east - disappearing behind a hazy cloud. The lights were white and didn't blink. It just glided over - a smooth effortless constant motion.
The clincher however, was that it originated from Orion - more specifically from the 3 visible "sword stars" - and more astonishingly, it appeared to be the "sword's" exact replica! I couldn't even begin to guess the size, the speed, or the altitude. It made absolutely no sound. 
Despite my excitement, I felt an indescribable anxiety and I physically buckled at the knees. More interestingly though, I was transfixed and unable to move - for quite some time after it had disappeared behind the haze...
In the last few months I have noted a kind of "shift" or wobble in the skies at night. I'm not too sure how to describe this - not even "in crayons". Almost as if the stars, constellations, even the moon seem to appear nightly on the horizon either too far north or too far south. 
Furthermore, there has been a sudden appearance of bizarrely beautiful clouds (day and night) I am completely unfamiliar with. Many other utterly incomprehensible happenings and years of research have only resulted in MORE questions (a challenge :-)
That said, two of "our locals" , Michael Tellinger and Baba Credo Mutwa have struck a significant chord within - almost as if their words resonate within me as the truth or even old memories... Sadly, I feel that too few of Mr. Mutwa's words are heard...
