{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-10-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523546","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32397","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4992,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/546/mufon-5523546.json","updb_database_id":5523546}
This event occured starting with a HUGE OVAL firball streaking across the sky, followed by groups of lights when flying high were moving fast, when flying lower were much slower as if looking for something,

This sighting started as I was walking back from the grocery store with food for dinner that night. I was fifteen years old, not driving at that point, and the store was not too far from the home I lived in. This sighting occurred in the Gardenville area of Baltimore MD, as I was walking along Belair Rd., which runs North and South from Baltimore up to PA. I was walking North from Arizona Ave. to Hamilton Ave., which then leads to Kavon Ave. which was the street I lived on. Kavon Ave. ran parallel with Belair Rd., Arizona Ave. and Hamilton Ave. run perpendicular to Belair Rd. At the corner of Belair Rd. and Arizona Ave., you can see well to the horizon as it is at the top of a hill, which then goes down into a valley at Hamilton Ave, then back up the hill to White Ave. The object I first saw, was coming through the atmosphere from SouthEast to NorthWest running diagonally across Belair Rd. The object was a HUGE football shaped oval, with different colors in each quadrant, and a long fiery tail, with a burning corona around the entire object. It reminded me of a toy called Simon Says, which has different colors in each quadrant. I was stunned at what I saw, as I had NEVER seen anything like that, and at that moment in time thought it was just a huge meteor coming through our atmosphere, although that thought changed as the next part of the story evolved. After digesting what I had just seen, I was anxious to get home and tell my parents. I then came down Hamilton Ave. to the base of my street (Kavon Ave.), and stopped to talk with two of my friends standing in front of their houses at the corner of Hamilton Ave. and Kavon Ave. We were engaged in conversation about things in general, and me telling them what I had just experienced, when at treetop level a group, (8-9) discs flew over our heads. They were yellowish/white in appearance, much like if you dimmed down a light bulb, or the headlight of trains of that time. My two friends did not get a good look at them as their backs were to the discs. By the time I directed them to look, the discs were gone, and my friends chalked it up to Racing Pigeons. One of our neighbors had racing pigeons, but what I saw WAS NOT pigeons, AND he never flew his birds at twilight, or at night, so I KNEW it was not his pigeons. I then went to my house and told my parent what I had experienced. At that point I then noticed a neighbor from across the street watching the sky. I joined him, and what we saw at that point was amazing. Groups of lights, (five to fifteen in number) in formation, not in V formation, or box formation, but in a group as if you were to throw a handful of pebbles and the formation they would stay in until gravity brought them down. When they were higher they were moving quite quickly, and when lower, they moved slower as if looking for something. These groups came in approximately twenty minute intervals, moving in the same direction as the very first object I had seen initially. This sighting occurred from just at twilight until after midnight. The entire neighborhood had come out to watch at various times through this period. We called the newspapers, and the police, only to be laughed at, so no one came out nor ever followed up to my knowledge. Then one loan light came from the North, stopped dead, made a right angle turn and with a great deal of speed left in the same direction as all the rest. The way I would describe the entire experience would be as if one of our aircraft carriers was lost while all aircraft were deployed, and then they returned only to find the ship missing, then going on a search to find it. I have never reported this until now. It's just been a story I have carried with me my entire life. I have a strong interest in the possibility of UFO's, and have never seen any reportage of this sighting from any source. I thought it was time for this to be put on the record. It has also been bugging me wondering if this is connected to the incident in Kecksburg PA, which occurred around the same time, and in the same direction from Baltimore. I've never been able to connect the dots of the two sightings, but have always wondered if they were connected.
