{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-31 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521546","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34700","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4175,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/546/mufon-5521546.json","updb_database_id":5521546}
UFO Over Geelong New Year's Eve

On new year1s eve 2011 my partner and I were at a restaurant on the water front in Geelong Victoria Australia for dinner and to have full view of the fireworks. Just before the first fireworks event at around 9:15pm we were waiting, along with a restaurant full of people, for the fireworks to commence as they were set to commence at around 9:30pm when I was looking out across Corio Bay and I saw a bright light about the size of my fist out over the water adjacent the oil refinery. The light was stationary and I thought it was either a helicopter or a plane coming towards us but looking at it, it looked stationary, this is why I thought it was some sort of aircraft coming towards us. When all of a sudden the light very quickly moved downwards and to the left in a U shape and back to its original position then it did the same thing but this time it moved to the right in the same manner, a U shape. It did this for about four or five times and I was trying to rationalise this in my head and I thought that someone must have had a light on a string or something but quickly realised that that would be impossible as the light was over the water over the bay and the land on either side would have been over 3 kilometres or more from where the light was. The light then started dancing always keeping the same right to left formation at a very fast pace and I realised that there was no way any aircraft could manoeuvre like this. Then it went back to its original stationary position and hovered there for around thirty seconds and then it just switched off. Just like if someone had switched off a light bulb and I did not see it again. About four of five minutes later the fireworks started and when for about 20 minutes. Once it was over there was a table of approximately ten people just in front of us (the table in the photo with the UFO) and one of the guys started to talk to me about UFO1s. I found this a bit strange that a stranger would start talking to me about UFO1s but none the less I listened and I said to him that I also believed in UFO1s and I asked him if he had seen the one over the bay before the fireworks began. To my surprise he said he had! I then said to him 1You are joking! You are just saying that!1 I did not describe anything that I had seen as I thought he was going to make fun of me. Then he started to tell me what he saw and his description was exactly the same as what I had seen. We spoke a bit more and then we went back to our meals.

The next day I was at home downloading the photos I took of the afternoon/evening and as I was reviewing them I noticed that two of the photos has something in them that I did not notice or see when I took the photo. The first one at the table setting: the object is to the right hand corner and the second one is in the shot of the helicopter taking off above the left propeller, it is a bit more faint but none the less there seems to be something there.

Now I do not have any photo program to explore the images to see if they were a UFO or some sort of aircraft so I was wondering if anyone has a program that can make the items in the photos clearer. These photos were taken about one and a half hours before I saw the bright light dancing in the sky. I would really like to know if these are unidentified or not. Thank you.

Christian Heurteau
