{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-05-15 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483546","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76330","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4063,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/546/mufon-5483546.json","updb_database_id":5483546}
{cak} two grey lead colored objects with solid green lights - 1st object isosceles triangle shape & 2nd was rectangular

First, I am filing this report some 38 years after my experience because I have never seen or read any other reports that describe the two objects I witnessed. So, I thought the information might be of some value to others.

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? 

Laredo, TX in Spring of 1978. It was late evening (11:30pm-ish) and I was outside talking to my girlfriend on the phone. Because it was late, I carried the phone out to the patio so as not to disturb anyone in the house. I laid down on a lawn chair and was looking up at the clear night sky. Weather was warm 75*F, few clouds, no noticeable wind. If I had been sitting up, I would be facing due east.

2. What made you first notice the object?

As I was looking up at the sky & talking on the phone, I caught a glimpse of what looked like a ball of light coming out of a nearby street light. It was about 4 inches in diameter, never faded or blinked, & floated west through the yard at about 2 mph, until I lost sight of it some 8-10 seconds later. Looking back, I think this is likely a ball of plasma that possibly came out of the street light. Immediately after that, I noticed two rats crawling along a nearby overhead utility wire headed in the same direction as the plasma ball. I then looked back up & the first object shaped like an isosceles triangle was silently gliding overhead at a speed of about 20 mph, approx 300 feet directly above me (give or take 1-2 degrees east).

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?

I had no thought as to what the object was at that moment, I was mesmerized & at the same time trying to process and identify what I was seeing with something familiar and recognizable. Though nothing about it was familiar or identifiable to me as would be a balloon, helicopter, plane, RC hobby craft of some sort, a blimp, etc. 

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.

- There were two objects, triangular object first followed by a rectangular object appx 3/4 mile behind the triangular object. My immediate impression on seeing the second object was the triangular object was "towing" it somehow.
- Both objects' surface had the color and sheen of pencil lead/graphite with a matte finish.
- Both objects had steady, solid green lines of light shining through or imbedded in the surface of the object. There were no spots or specific points of light and no moving, blinking, flashing or dancing lights. No lights of any other color except green. 
- Both objects were at an altitude of about 300 feet above ground.
- Both objects traveled approx 20 mph, due north as if they were tracing the path of nearby N Bartlett Ave.

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.

I was quite literally dumb stricken, riveted, mouth open, eyes fixed on the triangular object, probably not blinking, until my view was blocked by some trees. I then turned my gaze back to looking straight up again & saw the second rectangular object directly overhead. Same color on it's surface & lights but shaped as a rectangle. The two objects were each about as long as a railroad freight car, maybe a bit larger. 

6. How did you lose sight of the object.

Both objects maintained their speed and heading until I lost site of them behind some trees.
