{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-21 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513546","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44724","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3563,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/546/mufon-5513546.json","updb_database_id":5513546}
4 groups of three orange orbs/lights each, forming triangles one after the other.

four sets of 3 glowing orange orbs traveling northwest coming from south. First set of 3 were visible along with a few other orange lights in the distance. I didn1t know at first that they were a set of three until they got a little closer. Then I saw it clearly that they were traveling in a line. Each set of 3 had one orb in front with two behind it, each set of 3 forming a triangle. a perfect triangle with equal angels. Each set of three was exactly the same. Each group was spaced the same distance apart from each other. They followed eachother in a line. They didn1t change direction or speed. traveled relatively slowly. They were slightly bigger than average stars, obviously not stars. Orange lightly twinkling but not much, but never fading or disappearing. They were all the same size. When they looked like they were in a clump they were maybe at 30 degrees off the horizon and then at their closest I would guess they were 60 degrees or so from the horizon, like 4 or 5 mins later. But at about 40 degrees I could see their formation. No noise. One other witness. after about 4 mins of seeing them, clouds came over head and blocked them from view. 

I was heading across the street to my partners house to spend the night. As I tried to enter her house with my key I looked up into the sky as I often do to check out the stars. That1s when I saw them. I thought they were ufos for sure. I didn't think anything else could explain it. I was so excited and completely mind boggled! I knew it was the 21st of December and immediatly thought of the whole end of the world thing but wasnt scared. I was excited and frenzied to get another witness and to video tape it. So dissaponted that we didn't get a video or picture. Im so glad she saw them too. I saw maybe 8 orange lights at first. Then I tried to enter her house. I pounded on the door for her to come out and see it. She took a minute to get out there. By that time I could clearly tell they were in sets of three. they were closer at this point. I immediately got out my cell phone to video them but my cell phone camera is bad. My partner tried to video with her camera, don1t know if anything came out. I ran to my house to get my camera and ran out into the street to try to video it. couldn1t get anything. The fog or clouds came in and blocked them from view. Afterwards I called the non-emergency line and described what I saw. He gave me the phone number of the the national ufo center. I called and reported it to Peter Davenport. Next my partner and I wrote up independant reports of what we saw. Then we both individually made a report to ufocenter.com 

Today we heard that they may have been those chinese lanterns. That is a possibility but the thing that makes me not belive that necessarily is the formation they were in. The 4 groups of three lights each was very uniform and seemed evenly spaced apart.
