{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517546","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40262","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2589,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/546/mufon-5517546.json","updb_database_id":5517546}
Bright orange globes, flame like light. Flew in formation; constant speed.

We were outside in our backyard watching distant fireworks. The fireworks were almost over. My niece said "I wonder what the hell that is?" I looked up and saw a bright orange orb that at first I thought was probably Mars. Then we noticed it was moving slowly up from the horizon. Then more of the orbs appeared in a "V" formation coming up from the same spot on the horizon. There were probably six orbs in the "V". The rest of the orbs were single in no apparent formation. I yelled for my husband to come out. The orbs slowly crossed the sky, holding in formation and at a constant speed. More appeared from the same spot on the horizon and followed the same path at the same speed. I looked through binoculars, and the impression I got was "fire." As the first orbs got past the mid-sky range, they began to flicker out, but sometimes came back and then flickered out again and finally disappeared. All in all Id say we saw about 20 orbs. Only one orb at the very tail end of the event broke out of the path and went off towards the west. The primary path of all the orbs was from north to south. 

I felt instinctively that I was seeing something Id never seen before; my gut feeling was that it was something highly unusual and that it was quite probable that these were UFOs. I have never had a UFO sighting before. The only physical reaction I felt was a tingling in my spine. After the event was over, we all came in the house and didn't discuss it. Later that night as I was falling asleep, it hit me how unusual the sighting was and I again felt the tingling in my spine and the feeling that I had seen UFOs. 

We did not get pictures or video of the event, but a youtube search brought up several videos of orange orbs exactly like we saw, except for the "V" formation in our sighting. Here is a youtube video link that shows the same lights we saw: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kQbZvAID8wI
