{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1984-07-15 12:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519546","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37348","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3407,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/546/mufon-5519546.json","updb_database_id":5519546}
round silverish smooth

i was at home, with my wife at that time across the bridge at pence springs wv. first house on the left.best guess is noon. watching tv. the light through the window went dim, like a cloud came over. so i got up to look outside there is a little porch with a roof so i went out into the yard and looked up there right in front of me. about 100 ft. away and comming toward me was this round silverish thing. it looked to be about 50 75 ft. in the air i ran back opened the door and yelled to my wife to come see this. we went into the yard and just stared at it it moved slowly very slowly until it was over head. now, if you take a dinner plate and hold it at half an arms lenth over your head. thats about it i don't know the direction it came from or went because i don't know the comppase dir. for that spot i could go there and find out if your interested but it turned slowly to the right and started to cross the river it was in plain sight my wife said " it is isnt it?" i said yea, so? she said. "well it bothers me" i didn't care. it was just great to me. there was a tall tree beside the river. i said look! its going to hit the top of that tree! but it didn't that when i noticed it was higher than i thought. it moved so slowly. we got tired and sat on the steps seemed to take hours. i told her to get the camera she did but no film. we had just had a baby. so and besides we were on welfare so no money either i started to go across the river to a store to get film plus, tell somone but was afraid i would miss it, and it would be gone, when i got back. so. i looked around for a neighbor. all were at work! there was nothing i could do at all.we didn't have a phone. so we just watched it. it slowly went across the river and we would back up a step watch it move behind the trees then back up another step. until we were standind up on tippy toes. at that point. i said lets drive across the river and park and watch it come across so we jumped in the car raced across the bridge and never saw it again!!! where the hell did it go? also as we looked for it there were small jet planes comming from every direction high in the sky. i said look at all the jets!! but that wasnt the oddest thing if it was 12 i know it took only about 20 or 25 min. for this to take place when we turned around to go back, we were hit with a flood of cars. going home. we got back home and i noticed it was 530 in the evening it was quitting time!! at the time i guess we thought it took that long. but now i know there is no way it was there 5 hours!! at least i don't see how. and no cars at all came by my house for 5 hours? beats me! any way i havent seen my ex since 87 but i know where she lives..so i guess thats it.wish i knew the compass points. but i don't sorry.........Eli
