{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-20 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489546","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70065","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2728,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/546/mufon-5489546.json","updb_database_id":5489546}
{dr}Large object in flight with 2 similar, horizontally parallel, green lights.

I was attending a concert at Red Rocks Amphitheater on June 20, 2015. Between 9:30 and 10:30 PM I pulled out my phone to simply take a picture of the city lights from the Denver-Metro area looking East from the venue. I did not notice or see the object at all when I was taking the picture. I only noticed this flying object after I went back into the gallery of my photos a couple days later and noticed a strange flying craft up above in the sky. I was unable to observe the actual flight pattern or direction the craft was following which I really wish I could describe. 

When I first looked at the picture I thought it was simply an airplane or possibly a helicopter but after looking closely for a minute, the distance that this object seemed to be compared the size of a typical airplane or helicopter did not feel right. To me, a plane or helicopter would have been much smaller and possibly flashing red/white/yellow lights like they typically would during a night flight. 

When zooming in to the picture it becomes far too pixelated to make out an exact shape of the craft. However, there are 2 distinct lights visible in the image that are parallel to each other horizontally. The lights are a lighter, almost turquoise, green and within what visible in the picture, appear to bear rotating in a counter clockwise direction, in sync with one another. There also appears to be a another light that is much less vibrant than the other 2 coming off the right side of the image. 

There appears to be a physical craft attached to these apparent, green lights, and I can almost make out the shape of a tail to the craft but it is not definite. 

I would really just like to know what I could have potentially captured, be it a military vehicle, a commercial flight, or whatever it could be. I really just wanted someone to tell me I'm crazy and that this has a simple explanation. 

Thank you for taking the time to read my submission.
