{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-02-15 19:26:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286546","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116836","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4594,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/546/mufon-5286546.json","updb_database_id":5286546}
Two side by side massive triangle craft hoovering over the American River Confluence

On February 15th, 2019, my fiance, my mom and I were returning home to Placerville after having picked up the keys to the new house we were moving into, from the property management company we were renting from in Sacramento.

There was a massive snowstorm in the Sierra Mountains which has caused both highways 80 and 50 to be closed temporarily, which caused massive traffic on highway 49 which runs between 50 and 80. It was also the way we had to go home.

I don't do well on winding roads so I opted to take the Foothill Bridge road to get to 49. It's still a very curving winding road but not as bad as the main road.

The road winds down to the American River Confluence where the North and Middle forks of the American River join.

(On a side note, we are smackdab in the heart of gold country, and there are massive deposits of gold and quartz up here.)

I was driving my fiance's truck and my fiance was in the front passengers seat and my mom and (at the time) four year old great nice were in the back.

As the road was winding down toward the river, I could see all the traffic clogging highway 49 due to the highway closure. The headlights of all the cars were visible as they travelled highway 49. I was watching the traffic as I drove, and rounded a bend that has been blocking the veiw of the confluence, and right there in the sky, directly in front of us, about 200 feet above the confluence, and above all the seemingly oblivious traffic, were two massive triangle craft!

The one on the left was solid black with three super bright white lights at each point of the triangle. And right next to it was another equally massive triangle craft that was totally lit up. The entire underside was lit with an amberish yellow light. It was so huge and well lit that the surface looked like it had duct work of sorts. There were storm clouds in the sky but not enough to hide the size of the two craft.
If I were to estimate the size of the two craft they had to each be the size of four or five football fields. They were HUGE!!! Much larger than anything we know of here on earth.

My first reaction upon seeing it was total shock and I slammed on my brakes not even thinking about the fact that I was on a dangerous road and that there were car behind me.

I wanted to find a place to pull over and watch it, but there wasn't a safe place to so so.
And what was weird was my mind seemed to get totally scrambled, I couldn't concentrate enough to find a safe pullover spot. I am normally VERY level headed and calm, but in this case I could only manage to keep us on the road and driving forward. It NEVER even occured to me to get my phone and take pictures or video. 
It was like I literally had my common sense wiped out.
While I was being confused and trying to find a safe place to pull over we were still able to see the two craft. They were so massive there was no way to NOT see them. But it seemed like we were the only ones that saw them. No other drivers seemed to even notice them.
As we for closer to where the craft were hovering, I suddenly just wanted to leave, as did we all.
So we continued on our way home, crossing the confluence and heading up 49 toward Placerville, all the while watching the craft which were now behind us to our left due to the direction of the road.
This whole encounter lasted about 10 minutes and the craft never moved, I have no idea how long they were there after we left the canyon.

And I could kick myself for not having been more calm and composed during the encounter. 
I've rehashed the whole thing in my mind dozens of times since that night and am partially convinced my human mind couldn't handle what we were seeing, it was too real and fantastic for my brain to process.

I've had numerous UFO sighting in my lifetime, (my finace and his entire family have also had multiple sightings) but this was one of the biggest.
