{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-12-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492888","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66636","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":17999,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/888/mufon-5492888.json","updb_database_id":5492888}
{cak} Orbs of various sizes (abducted willingly) traveled through Space

I have written a book about 40 years traveling with a Country Singing Legend. When the 512 page document was presented to a trusted editor, I was told to remove the following as the book wouldn't be seen as creditable, so I may, although it has a few more edit steps, here is what I wrote:

This next part of the book has nothing directly to do with Willie,the industry,family nor friends. However it affected me deeply, when I first told the experience to (Name omitted for this report) daughter , (Omitted her name for this report), she wept. She was familiar with my belief in God and the bible (Not religious), so when I explained the story it appears I might have been wrong. In my opinion, everyone else is wrong with regard to the titles and names they associate with their respective religions. If in fact they would change a few names and admit to the truth in a few of the stories they encounter (like Mormons and Scientologists) we all would be on the same page with the same God. Most reading this will of course dismiss or even challenge the experience as a dream or a lie, I promise you on my dead mother's grave, the experience was real and my descriptions are as real and truthful as I can fathom. If I admit to the experience, that in it's self equates the truth - why would I lie or admit it. That part does relate to the teachings of (Singer and Drummer Name omitted) They instilled upon me never to lie, always speak the truth even if it is wrong. Just admit to the fact , own up to the truth and all can be forgiven, a trait I have held onto ever since I witnessed it from the outside looking in So here I go, for the first time I am telling the masses about this extreme experience one can only wish for and few have experienced. It would be a book in the Bible if it had happened then and the way I read it, it in fact happened more than once to those included in it.	
								If it were a dream or otherwise fantasy, I could have created at a moment's notice. I would relive the experience every day until there were no days left, it isn't something I can ask for it just happened and it happened More than twice. I am writing a lot here as it frightens me somewhat to tell the experience out of fear of ridicule, not of me but them. So here I go; 

It was December 12th or 17th, 2005 and I'm alone in my condo in Dallas. I like a dark room to sleep in so there is zero light in the bedroom with all windows blacked out so no light may enter. All electronic lights are covered in tape and the door is a huge solid core door in a metal frame so it does its job, the point being, my man cave is pitch black. It's about 8 or 9 pm , I'm single and alone. I climb into bed, and I see something floating in my peripheral. I have always noticed this object even during the day, but until that night never really focused on it as I thought it was just one of the floating eye images that most have. The difference now is the fact moving my head or eyes doesn't effect the location of this object. I close my eyes and I can still see what appears as an Orb surrounded by others, My minds eye sees the same as my optical vision does, it's so cool. Not really understanding at this point, I turn out the table lamp and the room goes completely dark. I start to concentrate on the Orb and it becomes more and more clear to what it's shape really is, the colorless and foggy image now becoming clear , and colorful. In a telepathically induced prod, I speak out in a loud voice, "HI!" 
						Now the Orb springs to life and the colors start to change, it bursts into its self and I now see two groups of all white objects around the center, larger color enhanced Orb. The inner group are round white Orbs and it appears to me or again I am told telepathically they are the subservient of the main Orb , much like servants , cleaners or the Orb's entourage. The outer ring of beings, are more elongated or rectangular with curved edges, these are the protectors and security. When I spoke the word "HI", these beings went crazy and I got a sense that were telling the main Orb to leave as they are never to interact with a human like what was happening now, this is when the Orb exploded into full view and rich vibrant colors . The nucleus of the Orb is best described as a dandelion flower shape and texture, very intricately laced in design. The next patterned ring was a thin saw toothed black color. Then two outer rings of color, the inside ring was yellow and the outer ring changed colors as it communicated with me and its entourage of subservience, angry it would glow red, at rest remained dark blue. The Orb telepathically signals to me that they have always been here and always will be. 

Some would call it a guardian angel or even a conscience, the other beings scurry about as they encircle and protect as if to say you can't tell him that, The Orb's outer ring explodes into a violent red and they instantly calm themselves. And then returning to the calming state of blue. Each of these rings are outlined in a small band of black jagged edges though all bands are fluid and the outlines somewhat jagged like the Iris of an eye. In the ambient color of rest or blue it was almost like the cornea and pupil of an eye (without the outer white area) or nucleus. The outer ring would react much like a mood ring depending on the 1voice1 or temperament to it's surrounding atmosphere or situation, changing colors that all understood, even me. At rest looking like a rich blue eye (omited).

Also so prevalent in the alien Aryan race typically associated with the Grey and allegedly from the star cluster Pleiades1s. Not being able to do anything but watch closely in awe, I was told without words to 1go get a glass of water and go to the restroom, it was going to be a long night1. Many would at this point react in total fear and fright, I on the other hand am now in total amazement, I'm laughing at the prospect of communicating and embodied with a close encounter of the 4th kind, move over Spielberg, I have the real deal. So I get out of bed, go to the kitchen, use the facilities and hurry back to my bedroom and climb back into bed, sitting up with my back to my headboard and my legs covered with the blanket apparently effected by light, they were fuzzy and a dull white, I turn the lights out and it appears instantly in vibrant colors, (the others remain white with no other features) without the need to concentrate as before, it's there, right in front of me. I'm all giggles and keep repeating my short welcome and it comes closer and brighter, each ring of color more vibrant by the second. The being has now made it clear it is in control and the other mono-colored white creature are now following the path set by the main Orb. I reach my hand out as if to touch the object. It comes ever closer and soon lands on my outstretched hand. The other others follow close. I start to lower my hand and bring it closer to me, it rests in my palm and follows my hand downward. I am now in total awareness as to its presence. 

The Orb is a bright glowing rainbow of color, pure energy is the best description. It is bright and I can't take my eyes off of it. I also am aware that even though it is glowing brightly, it gives off no reflective or ambient light, (100% efficient) it does not light up my body. As it starts to encircle my hand and arm, when I see it turn and go behind my hand and arm that part blocks the light and is the only way I know it's left and returned , much like an eclipse. The other beings also follow the Orbs lead and start to engulf my naked skin as if to draw all the negative energy and instill positive energy in exchange. I start to get cold like from "Goose bumps"and lay flat and cover my body with the blanket, they all seem to disappear, so as soon as I take the blanket away, they instantly reappear from where they were before. My mind is racing with joy as to what is before me, the Orb now moves directly in front of me about 1 or 2 feet as the followers begin their task of making what I describe as a cocoon, it starts from the left to the right in a transparent alligator like skin and entirely covers my body in this substance. Once covered I don't see anything but the main Orb in front of me, the others have either vanished or they themselves are the skin that encases my body. 

The Orb begins to move forward and is now about five to six feet in front of me and is the size of a large grapefruit, about six to eight inches across.(where while touching me it was golf ball size. I promise you this is not a dream I am wide awake and my concentration has never been more focused . I am in deep thought and in a meditative state of being, laser focused on the Orb in front of me. If this wasn't grand enough, then the truly awesome part starts. As we begin to move forward. Now I can't say that my physical body is moving but I can't say it is not (I now can't or at least don't move), as the room is in total darkness we are just moving forward and upward, the Orb stays directly in front of me, always seemingly about six to eight inches across, the bed an I start shaking and a huge vibration or resonating frequency encompasses me and my translucent skin of protection. 													

We are continuing to make a forward and upward movement and the speed grows faster but as in a vacuum, no wind is felt and the movement is very fluid. We are now traveling in some form of "hyper speed", much like in Star Trek where stars are racing by as you race forward and by them, the shaking and trembling vibrations are now gone and in the first time of my long painful life , I feel no pain, this was the most interesting part of the voyage , no pain, I am in heaven, no pain like a 100% healthy new board must feel. 
											The Orb stays directly in front of my vision and doesn't sway from its position, although I can sense that it is getting further away from me, but appearing to be and remain the same size visually. It is growing expediently larger while keeping its size relative to its position in front of me. We now start to decrease in speed and what I describe as floating to a stop, not sudden nor lunging , just a smooth arrival in a calm and zero G fashion. Out of my left peripheral I can see what must be a planet, it is just almost out of sight but visibly round and a brownish orange color, it is large and fills my left peripheral line of sight, the space is dark but stars are all around us, we have traveled into space an incalculable distance in mere seconds, time has left my conscience mind, so I'm not sure really, but we are in fact in space now in Orbit to what must be the Orb's planet. 

I can't take my eyes off this majestic creature in front of me, that now is huge but it's distance creates the same size visually as it did throughout the journey, it has to be many feet up to a mile away and maybe that same in circumference while maintaining it same visual size as it did in the bedroom before we left. Time passes but not much before two bolts of white light races toward the Orb, these beings or energy Orbs are the same size and dimensions of the colored Orb, but all white. The feeling I get from them is anger, as they are insistent that this encounter should not have happened and I was not to come any closer to them or the plant to the left, again now filling my complete left peripheral. They begin to encircle the colored Orb and race around it much like a gyroscopic light in motion encompassing an orbit around the Orb, the energy that is created can only be describe as atomic, faster and faster they travel. Now the light that has started to generate is a bright bluish white as bright can be. Then and explosion of energy and burst of pure white light is the result, the colors have ceased to exist, the three have now become one like a new star is born.

And from that light emerges, in a horizontal position , the image, the being, it is a Grey, I can only see the right half of (him), but it is a stereotypical smooth skinned Grey, the big oval black eyes we are accustom to seeing that for some reason frightens people that are chosen to witness. I am now overwhelmed with joy, spender and peace.

From that image I am made aware that yes, they exist, they are here and they are the "Creator" of life and that my belief in their existence should now be fortified and embraced as true, they have always been and always will be, then in an instant my motion is reversed, I return to my bedroom, again sinking , floating without G force into my bed though this time without the vibration or shaking, the translucent skin like bubble is gone and I'm back home, alone in my room with only my thoughts and memory of what just happened, the pain regains its strength and I have returned to my body or bed as before. 

This is where the tears of joy started. (Singer's daughter) asked me two questions that I could not answer, "could I see my legs below me and how much time had passed". All I could tell her is that I was pain free, like a perfect new born baby no pain, no memory, no negativity, just pure humanity and energy. Now with the knowledge that they have always been here and they will never leave, I was touched by what can only be describe as the true Creator, my religious foundation, my belief. My truth. 	
																			I don't often recall dreams once I awake , in fact I can only think of two at this point in my 59 year life, this isn't one of those two. I love to dream as I can often recant and incarnate a great dream , take off from where it left off, or if it's a bad dream, knowing I'm dreaming, can just awake, killing those within. This joyous encounter I can not make return, no matter how I try, for it isn't a dream. 

A few years later, while on the road, these being did recall me. Now for the second time,I had another encounter. Like they said, they have been and always will be here. Many times I can see as they pass through my peripheral or even enter my center of vision, though for only an instant never able to stop or interact with them, as if they are just checking on me. However this time , another very physical interaction was about to happen. The main being from before entered my field of vision, though this time from behind, as if to appear from the walls and room next door. It wasn't accompanied by its worker bees or security detail, it came alone. Though so I thought, it did acknowledge my verbal welcome with a change of color like before and I knew something special was about to take place and it did. Little time went by when again from behind, unlike the non admitting light Orb, his friend or companion filled its path with red light, and like before only in its self contained area not admitting a red glow in the entire room nor objects it passed. There wasn't "a being" present as its counterpart just a red glow almost like a spotlight would give when shown on the floor, just without the beam that created it.


Once they were both in front of me, without warning or touching me, my arms in an impossible method (I have tried to duplicate in theory or even explaining it through physical animation). As if without bone, they were thrust behind my head upward and behind in a single motion. I was laying down with my head against the headboard and now my arms were between the mattress and the wall behind me, with my hands now touching the floor. No pain so I began to laugh out loud. Once secure in this position they proceeded to the foot of the bed and Big Red as I refer to (him), began making a motion back toward my upper body. This time however, I came to the next morning and didn't recall anything that had happened during their presumed exploration or exam or journey. My arms back to my side, no muscle pain that would be expected from such a forced position. I was however still giggling in laughter at the awe inspiring experience that had returned. 																

So although UFOs may be speculated,( with most explained by real knowledge of military capacity that discounts most sightings, i was vice president in a small defense company and we were privileged to work on the building of the Stealth B-2 Bomber), these beings or energy fields, did not need a craft , wings or other encapsulated form of transportation to move about in our world nor theirs. I have made attempts to find other encounters describing similar actions without success. I find it insulting to the Orbs, not me, that people claim to photograph their existence that can be scoffed away as mere dust captured in the light of the camera's flash. I am not saying others are not experiencing this glorious energy source nor that it is not possible to photograph their existence. I just haven't seen the proof ( I have attached a very crude depiction of the Orb captured from a nucleolus video on TV) I am aware my encounter is far from evidence and that skeptics may or will laugh at my encounter. I don't need their satisfying gestures to know what I experienced was of my Creator and in my opinion yours and theirs as well.
