{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-01-25 20:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462888","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98075","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3551,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/888/mufon-5462888.json","updb_database_id":5462888}
{jpg} black triangular craft spotted in OPKS. blue/green lights. hovered overhead, saw craft in detail

I was driving home from dinner with my 4y/o daughter. Got to my neighborhood and a glimmer in the sky caught my eye. It was very, very bright with a green/blue color to it, and from the initial quick glance I honestly thought it was a glare and wrote it off as such. 
I continued home, turned into my cul-de-sac (just 30secs away from initial catching of attn). I saw two bright lights, greenish-blue, parallel to each other (mimicking a military helicopter, with the parallel and straight form) hovering steadily. The lights weren't flashing, though. it was still and so silent. 
Something randomly hit me subconsciously, and the hair on the back of my neck stood up.
The, what i thought was helicopter, seemed to be 3mi out at that point. I immediately grabbed my phone and fumbled to the rec. button. And as soon as i raised my phone to rec, the aircraft instantly moved. I was spotting it in the south, it was hovering steadily, no flashing of its green/blue lights, just hovering (thats why I thought it was just a helicopter at first. via perspective). As soon as i lifted my phone to rec what i was seeing the craft turned and sped towards me and my daughters direction. 
By the time I realized that this thing was a triangle shape, it was slowly gliding over us, about 1000ft up. It was completely silent. my initial thoughts were a giant drone, but it was eerily quiet out. 
It slowly moved over my head, no sound, triangular shaped, back two 'wing lights' were lit up with greenish blue lights, the rest of the craft was illuminated somehow, just not externally. It very well could have been the extremely bright and vivid lights of the crafts wings.
As the object moved overhead towards the north, I got a good look at its underside. it was ribbed like strips of metal work or the belly of a turtle. the material the ship was made of wasnt shiny or prone to glare like metal. it acted more like paper or plastic, but it undoubtedly had the resemblance of the resilience and toughness of metal. 
As it passed over my head, it began blinking the green and blue lights, now including red center light. It stoppped about 100yds out, backed up, did an elongated turn and continued north, still flashing its lights. 
Ive never came across such an equally terrifying exp. and curiosity spiking exp. 
My daughter was freaked out. SHe calmed down fine after a bit. Had my dog sitter tell me , with out speaking of what happened to her (Im seriously a bit freaked out and still don't want to come off as insane as i know i sound lol), apparently my dog was unapologetically barking at the sky and very upset and something outside, heavily indicating the sky. This was 20 min before I came home and had my exp. Exar9uperience lasted, in all, around 5 min.
