{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-06-05 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486888","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72805","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5183,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/888/mufon-5486888.json","updb_database_id":5486888}
{rjl} True Experience revealed for first time. How will history remember me?

It was Graduation night 1993. The night sky was quite impressive that night, a true site to see. I remember scanning the night sky thinking how this would be my last night home. I had walked to the end of the drive-way. I was a delayed entry Soldier that the very next day was going to boot camp. It is when I turned to look back towards the house, that something stood out to me. The stars were gone in my view and disappearing. Then came the lights. I estimate the light panels to have been 12 tall and 6 foot wide, touching seem lessly side by side. This was a circular type craft so these giant light panels were on the outside edge. They started in a clockwise motion very slowly. The colors they were giving off was mesmerizing and beautiful. My focus then shifted to the bottom of this craft. Running lights had come on, but not as you would expect. The glow came from crevices and glowed on the bottom. What I am staring at is not metallic in nature, it is stone. Rocks the size of a cargo container or a semi tractor trailer. The entire circumference of the craft I estimate to be the size of a football stadium. The rocks on the bottom were not smooth but jutting at various angles but seemingly as an upside down pyramid with no tip. The craft slowed to a stop above me. As I face my home, the craft floated in at treetop level from the west. There was no sound. A buzz or energy seemed to be in the air. My next memory I am now facing in the direction North watching it slowly creep over a row of trees. It had done a change of trajectory over my head. I ran into the house and found my father more than a bit pissed. Saying he had been all around the house yelling my name. 30 minutes had passed. My father has not really ever talked to me since that night. I often wondered if he might have seen something. In boot camp I was a squad leader and was given what I think were like a 4-5 man room separate from the main dorm that housed the rest of the men. It was then that I would catch myself sleep walking, even the fire guard would catch me, saying I was making no sense. I do not know if it was shock from my encounter, or a side affect of it. I was given a Top Secret Clearance and assigned the to Air Defense Artillery. My job was to Field test a new Radar system trying to feed real time data to the TOC's. The use of this new system would also integrate the Avenger Systems to lock onto the deemed enemy targets the radar specified. Also was expandable by linking up to AWACS. The radar system was the ANMPQ-64 GBS Ground based Sensor. I want to comment this is peace time. I did 6 NTC Rotations, including time at White Sands. Working with the TECHS from Hughes Aircraft Company.  I did my first 3 years 1/5th ADA Ft. Stewart GA. Was given an honorable discharge, and re-enlisted to Ft. Hood TX. As my honor and pride set in as a patriot that ran the same woods as George Washington as a child, my guilt over carrying the burden for years set in. I found myself driving the Battery Commander one day and I brought up my concerns that our radar system would not catch something like what I had witnessed.  Remember this is 1998 and I have just told my superior Officer that I have had a UFO experience.  And we happen to be in a Military Air Defense Battalion, oh and I have a top secret clearance, and was the first team to field the system. I was told to take some leave time. Which was no issue for me had allot saved up. So took 45 days. Went up the coast of California with some friends into upper Cali and Oregon. Nothing was out of the ordinary when I signed out for leave.  On day 33 I received a call from a friend still at the base telling me I was considered AWOL the MPs had been by the house. My Battalion Commander and S-4 had pulled my leave form from the CQ desk, saying it was unapproved. So in one sweep my Security Clearance was pulled, I was wanted.  I turned myself in a couple months later. They bought me a bus ticket to Ft. Sill to out process. I was given a less than honorable discharge for my second tour. Inability to Adapt.  History will remember me as a un desirable, unrecognized by the same country whom I tried to warn, and help.  I personally view this matter is 1 of Nation Security. At the very least we are being monitored as our technology advances. My MOS was a 14J my job was to not only run the radar system, but to visually identify every known craft in the World's flying Arsenal. This was not a man made craft Unless it is time travel in some form or matter.
