{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-07-11 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292888","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110428","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2358,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/888/mufon-5292888.json","updb_database_id":5292888}
i was 18 staying at my step fathers house when my mom and stepfather were on honeymoon... I was watching tv and used bathroom and saw lights outside

I was staying at my stepfathers house while stepfather and mom were out of town on honeymoon. I was watching tv and around 11pm-midnight i went to use bathroom and i looked out the window and looked up between some trees in back of house and above the trees was a object with red lights around the bottom in a line which made the object appear to be round ...I thought maybe it was a helicopter but the size of the object and the type of lights and lack of sound i dismissed it was a helicopter...So i turned off all lights in the house as i was scared because it was late and dark outside and the house is on a country road with a field across the street east of the house.  So the object was stationary and then it started to move over the house and i was looking out the windows and the object moved northeast moving slow lights on and stationary... I continued to watch it until it went east over the hill across the street and seemed to slow as it disappeared over the hill... The total time was 15-20 minutes  Then there were no cell phones and i believe i did call 911 and or the US Air force  but its been so long i cant remember exactly who i contacted.  When my mom and step father came back home i never shared the story with them or really anyone else...But the event is still a active visual memory video in my mind...Like it just happened.  It was a event i will never forget about...And i never went outside during the event...I hope to hear from your group as i would be happy to discuss the event .  I found out about your group while watching Josh Gates on Expedition Unknown.  Thank You for your time.
