{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-02 19:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514347","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43877","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3072,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/347/mufon-5514347.json","updb_database_id":5514347}
(GS) noticed strange almost verticle contrail at horizon, then higher contrail, like rocket launch photograp showed unnoticed UFO at lower altitude

At dusk noticed on crystal clear perfectly still fall evening while looking at sunset noticed white smoke on the western horizon (maybe 5 miles away, hard to know) almost 90 degrees but at slight angle, but then noticed a pencil thin contral with above it with plane or rocket or something climbing. It was beautiful and looked like missle launch or something. There are tons of many military plane and helicopter flights low over our place, and thought it might be some type of missle test.  It was beautiful and differnt than common contrails in that it was very steep climb. I pulled my droid and snapped a photo trying to get both the ground smoke or contrail and the upper contrail. It was almost dark and I couldnt see the small screen well and doubted there was light enough. But when I downloaded the photo was happy to see I barley got both the lingering ground and barely got the upper contrail. But also noticed another something in the photo that I didn't see when I took the photo. A lower flying object. I don't know if it was an camera anomoly or if something was there.  I have also seen in the past on two occassions floating yellow lights that wink in and out and assumed military flair or something. But hard not to think of UFO. Since I had a picture this time I thought I would submit this. There is an awful lot of military activity, flights of low flying C130 planes and many helicopters. Always assumed just manuvers as this is very rural and unpopulated area. We are South of Ballinger Texas. I think the contrail was either a missle launch or a military jet practicing an interception climbing steeper than I have ever seen and going extramly high. Or maybe they were shooting a missle at something.  The higher contraill eventually dissaperaed as it got dark. The surface smoke/contrail drifted south as can be seen in the photo. Maybe someone else in the area saw something. Sorry the picure not better. I was very surpised to see the object in the photo and why I am sending this in. I know nothing about cameras. Maybe it was just a glitch from low light.
