{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-11-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489347","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70279","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3083,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/347/mufon-5489347.json","updb_database_id":5489347}
{nd} saucer shape , dome light under neath in middle 8 inset lights on outter portion no sound on I45 by Centerville Tx

I was in Centerville learning a trade after going to school from a cousin of mine. we finished late in the day and made a delivery to a doctor in Teague we went on a country road came back to Centerville via I 45 we were talking about the trade I was starting, and I remember looking for radio stations and couldn't seem to find any music. I noticed a light like a star and thought to myself its way too early for stars sun set 6 30 or so, then I thought a highway patrol in a helicopter and I think the speed limit in those days was 55 anyway we kept talking and I would keep looking at the light after going a few more miles I looked up and noticed a greyish silver disk with a big dome light about 2-3 foot or so in diameter and about 8 inset lights 3/4 of the way out from center on the underside of the disc I pulled my El Camino over and got out of the car to look at the disc it was still clear enough to see although the sun just went down it was plain as day no other cars stopped and I know there were a few passing at the same time. it was hovering on the right side of the interstate as we were headed for Centerville. It just hung there for a minute or so then started moving away slowly next to the pine trees then sorta veered off over the pine trees until it was out of site. It did not make a sound, rustle any limbs on trees stir up dust or anything probably 250 feet away form us in front and right of the car. I wanted to report it on the spot but my cousin said not in my town, which I understand these days. When I got home I called Dallas I believe the air force or air port and they said to call Pueblo Colorado. I called them and sent a letter with pictures and description I got a letter back long lost now that they had over 1200 or so reports and 750 un Identified This all happened after graduation from Trade school in 1976, It has really opened my eyes to wanting to know more about UFOs, it even has had me wondering about the birth of Christ with the Wise men following a star to the birth place in Bethlehem. I was also sorta put in my place about how simple humans are and how much we have to learn, I mean who ever made this disk had some knowledge way beyond human comprehension I was amazed and at the same time so humbled, I wasn't afraid I was curious , Its been on my mind for the last 40+ years and I keep watching the sky's every chance I get.
