{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-06-04 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549347","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"4624","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7578,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/347/mufon-5549347.json","updb_database_id":5549347}
two very fast bright white lights in the sky

In 78 my father and I rowed into a lake not accessable by road to stay the wekend and fish. I think I'll loose credibitity when I tell you I was only 11 years old at the time,but my father and I have spoken about this many times and we remember the same things with his memory more detailed than mine. We spent a long physical day getting into the lake and I was young and not long to go to sleep after turning in for the night. My father and I didn't have a tent, we just turned the boat up on its side and put a stick to hold it on a 45degree angle to protect us should it rain. I was asleep and was awoken by my father telling me to look into the sky, I first saw one bright white light, far brighter than any star Ive even seen, it was very high in the sky, much higher than airplanes but about the same size as the light on an airplane at regular flying altitude.The first light did an amazing pattern of directions, very quickly changing direction at every angle not just 90 degree turns but every angle you could think of. This light would make about 8-10 turns then stop, all in just seconds, perhaps 2-4 seconds and another bright white lighht would then fly into view from far out and do the exact same pattern in the sky and stop near the first light, then the first one would take off on another zig zagged pattern and again stop, once the first one stopped the second would repeat the firsts pattern.My father and I watched this for about 20 minutes when they suddenly and at the same time took off in a straight up motion and out of sight, they seemed to go out into space, sounds crazy right? I know. Anyhow, about 3-4 minutes after they sped off my father saw and showed me another light far off in the sky's distance, this time the light was flashing and traveling straight accross the sky, it only took a few minutes and it got closer and we knew right away it was an airplane, we watched the airplane go accross the sky and eventually out of view, about 4-5 minutes of the plane being out of our sight the unknown bright white light returned, it appeared as though it came straight down from outter space, not accross the sky but down out of the sky, and again started with crazy , very fast zig zagged patterns accross the sky, and again it would stop after 8-10 moves and the second would repeat the firsts design and stop beside it and they repeated this for another half an hour or so and then suddenly at great speed zipped up and out of our view. A few minutes later my father again pointed out a flashing light off in the sky's distance, another plane, we again watched this plane and about 5-7 minutes of the second plane going out of sight the first bright white light returned again. I can add that everytime a plane entered the sky those bright white lights would leave in a hurry and straight up only to come back once the aitrplanes were far away, The planes would often take 10- 15 minutes to get completely out of sight from where they entered out line of sight in the sky, I often fell asleep while waiting for the planes to leave and the white lights to come back, but my father would wake me every time they returned.Speaking with my father he tells me that after a while he coudln't wake me up anymore, well,,, he could wake me but I couldn't stay awake I was just too tired from the days hike,. My father says he watched those two lights in the sky for close to 3 hours and they would do all kinds of different patterns in the sky, they didn't seem to be doing/flying repeated patterns or "directions", if you will? The only consistent things were that they knew a plane was coming far befor we could see it and they would fly into outter space and only come back after the planes were far out of sight, they alweays did one light at a time designs and then the second would do the same directions and stop besides the first over and over again. Personally I remember seeing them do this and being interupted 3 time sby airplanes, then I fell slept until moring.
 This all happened back in 78, cam corders were not around back then as you know, nor did we have a camera with us. When my father awoke me and pointed this out in the sky I thought it was what I stil think they were, UFO's, I wasnt scared I think perhaps because I had my father with me, he was my hero and I always felt safe with him around so I didn't feel in danger at all. I nor my father recall these lights being anyhting but bright white, changing shape just slightly if at all, they seemed to be round or disc , they were very very far from us up in the sky, far higher than the planes were flying. This si the best discription I can give of the objects, I lost sight of them when I fell asleep waiting for them to come back and from what my father tells me he too fell asleep after watching them for close to 3 hours and they left due to a plane.
 I realise this is not a very great report, no pictures ot anything of the sort and a very old happening on top of it all.But I assure you this did happen, as sure as I'm sitting here typing this. Just thought it might help your data collection if others have reported this to compare it to. I will also add that the airport in Cape Breton Island, Nova scotia closes at 6Pm it a very small place but the planes we saw are regular sightings there as many planes fly over that area going to and coming from Europe
Thank you,
Robert White.
 For the record. so not to controdict myself in your questions, I now live in the cayman Islands, but was born and raised in east cost Canada.
 I keep coming back to this part aftyer I read more of your questions and I wish to elaberate on things. This happened when I was young, my father and I had great health back then, however over the years we have both been in very poor health, I have ben inflicted with an unknown problem/condition wheer I take between 2000-3oooMG of morphine every day just to deal with the pain and keep me mobile, yet doctors cant say for sure whats wrong with me, I've heard it all, the only thing doctors havent told me is that Im pregnant! My health problems started about 9-10 years after this "sighting" althought I highly doubt they are coneccted, after all, its not like we were close to those lights or anyhting like that.Many years after this sighting my father was put into the hospital wand was there almost 6 months in quarintine, finally one day out of frustration my father left the hospuital with out doctors approval, they never were able to tell him what made him so sick for so long.It took almost 3 yeasrs for the sickness he suffered to go completly away, he is no longer terriably sick all the time but has never experianced god health after that hospital episode. I wanted to ginhve all the details as best and as honestly as I can, I was going to just click that we are both in great health because I don't think these things are realated, but I thought better of it for your research.
