{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-15 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498347","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60861","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5110,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/347/mufon-5498347.json","updb_database_id":5498347}
{rjl} While driving observed stationary cigar shaped object. It then appeared to moved northeast, then was just gone, disappeared.

On Wednesday, October 15, 2014 at approximately 5:30 p.m., while driving east bound on I-64 just prior to entering the Charleston, WV metro area, I observed an object, that appeared to be cigar or cylinder shaped, hovering maybe 500 feet above the city valley area, closer to the west end of the city.

The interstate at this point is elevated above the city, which sits closer to river level. So my view of the object appeared to be straight on.

There were periods of rain and sunshine in the area during my travels, and several rainbows had appeared. I had attempted to take a few pictures of the rainbows, and while observing the rainbows, I then noticed the object.

At first, I thought it was a small airplane, as Yeager Airport is nearby. It was silver-mettallic in appearance, and was reflecting part of the bright sun that had caused the rainbows to appear during the intermittant rain showers. It looked cigar shaped, and appeared to just be hovering, but from living nearby Yeager Airport, and after having served in the U.S. Navy aboard an aircraft carrier for several years, I was/am aware that planes can have the appearance of being stationary, despite actually moving. Initially as I rounded a large curve n the interstate, the object was ahead of me, hovering over the valley. It did not appear to be very high in the sky at that point. As it reflected light from what I would refer to as its fuselage, I stared to think maybe it was a little odd.

As I moved further down the interstate, eastward bound, I continued to approach closer to the object. It didn't appear to have wings or engines or a propellar, but I stil couldn't rule out an airplane based on previous experience with aircraft sitightings and knowing that depending on the angle in which they are viewed, features of an airplane are not always visible.

Traffic was fairly heavy at that time, so I had to keep making quick glances at the object, and then turn back to the traffic and road around me.

The entire sighting lasted about 1.5 minutes. As I reached a point on the interstate where I was looking at what I would call the very rear of the object, I thought for about 2-3 seconds that maybe it was a miliatary style helicpter with the large dual rotors in the front and back. Upon further attempts of examination (keep in mind, I had to keep making quick glances at the object, then back to the road and traffic) it appeared to have a large chevron at the very front tip of the object, and a very large chevron of equal size at the very rear of the object. It appeared to be moving north at this point, away from y location on the interstate. There was no trail of exhaust or anything of that nature, and no detectable sound.

I glanced for a very split second at the road, and then immediately back to the object, but it was no longer there.

This is an open valley area, and from the perspective of the interstate positioning I was in, I could literally see for miles in the direction of north over my left shoulder. There were clouds a couple of miles ahead of the direction the object appeared to be headed in, and several hundred feet above the elevation the object appeared to be situated in, but none in the immediate area for the object to "fly into." It had instantly and completely disappeared from view in the amount it takes to glance from left to forward and then back to the left.

I do not know if maybe it was a drone, or some other type of small aircraft. It was hard to judge the size of the object, but I would say it was between 10-20 feet, but the lcoation of the chevrons/wings on the object and the way it was just no longer in sight in an area where I should have been able to view it for miles made it seeem odd, almost as if it was observing the rainbows or the rain showers as well.

I cannot say that I know it was an extra-terrestrial craft, but it just struck me as odd the way it appeared to hover lower to the ground than a normal small craft would, and then the appearance of the object initially looking as if it had no wings/appeandages and later looking as if it had large wings or chevrons in the front and rear, and then its eventual disappearance from sight altogether in an instant. Maybe nothing to it at all, just struck me as odd.
