{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-26 17:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505121","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53745","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2835,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/121/mufon-5505121.json","updb_database_id":5505121}
{kt}An odd shape was seen out my window, flew over my house and got a good look at it. Very weird shape, 6 black disks connected together to form a circle/disk that wobbled A LOT. Like putting 6 coins as a hexagon.

I was on my computer in my room playing Borderlands 2 with my friend, I like to look outside the window behind me a lot, its kind of a habit, and I mentioned something to him about seeing two big birds outside. I keep watching from my seat and then get up and walk like 8ft to the window once I noticed that they were flying oddly. I was really focused on the one object the whole time so I can't be sure if the other object was a bird or another UFO, but since it went out of view relatively quickly I'm gunna say it was a bird. The one thing was like nothing I would have imagined a UFO to be, it was 6 distinct discs connected together in the pattern of a hexagon so as to allow an open space in the middle, this space looked kind of hazy as did the air in immediate contact with the wobbling object. The arrangement of 6 discs moved as one big one, and I saw it from various angles as it really wobbled a lot as it moved from approximately 218 degrees South West (according to my iPhone's compass)to 10 degrees North passing directly over my house, maybe they noticed me waving and trying to record it or it might just be a coincidence. Unfortunately when I first pressed the record button it didn't register, I was kind of rushed as it was close to my house at this point (it was below the cloud cover and I first saw it from maybe around a dozen blocks away its hard to tell). I still got a real good look at it for about 25 seconds. The object didn't do a sharp turn but a gradual one as it hovered towards my direction and wobbled, and it was only until it was directly over the corner of my block did I really get under it and was sure of its unique shape. When it was more in the horizon it was seen from the side at first wobbling, so what I thought might be a large bird flying away from me and in a circle started looking like an odd row of 3 bumps to a circle of smaller circular objects hovering and wobbling, also spinning slowly. The wobble was like when you spin a spinning top and it's starting to lose momentum.
