{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-12-20 07:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549121","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"6040","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9106,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/121/mufon-5549121.json","updb_database_id":5549121}
Object appears below large aircraft

I apologize for not being able to report this sooner, as our home phone lines have been out for over a week, and we unfortunately have dial-up.  

 It was Wednesday morning, December 20, 2006. I had an apppintment with a local car dealership, as I am leasing my vehicle, so there was a lease-pull-ahead going on, and my truck qualified, not to mention I had alot of other errands and last minute Christmas Shopping to finish. I told my daughters that instead of riding the bus to school, I would drive them. It was starting out to be a gorgeous day, as the sun was coming up, and the sky was absolutely beautiful and blue...not a cloud in the sky, not to mention unseasonably warm for Michigan this time of year. 
  We left our house at approximately 7:15am, and I drove my older daughter to her High School, and dropped her off. As I headed east on Saginaw Hwy, towards my younger daughters school, as we neared the intersection at Nixon Rd, we both noticed a large bright roundish white light in the north, just a few hundred feet over the woods. We turned north onto Nixon Rd, and noticed the light still there. At this time, the sky is so blue, and cloudless where we were. I drove north until we pulled into the school lot, we looked, and now the object is lower, and is over the woods directly across (west) from the school now. It just looked like a huge round whitish light in the sky. I wanted to pull over and take pictures, but the school and parking lot is so busy with traffic, and I didn't want to draw attention and have parents think I was taking pics of their kids. I watched my daughter walk into the building, and then pulled out of the lot, now heading south on Nixon Rd. At the intersection, I turned east once again onto Saginaw Hwy and headed for the I-96 freeway, which was about 3 miles form where I was at that point. I looked and the object was now gone, nowhere in sight. I looked at my cellphone clock...it was now 7:40am.
  I got onto the I-96 eastbound ramp, as I was heading for Shaheen Chevrolet in Lansing/Holt area. For a about 5 miles, I-96 eastbound actually heads in a southerly direction, until you pass the I-69 (FT. Wayne) interchange, then I-96 heads east. As I went past the I-69 interchange, I notice in the far east...ever-so-slightly north, a big solid white aircraft, like a jumbo 747 with a contrail, and it appeared to be heading west. It was just so bright white against the beautiful, clear blue sky. It was pretty to see. As I drove east, I kept watch of this aircraft. As I drove another 5 miles, this aircraft was still there, as was the contrail, and then it seemed it didn't appear to be moving. I assumed this was due to the distance away it was form me, and that it just gave the "illusion" it wasn't moving, since I was heading east and this was heading west. I continued to watch this aircraft the remainder of the way towards Shaheen Chevrolet. Now I was directly south of the aircraft...it still had a contrail, & that's when I noticed...the aircraft WASN'T moving. It just hung there in the sky, with this contrail behind it. I wanted to pull over immediately and take video/pictures of this, but this is NOT a safe place to just stop along the freeway at this point, because of all the exiting traffic. As I turned onto the Cedar St. exit ramp, I kept watch. This was the exit I always took to Shaheen Chevrolet/Sam's Club/Celebration Cinema Theaters/Etc. There is a stoplight at the end of this exit ramp, and it was red. As I stopped, I glanced up at the aircraft (which is just barely west of me now) and suddenly this other white object just 'appears" out of the clear blue sky, and is under/lower the original aircraft. NOW...it too is just sitting there in the sky. 
  My husband is self-employed and his warehouse/office is located in Holt, approximately 3 miles southeast of where I was at. I quickly got on my cellphone and called him. I asked him if he was at his office...which he replied yes. I then asked him to quickly step outside and look into the north sky, and tell me what he sees. I told him to hurry. The light turned green and I am still driving at this point as this is a major intersection with many inter-connecting streets...a very high-traffic area, and I can't just pull over. As I finally get to near the dealership, I pull over into the Sam"s Club parking lot, that is adjacent to Shaheen Chevrolet and WILX TV-10 station. The aircraft is still just sitting there. My husband says he sees an aircraft...I ask him what color...and if he sees the contrail...I then ask him if he sees anything else, and I tell him to look very closely...then he sees the other whiteish object below. I then ask him if it appears to be moving, he said no, and he says it's probably just a trick of the eyes, then VERY QUICKLY I explained that I had watched this all the way from Grand Ledge, and how I too thought it was a trick of the eyes, until I got closer. Then...suddenly, the lower craft object starts moving, and quickly passes this huge aircraft. (It was like you were watching a little 4 seater plane pass a huge jumbojet...it just doesn't happen). I said...its moving now...do you see it?...he confirmed yes. I told him I had to go, as I could NOT hang onto my cell & talk and I had to quickly take pics/video....I then hung up. 
  I stepped out of my truck and tried so hard to get the video to focus, but because of the bright blue cloudless sky, and the sun, there was nothing for it to keep a good focus on and not blur. I tried everything, so I then switched it to picture mode, and managed to get 15 pictures of this. It still did not want to focus good at all, especially when I tried to zoom in on them. In 4 of the pictures, I zoomed out, so as to capture tree-tops and part of a Sam's Club parking lot light, for distance/size comparison. I could not take any more pictures, as you could no longer see them. 
  I then pulled into Shaheen, and went into the sales rep's office. While there, after a little bit, I remembering glancing at the clock, and thinking wow...time went so fast. I had so much to do, so I told him I had to get going. I didn't download the pictures 'till a few days later. When I noticed the time on the pictures.....they show the first picture taken at 8:45am..and the last picture taken at 8:47am. The entire distance from my youngest daughters school, to Shaheen Chevrolet is 13.16 miles according to Mapquest., with a driving time of 16 minutes. It shows taking M-99 exit, but I always go to the next exit (Cedar St), which is approx another 2-3 miles east. I am missing alot of time, and yet can not remember anything being out of place...besides witnessing the bright whitish objects...1 at the school, and the 1 under the large aircraft. 

What I find very odd, is the fact that I could see this large aircraft very clearly for the entire time. It was the most beautiful white against the very blue cloudless sky. I could see the wings, engines, tail section, everything. Then the smaller very bright white object appears below it...also very white, but I could NOT discern a clear definite shape/object. It looked like a very white blur/orb if you will. And the way they both just sat there in the sky, then suddenly the small object starts moving as well as the larger aircraft, and yet the small object is able to pass it, does not make sense in conventional terms, as I know them. 

I have attached 3 pics...1st is "original", 2nd is "labeled" 3rd is "inverted colors" (dark is light, light is dark), so you can see how even the large aircraft just doesn't seem to show hardly at all in the pics...yet this is not how my husband & I both saw it. When we saw it, it was plain as day a large aircraft, and a very white smaller blur/orb. Remember when I took these pics, the objects were now moving. You will definitely have to zoom in to see to see clearly. Also remember when I first noticed a whiteish objectin the morning, was a few minutes before I noted the time as 7:40am. The 7:40 incident was in Eaton County, the 2nd incident was in Ingham County.

Patty D
MUFON Int'l FI &
Michigan MUFON FI (Clinton County)
