{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-30 23:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498121","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61134","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3136,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/121/mufon-5498121.json","updb_database_id":5498121}
Huge ,Red Glow ,Slow moving, erractic movement

I was on vacation with my brother and my husband ,on board of the Carnival Ecstasy Cruise Ship top deck enjoying the evening in Cozumel Mexico. We traveled from South Florida, U.S.A. and arrived in Cozumel, Mexico on October 30th, 2014. We enjoyed the small island Beach's and Mayan Homes during the day (little population and close to no electricity ,,,very limited on the island) We came back on board the ship that evening around 9:00 p.m. after our day excursions, and relaxed on top deck by about 11:00p.m. (Top Deck is also the only place allowed on the ship for my brother(and all 100 plus other people to smoke cigarettes on the ship.Anyways,100+ people on top deck noticed something in the sky. At first I thought it was just a airplane from a far but as it got closer and closer then above the Cruise ship it was apparent that it was in fact not at all an airplane. A lot of people went in side because they were scared, but I was such in awe and I couldn't believe what I was seeing that I didn't even think to move or go inside. Most of the people were in shock like myself. It was a Bright red sphere that glowed and moved very very very slow across the sky as it went up and down in elevation. It flew went right over the ship as if it was examining the ship. For those who do not know Cozumel Mexico doesn't have much light because the small Islands population/very very poor locals(no power). Anyways with that being said the Cruise ship was the only bright light that the eyes could see & for that matter this aircraft was very curious. After about ten minutes of about now 60 people starring from the top deck ,it finally cruised along into the sky until it instantly disappeared. It was the talk of the cruise there after for the remaining of the cruise. My brother took multiple photos, but the crazy part is the aircraft can not be seen in any of the photos from his camera phone. I know for fact he took them with the aircraft above us. Everyone's photo's had everything in the picture but the spacecraft.I am now a firm believer in U.F.O's . I was never before until October 30th, 2014. After much research today now that I'm back home( Nov.1,2014.) I believe it was the same spacecraft that was seen in India on October 21, 2014.
Something is out there. It's studying Earth and everything on it indeed. 
Thanks for reading my encounter description I feel a little less crazy now, I know what I and the whole crew on the top of the cruise ship deck saw & that was a U.F.O for certain.
