{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-21 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513121","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45162","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4083,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/121/mufon-5513121.json","updb_database_id":5513121}
{cak} multicolored spining pulsating light above cloud cover

Me and my friend where driving to my house to drop me off, we where just talking like usual about how it was the "end of the world day" for fun just joking around. When out of the corner of my right field of vision i noticed a extremely bright flash that drew my attention to the sky. Me and my friend both looked over because we where pretty surprised by the bright flash that lit up the entire sky for a brief moment. At this point I asked my friend if he seen the event and he said "hell yes". When i looked at the area of the sky that was lit up i noticed a extremely bright multi colored spinning/pulsating light above the cloud cover. Living next to the metro airport almost my entire life I could tell anyone with 100% honesty that I had never seen any sort of light from a plane or any type of flying vehicle ever in my 26 years of living. Nothing has ever been that bright even when close up to it, and this object was hovering in the cloud cover directly over the metro airport. My initial feeling was "you have got to be kidding me, this type of thing does not happen to people you know". This event lasted for approximately 15-30 seconds then faded out. The light was a mixture of white and very faded blue and purple. Almost like it was a spectrum of light that was combined into a quickly changing color scheme. Sadly i never got to see the object itself only the glow of the spinning/pulsating effect it had. A few different emotions where running through my mind at this time: excitement *I had always wanted to witness something like that*, curiosity *I have been interested in this area for almost 10 years at this point*, fear *its was dec. 21 2012 the supposed end of the world according to the mayan countdown calender*, and surprise * i was genuinely amazed that i was able to witness this even*. And this is where it gets better. After the first event faded out and went away me and my friend where just shocked at what we had just seen and we didn't speak to each other for at least 1 full minute *it doesnt seem like a long time to you but at that moment it felt like hours* then we began to talk racing over each others sentences with excitement and amazement. About 2-3 mins down the road talking to each other the event happened again and this time it didn't just light up the right field of vision for both of us it lit up the entire sky all around us. This is when we both immediately went quiet and gave each other that WTF look. My friend was already kind of worried about all the idiots out at that time because of the "end of the world frenzy* but after this happened to us he was completely freaked out. The second event happened exactly like the first one. It was approximately in the same area where it was the first time making me believe it barely moved or didn't at all. The length of the event was approximately the same and the color and and the way the light shined in the cloud cover was identical. I didn't have to ask my friend the second time if he had seen the event again because the look on both our faces showed we had not imagined this. Our explanation of the event was pretty much the same. Although due to my friend driving he didn't get to watch it as closely as did the second time around. I know this happened almost a month ago but i didn't think i should report this due to no other reports of it happening. I felt it necessary to let people know what i saw that night.
