{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491121","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68452","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3916,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/121/mufon-5491121.json","updb_database_id":5491121}
{rjl} Three sightings. moved like satalights. lost view of first two. Third changed course east then resumed south.

On my way home last night (July 17th, 2015) the sunset was awesome!1

1 I stopped by a big open field on top of the hill I live on. 1(The Maple Leaf neighborhood.) 1I was getting vids of the sunset and then started counting the stars as they became visible. 1After about fifteen stars had become visible I gave that up, and was about to leave, but then I saw something that made me grab my camera again.

1 It was a bright orange light that appeared in the north. 1It was traveling south, towards me. 1Although the color dose not show up on my vid, Tha fact that it shows up at all indicates that it had to be very bright! 1Because I had just heard about our government having silent helicopters, I chose to video it and see if it remained silent. 1It sure did. 1But I lost sight of it when it was directly overhead. 1Then about five minutes later it happened again! 1This time I got my vid going quicker, but again I lost sight of it when it was directly overhead. 1I can't say what it did because I was looking at my screen and I at first thought that I'd just moved the 1camera off it by accident. 1I was blessed with a third chance though! 1About five minutes after the second orange light, a third one appeared. 1It also came from the north and was heading south directly for me. 1This time I was determined to keep my eyes on the thing! 1I managed to keep it in the screen also. 1Again, very bright orange, like a pumpkin. 1Moving a little faster than a normal satalight, but slower then a plane. 1Maybe about the same as a military jet might move if it was up really high. 1It came directly over me and started to shift it's course. It began curving off towards the east. 1Then after about two second of that it suddenly began moving directly south again. 1I followed it with my eyes and my camera until it faded from view in the south.

1 The video is pretty dull I think, except for my talking.

1 I know this is pretty normal stuff for you folks, but I just thought I'd get the news out anyway.

1 Feel free to call me if you want to talk.

1 Also, years ago, I saw what looked like a fighter jet just huvering above the freeway. 1As I drove under it, waving my arms around to say to all the other moterists "hey look", it actually tilted it's right side down towards me. 1It seemed like the place where an occupant would sit was intentionally keeping me in sight. 1I tried to report this, but I didn't know who to report it to.

1 Again, thank you so much for your work!

1 It's good to have a place to share this, so there can be a public record of it.
