{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-09-24 03:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473121","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87278","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5024,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/121/mufon-5473121.json","updb_database_id":5473121}
{cak} Observed pulsating craft changing directions and close at beginiing. Used laser and it became upset.

UPDATE at bottom..    to start, A large ufo event took place 3-6 a.m. here in Newburgh, indiana that I personally witnessed and made contact with one of the craft using a green laser and we made contact that night and the following night also.   (Original story typed around 7pm on 8/24/2017)I went out for around 6 hours last night with friends and as i was returning home around 3 30 a.m I noticed a large ufo above the treetops flashing multiple colors of lights behind and to the southeast of the gas station on stacer road and highway 662. As I grew nearer I could tell it was moving slowly. I started driving slow south on stacer around 15-20 mph and lost it halfway down stacer. Turned east on pollack and cleared the two curves near the nursing home and I saw it or possibly another one cross pollack near multzer crushed stone and lost it again until I pulled into my apartments on pollack. Went straight to side of building when I pulled in and immediately noticed it far away and it had gained altitude and seemed stationary and resembled the stars we see that flash red,green ,yellow or white and watched it until sometime after 4 a.m. and remembered my green laser and that many people have gotten some sort reaction from ufo s from them . So I started hitting it for brief moments with no reaction but my hand was shaky and that puts the beam all over the place at distance. Walking to the privacy fence on east side of complex I live in I put the laser on the fence and put a steady beam on the object that had moved but barely noticeable. As soon as the beam stayed on it steady for 1 second it moved as to where leaves and tree limbs blocked it's view. I continued this game for around 10 minutes with this craft moving so much I am sure someone would notice besides me. As this progressed the object became what I perceived as agitated and would start doing fast and very tight circle patterns or bounce all around in a very tight pattern. After 9 or 10 times of doing this it did something to me,the laser batteries and I discovered awhile later my phone battery was drained to 7 percent . The feeling I had when I felt it'd shot something at me or onto me was fear,eyes giving me tremors in my eyelids that have continued today and drainage from eyes. I saw the object do it when it seemed to elongate and became what was very close to a boomerang shape and craft had a Long row of led looking lights all the way across its shape with no more colors flashing. Then it went back ro the red,green yellow flashing . So I continued this with the laser but into only would work for about 3 seconds then shut down and the object would slowly move behind tree cover. . The ufo had reacted 3-5 times where I felt it did something to me and it was same feeling each time. I also witnessed several large orbs eminating very bright light and it looked like it was over downtown newburghm and maybe 4-5000 feet also multiple fast movers.. They most certainly know when I am watching them.pics and video are from Samsung note 3. Also witnessed 4 daytime ufos mimic birds of prey then didapear with leelend 2 days ago. UPDATE! tonight (11/24/17)just one single one showed up but it amazed 4 more people from my household and 2 neighbors from across the street. Everyone was mind blown. But something occurred to me between 3 am and 7 but besides watching these things I did nothing else . Since my first very close encounter over 2 years I started seeing things but briefly. The the last 4-5 months it has really stepped up. I am going to need night vision to film them.  Oh! Blow up one of the stills I took of the first object and tell me what yous it.  I am making this public in hopes theers who witnessed this. I have seen this ufo on multiple occasions
