{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-31 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284121","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119308","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3632,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/121/mufon-5284121.json","updb_database_id":5284121}
Solid panel of coloured fluorescent lights passed slowly overhead.

At the time of the sighting I was living in an inner-city suburb, which in the city of Perth means semi-urban/suburban with two-story townhouses. We lived in a two-story townhouse at the end of an alleyway, adjoining other townhouses leading out to the street. We had a small back courtyard, with a fence about 8-foot high. This meant that while sitting in the back courtyard, with the two-storey house on one side and fence on the other, the view of the sky was restricted to a space above the 3m x 5m courtyard. On a warm summer night we were entertaining 2 friends. I believe it was after midnight, and I had been drinking for several hours. I was sitting alone outside in the courtyard, and the 3 ladies were inside upstairs. I was in a relaxed and intoxicated state, quietly thinking outside, and without reason I looked directly up to the sky. Above me, passing from North to South at what seemed like a brisk, walking pace, was something like a fluorescent panel of bright lights. This object took up most of the sky visible from my place below. Its leading edge had already passed over my rooftop, and within a few seconds its back edge passed over the courtyard. The back edge was straight, and my impression was that it was square or rectangular in shape. The night sky beyond was dark and cloudless. The entire surface glowed with light, predominantly like a fluro blue, but with some red, green and yellow, and some of the colours were flashing, and perhaps changing colours. The colours remind me of the 1982 film 'Tron'. I would say I probably only viewed the sight for about 10 seconds. When I first looked up I thought something to the effect, "Wow, that's pretty". It was silent, beautiful and moving at a pleasant speed, so it did not initially shock me. About 3 seconds later that was followed by the thought, "Hey, what on Earth is that anyway?" It then began to click that whatever I was seeing was huge, solid, silent, and had an extraordinary array of lights. By now the back end was passing over my roof and out of sight. It dawned on me, "Could this be a UFO"? I was quickly filled with an urgency to investigate, and I leapt up and ran through the house, bursting out to the house-front in the alleyway, and I ran a few metres down the alley. I believe I called to my wife as I ran through the house, but no-one heard me. Due to the line of townhouses vision was still fairly obscured, but I could see no further indication of the object - which was a surprise, given the low speed and brightness of the lights. That was it. I barely raised the sighting with anyone in the last 10 years. It leaves me feeling a bit sheepish and humble. I am an educated professional, and have remained calm about the encounter. I have thought about it rationally, but can't imagine a vehicle or set-up that could have moved that array of light over me, silently, at that slowish speed, then just vanished. I have never otherwise seen strange lights, while sober or drunk.
