{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-06-15 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525121","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30680","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2448,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/121/mufon-5525121.json","updb_database_id":5525121}
Large triangle with 3 lights - one at each corner - moving slowly above the trees

I was a Mary Kay consultant at the time and was making a delivery to a client's home sometime between 7 and 9 pm. I can't recall what time of year it was. I was in her neighborhood - small road, large homes, lots of trees. Slightly ahead of me I saw this thing in the sky. It was dark with three large round lights positioned in a triangular shape. It looked like it was moving just above the trees, in the same direction as the road I was traveling. It looked too big, too triangular, and too close to the ground to be an airplane. I rolled down my windows and heard absolutely nothing other than normal night sounds. I was surprised something could be travelling so low and making no noise. It was traveling somewhere around 20 - 35 miles an hour. The road I was on kept the object in view for about a minute or minute-and-a-half. Unfortunately the road curved and the object continued on its straight path. The trees were too dense for me to get anyplace that would allow me to scan the sky for any distance other than directly above me.

I was curious, then frustrated that I couldn't get it back in view. As I was watching it I was trying to convince myself it was something normal and trying to figure out what it could be other than a UFO. I just couldn't come up with anything.

I didn't mention it to anyone other than my husband. Then tonight (8/5/11) I was watching UFOs Over Earth, "The Bucks County Flap" episode, on Planet Green. In the episode with a woman named Denise described an object that sounded similar to what I had seen. I was amaze when the computer animation MUFON made of her sighting -- triangular with three lights -- looked exactly like what I had seen that night. I mean EXACTLY. Stunned me enough to look you guys up and fill this out.
