{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-04-30 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455121","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106490","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6164,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/121/mufon-5455121.json","updb_database_id":5455121}
{rjl} around April 1979 slow moving upclose object

Not sure of the date, because I threw out what I wrote down back then. (I don't understand what I saw, and obviously, I thought I would just try to move on...I remember the whole incident, I am just not sure on the date). 

My mom asked if I wanted to report it. I said ok or yes. Later, around 1 hour later, that night after the incident, my mom or dad did call, and then my mom gave me the phone to report it. Who I reported it to, I have no idea. The person on the other end didn't give any personality or emotion. Maybe it was a newspaper or the police. My family asked how big it was in diameter, and they kind of pushed me into agreeing it was around 30 feet in diameter, but I don't know how big it was I think it might be smaller even maybe 10 feet in diameter to fit where it fit and mauvered. I think for it to have fit inbetween the power lines and inbetween my house and the garage, it was probably smaller. At the time I didn't feel good saying it was 30 feet in diameter. I felt it was at least a little smaller.  

I think it was either April 30th ro April 20th, and when I was in 4th grade, so in 1979. 
There was no wind. It was dark out, and it was not cold or hot (it must have been around 68 degrees). I think it was around 8pm.

My dad was yelling at my mom. I thought it would be a good time to "clean up" and take a stack of newspapers to the back porch (where we take old newspapers).. It was just a reason to get away from getting yelled at in the near future (not that I had done anything wrong, but his yelling could change directions to me for no current (at the time) known reason). I put the stack down, and then noticed something moving slowly N.E. of where I was. It was around 40 feet in the air, moving west....over the Valette street.

Slow moving around 30 or 40 feet in air, over a road going southbound.. I believe orignally, I saw 1 solid "headlight" and 2 side "red lights" with the white headlight a lot larger than the 2 smaller red lights. But at some point the lights got turned off. I think at the same time it turned north going towards my back yard (even a liittle before that point I felt it would be a good idea not to move...and I didn't the whole time, I felt that it was a UFO, and be careful...but, looking back on it, I didn't understand why it needed a headlight if it was so advanced, so maybe it was a government craft). it turned North going into the backyards of the houses on my block, towards my house which was 4th from the street, and I was on my back porch (porch is around 4ft from ground level. When it got to my backyard it quickly rotated, and then dipped lower from like 20 feet hight to around 10 feet high RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME, then, rotation quickly reversed, and then it went from 10 feet hight to 20 feet high, and then quit rotating and then continued on down the row of backyards. inbetween houses roughly around 20 or 30 feet in the air. 

(A LOT has changed since 1979) Neighbors had additions made. The HUGE tree 2 doors south is gone, and the 1 door south there is a huge garage that wasn't there. But, the wires from the telephone pole to the corner of my mom's house and the wires from the house to my moms garage are still the same. I should measure exactly the gap between the wires, and the gap between the house and the garage are. But, even though, I saw the rotation, there was a blur. It was a blur right in front of me. I am not sure why there was the blur. If you followed the rotation with your right hand, and the object moved in the direction of your right thumb when it spun right in front of me, and was a blur... but it didn't spin when it was moving down thru the back yards. 

The next day, my friend down the street that said, "Yeah, people all over Elmhurst saw it." and his brother youngest brother saw it too. His dad was working for a newspaper, and 2 years later they moved, and I never heard from them again. I thought maybe he knew from his dad being a news reporter, but I didn't bother asking how he knew people all over Elmhurst saw it...Furthermore his brother was only like 5 years old. I never did talk to his little brother,...or anyone for that matter, after that day in school. I don't know if I told anyone about it until I was taking a calculus based physics class, when the teacher was describing "right hand rule" because that "UFO" followed right hand rule.

I know I am not crazy. But, I am not really sure what to make of that thing. It was maybe 7 to 10 feet away from me when it dipped inbetween 2 set of wires AT NIGHT, no wind, no heat, no sound. I am not sure what the blurr was about. I am not sure why it was going thru our backyards.

I waited a few seconds, after it was a few houses away. I yelled for my family to come out there quick. About 10 seconds later, they came running out, I remember my dad lookind up towards where it went and my older brother, and my mom out there. At the time I thought they said that they saw something way out in the sky, but years after I brought it up, they said they saw nothing. 

I wish I never saw it. Because 1) if I bring this topic up, people think I am nuts 2) it was a big waste of time all these years talking to various people and wondering what it was. 3) My life may have been better. I would not get side tracked. I am 50 years old now. I am working 2 part time jobs.  I got to change my life somehow. I would like to know if others saw it back then...Maybe a lot of them are dead by now...It was 40 years ago.
