{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-14 21:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485121","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74677","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3248,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/121/mufon-5485121.json","updb_database_id":5485121}
THE UFO THAT I SAW DURING THIS EVENT WAS VERY BIG AND VAST! IT GAVE A VERY ANNOYING HUMMING SOUND AND MADE A TOTALLY DISTURBING NOISE! IT WAS VERY SHOCKING SIGHT OF THAT PHENOMENAL OBJECT!~ IT WAS A FULL OF EXPERIENCE IN MEMORIES TO REMEMBER THIS SIGHTING

During the occurred UFO Sighting that I saw during this event was just a shocking event. That object was hallowing in up and giving some weird lights from up. It also showed some blinking spot-lights.* The object gave hunnering sound. It was Steady going. It was large and path stationery. Many people were seeing that object on the road. First time my father have seen that object and then he have informed me. I was just shocked to see that freak Object. That Object was freaking downside. It was a shocking site means it was a shocking event. It was close to Us. But was very far. It hallowed us means it surprised us. It was a great event that I saw in the City. My father and all were just shocked to see that Freak Object. It was light, means it was a full of lights object that it was looking of heavy and many Lights. There were two Major light. It was a very big object and it also moved here & there during its sighting. It was just very Ground to the Earth. We all were shocked very Immediately when we just saw that huge object. First we just thought that it was an fake object but then I just thinked upon that really it may be fake or not? It was not a fake as per my thinking because as per me that Object was not fake because I just observed that particular object very carefully and I really found that No! NO! It was not fake! It is Real! And it can't be fake! I believed that it was just a real event and very true phenomenon. It is my believance. My father just ignored that it was fake and also all the members present in our car also concluded that it was fake. But No!!!!!!! It was just a Real Freaky Object. It was just very very True. And it can't be ignored...... Its my thinking and my Opinion and my thought that it is real... After Sighting that Event, I was completely Buzzed, means I Was in a very Surprising mode. I Was Shocked eventually! It was a very big object. It was just completely vast. It was dark and dull. And made some noisy annoying sound. It gave a humming sound. It was a vastly freak phenomena with that Vast Object which gave a fully freaky sighting on that Event! It was very shocking to watch that Sighting Phenomena which happened this Date. It was also a very Good Experience to Remember in my life. It was Completely true event. It was just really not a Fake Sighting. It was really a Genual and a Very True Sighting Of an UFO Phenomenon.* !!~
