{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-15 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490093","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69502","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3570,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/093/mufon-5490093.json","updb_database_id":5490093}
6 round independant orange lights spaced 400-800 ft. apart moved across the sky over Lac Cayamant. Last one stopped and hovered up and down.

I was sitting on the dock at my cottage on the west side of a bay about 20 ft. from shore listening to music with ear buds on my iphone. Sky was relatively clear and numerous stars visible. at 11:45pm I saw a round orange glowing light emerge into view about 60-70 degrees above the horizon after passing the tree line along the shore. When it came into view it was only about 15 degrees from vertical to the west. It travelled in fairly straight path from west to east and same elevation with fluid motion. First reaction was wow, what the hell is that. I've seen planes and shooting stars over the lake but nothing like this. in about 5-7 seconds it travelled out of site to the east but just before it did, another appeared, identical to the first, at the same location just east avove the tree line and travelled in the same direction and path, west to east. Again as it started to disappear out of view to the west a third orange light appeared again the same location and travelling in similar path and speed. Again as it moved west a fourth light appeared in view in same location above the tree line and moved to the west. This light was still visible to the west when the 5th light appeared, again same starting view point for me when it passed over the tree line just east. After being amazed about what I was witnessing I realized they were not making any sound (I removed my ear buds when I saw the second light). I turned the camera on my phone and snapped 3 photos. I switched to video as the 5th light moved away to the west althgough this one seemed to adjust speed slightly up and down. Then the 6th light appeared again from above the tree line and started moving west as the others did but this one stopped. It hovered in the sky moving slightly up and down and east and west. It seemed to know I was recording and was watching me. This freaked me out but I kept recording until it moved out of site to the west. This was the last light I saw. I realized later the flash on my phone rendered the photos useless as there was just a white haze in the photo. The flash was on the whole time during video but even with the white haze you can still see the lights moving in the background although you can see the orange glow as it actually appeared.There are also a few moths flying through the video shot in the light of the cameras flash but they're obvious.The lights were not all exactly evenly spaced but with nothing for a reference it's difficult to tell how big they were and the space between them. To recap, 6 lights with an orange glow moving in a very fluid motion horizontally across the sky with the last one stopping and hovering up & down and east & west before heading west and disappearing.
