{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-14 21:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286093","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117298","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3960,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/093/mufon-5286093.json","updb_database_id":5286093}
Sighting with 16 second video

CONDITIONS: 

Night sighting, slightly overcast, sheet lightening close to the craft, background noise from restaurant/bar 

SIGHTING WITH 16 SECOND VIDEO, 9:14PM, SATURDAY, AUGUST 14, 2021, SPRING, TX: 

As a female, amateur astronomer, student pilot, Air Force dependent and warbird enthusiast, I'm constantly looking to the heavens—day or night. I am also a professional freelance writer in possession of the MUFON materials and hope to become a Field Investigator, time permitting, but I do not want this fact to hinder the credibility of this report. I am earnestly wanting MUFON to investigate the attached video that I captured. 

NARRATIVE:

I had just arrived at an indoor/outdoor restaurant and bar. I had taken a few sips of my first beer and was standing near three men. We had been casually chatting for about ten minutes as I smoked a cigarette. It was partly cloudy and sheet lightening started appearing high in the clouds but I did not hear any thunder. 

While watching the lightening I noticed a craft with five or more green lights blinking on and off. The lights were changing from a bright green to a reddish/yellowish/orange color quite high in the sky. Based on my limited knowledge of altitude I thought that a pilot in a Cessna or Piper was taking a night flight, but couldn’t understand why a pilot in such a small plane would risk flying in a flight when an electrical storm was brewing. I felt sorry for the pilot, convinced that his/her flight conditions were dangerous.

I kept watching the craft and began questioning more things about it. Its lights were a complete anomaly. Its movements seemed uncanny. It would slow down then speed up, moving to the north, jutting to the east, shifting to the west, then slightly to the south, doing so producing no sound whatsoever. Sheet lightening was coming from behind a few clouds and the craft briefly headed toward it. Everything about the craft and its maneuvers was puzzling to me so I kept an eye on it.

I can only estimate the craft’s altitude because it was at the level of the clouds—approximately 10,000 feet. The way the craft’s lights were behaving was extremely strange and the shape they formed did not resemble a Cessna, Piper, private jet or commercial airline. It was more of a chevron shape but at times also appeared round. Suffice to say, I was perplexed. The altitude alone was clearly too low for a commercial airliner or private plane, so based on the movements of the craft I ruled out any airplane. I began to wonder if it was a helicopter, yet there was no obvious rotor blade sounds.

I moved away from the three men I was talking to, because one of them was distracting me and I quickly scanned the skies again. The attached 16 second video is the evidence I captured but unfortunately I didn’t speak to anyone else present to obtain possible additional witnesses. The abrasive man I had been speaking to at the time of my sighting did, however, notice that I was following the craft. He stated that was a private plane and abruptly shut his observation short. I wish that I hadn’t now, but I found him quite obnoxious. The video, taken on my iPhone only depicts a greenish, round orb with very little details.
