{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-06 17:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290093","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113255","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6827,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/093/mufon-5290093.json","updb_database_id":5290093}
Spinning craft and 3 smaller crafts came out of it and they were absorbed back into the main craft again

I have the pictures which were Live Photo’s from my iPhone. They were edited to zoom in to take stills of the craft as we were not sure if we had caught the craft in the images. At first look we hadn’t until I recheck months later when I was considering deleting them. I have all the mages should anyone want them. The are moving images if you are familiar with the iphones, called Live Photo. 

I like to drive scenic routes should I leave my house as I am disabled and don’t usually leave my home. I was with my daughter and as I am now learning, there are things in the sky which we have both witnessed before. It frightens me as this is now my 6th sighting of something I can’t explain. I’m lucky though this time as my daughter is quick with the camera as most teenagers now are. We were driving home after going to a place where I buy huge bulks of raw dog food from in a different city. 

As we were driving, to my left I noticed something darting around in the sky. It was darting forward, back, up, down. It was stopping on a dime and it was able to change direction instantly. My daughter was looking at it to. So then as I couldn’t stop driving due to any angry man in a van behind me, I chose to slow down which did make him angrier, but he then overtook my car. I drove slowly along and then we saw the craft stop in mid air and I saw 3 silver orb like objects leave or break off the craft and start flitting around the craft and they too were stopping dead and changing direction instantaneously. By this time, my daughter had my phone camera on and was trying to get the footage. The main craft appeared grey in colour, like a hat with a thick wide rim at the base. I genuinely think I saw the top of the main craft decrease in size when the three smaller crafts separated from it. In fact the more I think about it, the more I’m sure they made up most of the bulk of the top of the craft. 

Then as you will see in one of the images where I had to edit to zoom in, the three smaller orb like objects returned to the craft. It was at this point they were absorbed back into the main craft. All this time I was driving on a country lane that large trucks drive down so I had to also keep my eyes on the road. 

The main craft then just disappeared, like poof! Gone! I at least couldn’t see it with the naked eye anymore. When we looked at the images on the iPhone, I really thought my phone hadn’t caught it on film. I thought typical, again I have no evidence. Then just as I was clearing some old pics a few months later, I gave them one more look and this is what I found. 

I’m just so sick of being looked at like a nut job when I talk about these things that I have seen and my daughters. We have had bright white orbs appear through our wall many years ago and dart round the room following the same exact path side by side, never changing distance from each other like they were two bouncing rubber balls. Bouncing off surfaces in random directions but always straight lines from one surface to the next. I can’t show any proof of these things as the time I did try to film it on a tripod mounted camera, something turned the camera off as I left the room to leave it recording. It’s not the only experience. We have shadow figures, dreams where I’m being thrown around the room and held there at the ceiling like something is trying to push me through it. Waking up covered in bruises. Another where I am flying very unstable like, towards the front door and then I’m going through the door and I have to hold on to the frame so I don’t float off as I’m scared I won’t get back. But I could see people outside in the sky floating up to a brightly lit craft in the sky. I’ve witnessed a bright silver rounded craft bouncing around the sky in broad daylight. I’ve no ide if any of these things are connected. I’m just so so happy that finally, I have something in the way of an image to share. I don’t need attention, I just finally need to be believed by someone. My three daughters don’t like talking about the experiences. I think the elder two were glad when they left home although they do still experience something which is much less of a bother to us all and more comforting than anything. 

The latest before this is the whining noise I sometimes hear in the sky like metal on metal sometimes, but the biggest was the large, completely silent triangle craft going over mine and my Neighbour’s home a few years ago. I’ve since learned that another lady from my village also witnessed this. It was the early hours of the morning. But here are the images that I have. I hope the metadata come with them. 

In fact, I’ve also added a screen shot of the data from the image with lat and long coordinates. I’ve also added another pic just to show you the winding country lane that we were driving on.
