{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-26 20:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500093","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59020","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2881,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/093/mufon-5500093.json","updb_database_id":5500093}
2 square bright blue lights emitting 1 ray each shooting in a straight line through thin low clouds

I was in Moscow for business, enjoying a park and lake at the Novodevichy Convent. It was late evening, but still a glow in the air because of the sun being up late during summer months there. There was a cloud lower, but it was thin hazy clouds. I was snapping a photo of the convent from across a lake in the park. Out of the corner of my eye I saw a flash. I quickly looked up thinking it was a meteor/shooting star.

What I saw I can best describe as a "rectangle" made up of 3 equal size squares in line. The 2 outside squares were glowing bright electric blue. The inside square was also blue, but had the appearance of being made of a "light ray", or the "glow" mist part of light rays, but had a square form... not being dispersed in all directions like light rays from a light bulb would do. Also there were these "rays" made of the "glow", one of each end of the rectangle, they were both equal in size and in the shape of a long pointy triangles. These points were pointing in the direction of travel and behind. They were of the same quality of blue light as the center square, but had form to them.

the whole object shot across the sky super fast, disappearing in the thickness of the clouds closer to the horizon line. It was traveling at about the same speed as meteors and shooting stars do. It was difficult to judge if it was going parallel to the ground, or had a slightly downward angle. It was very fast and unexpected.

2 other friends I was with also saw the same thing and described it the same way.

Attached is a google map image of where I was standing, looking across the lake at the convent; one of the photos I took at roughly the same time. I don't recall if it was before or after I saw the object, but within minutes either way (you can get an idea of the hazy evening sky and sunlight level); and a sketch of how the object appeared.
