{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-18 21:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504093","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54808","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3928,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/093/mufon-5504093.json","updb_database_id":5504093}
{rjl} 10-20 green orbs appear steady on, start flashing to a strobe, disappear

I was was on the phone with a friend who lives n.e. of me in canton. I went out the back door for a cigarette, the back door looks out to the north, and to the right I can see east. Half way into smoking I jerked my head to the northeast, because something just seemed to appear. There were 10-20 large green balls all in a perfect straight line, all steady on.. then they started to blink, faster and faster to a strobe, and they all went out at the exact same moment. This was like 3-4 seconds and it was over. It "appeared" to be up to a quarter mile long, in a southwest to northeast line. It might have been as low as 800 feet over the neighborhood. It was low and right there, and it was scary. 
I told my friend on the phone what it looked like and that took about 5 minutes. Then I told him I had to get off the phone and call 911. I went out the front door and I called 911 saying im sure your going to get a lot of calls and told her what I seen. She put me on hold for 1-2 minutes. Mean while im looking over the side of the porch where I can also see the east and northeast, and the sky starts flashing low on the horizon in the east/northeast. 911 comes back and says hello? And I said now im seeing flashing low on the horizon.. she said you need to call akron canton airport, look up the number in the phone book. I got off the phone.. the flashing after the ufo made me think something was happening, like the ufo crash or zapped something. I called my friend and asked did you see the sky flashing.. and he did, when I got offthe phone with him to call the police he went outside, and he said the flashing was n.e. of him, and said it must be outside of canton. He thought maybe the power went out, I checked american electrics power website and it showed in stark county 501-2000 people with out power! I did not call the airport, Im pretty sure they dont have a numbrr listed to talk to anything but a help desk or something, plus calling 911 was enough.
the 911 call I have on my phone as a record. It was about 7 minutes from the ufo to the power outage in the n.e. and I honestly think the power outage, where ever it was in n.e stark county, is linked to the ufo. It wasnt windy, and it was mostly clear here, and no clouds where the ufo appeared. 
I checked online to see if anything comes up on a search, and I get nothing on a ufo anywhere and notthing about the power outage AEP had on the outage map online for stark county.
I know about sky lanters, fireworks, this just appeared and disappeared with out moving, and they all started to strobe at the same time and all out at the same time, it was perfect and I know it wasnt someone causing it, or that it wasnt a natural event. For me this was 100% alien, and not just some light in the sky. 
I dont know for sure on distance, it was close, maybe only visable to the neighborhood.. my house sits up on a hill and I can see everyones roof tops looking east northeast. Someone needs to investigate, maybe starting with what caused the outage. I checked at 3am on aeps webite and the power was still listed as out and that was almost 6 hours later!
someone can even come out here to see what part of the sky I was looking at.. I just know this1for sure needs to be investigated.
