{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-14 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283093","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120349","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2765,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/093/mufon-5283093.json","updb_database_id":5283093}
Saw very strange lights at grand Canyon, changing formation and merging while moving weird.

This was right at the begin of covid and I was in Vegas for the Conexpo trade show.They closed the show early and I was the last to stay from my company to pack every thing up. Because we closed early I had a few day and decided to drive to the Grand Canyon south rim and hike for a few days. I arrived I think on the 13th or 14th and got my room at the Grand Canyon village. I checked in and was out side looking at the stars, as you probably know the park is a a low light park so the night sky is amazing! So while I was star gazing I noticed off to my right just above the tree line but pretty far off a very odd light floating. As I focused on the light I noticed that it started changing shape from a single light, to 3 lights in a row horizontal then change into a triangle shape. It kept slowing changing between these shapes and occasionally moving very vast about 50-100 and up then right or left but stayed in the primary same spot. The lights did not blink but did change color from white/ gold to red and maybe a lite bluish while slowing changing the formation between the triangle, 3 in a line, to one light. I watched it for about 15 minutes and was kind of in aww like I was stuck. I tried recording it but on my phone it just looked like a light at that moment a guy with his dog came out of his hotel and I said man look at this. Him and I watched it for about 6 minutes and we both where blown away. At this point he said "man there is nothing out there that's out by the Hopi reservation" and he said another name I pulled up the map on my phone and relied we are looking west east and yes there is nothing out there. And that was it I eventually went in to my room and when cam out it was gone. 
One other side not and this may jut be nothing that next night I had a very strange dream while in the grand Canyon with my deceased father in it. He walked up and kissed me on the cheek and said with out words, like telepathically , " Hold on its about to get hard" or something to that effect. This was right before covid next few days lock down.
