{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-27 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499093","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60058","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2606,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/093/mufon-5499093.json","updb_database_id":5499093}
{rjl} Orbs of light traveling, then hovering, then shimmering away

My boyfriend and I had just had an argument and retreated to our neutral corners (he on our back balcony and I in the bedroom) when all of a sudden he started shouting for me to come out and look at something in the sky just above our apartment building (we live on the 2nd level of a two story bldg).

Once I rushed out on the balcony, we observed three orbs of light in a triangular shape move sideways across the sky. He asked me what I thought it was, and I immediately asked him what he thought it was, in which, he response was, "You know what it is." 

I stood on the balcony looking up at these three orbs crossing the sky kind of side ways and trying to rule out an airplane, helicopter, and such. Well we live in direct path of descending planes so I knew that wasn't it and we're high enough to distinguish helicopters, so that wasn't it either.

Just as I had almost given up on trying to figure out what they were, the lights stopped in mid-air still maintaining a triangular shape, hovered for a few minutes, then one of the lights moved and started like dancing around one of the other orbs of light. This movable orb of light did not blink but moved lightening fast dancing around one orb, so close that it looked like it had become one light. 

Then the dancing orb moved quickly back into position while the shape just hovered over our building, then quietly shimmered away in mid-air. These orbs of light didn't move off or anything. It just stood still and shimmered away.

I was completely in shock & awe. My boyfriend tried to take video of this incident, but we couldn't get all of the orbs of light in one frame.

Although I have told a few people of what I saw, and with them looking at me like I was crazy, I have held on to this story (I do not take drugs or drink alcohol). However, with the increase of UFO tv shows coming on, I decided to tell my story on the day I saw a UFO.

I KNOW WHAT I SAW!
