{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-21 23:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491093","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68479","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3988,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/093/mufon-5491093.json","updb_database_id":5491093}
{rjl} Saw two square (cubed) shaped objects in the sky.One arrived first as if waiting for other. The other arived from same direction they then proccedded off in a north east direction..

It was 11:08 when I noticed four blinking lights on a platform that appeared square or rectangular. It was mostly clear last night with only a few clouds. It came from the south along I35, it veered northeast over my house and did not appear to bank. It flew past my house, maybe a quarter mile, on it's north east course, when it stopped and hovered. Hard to tell. It might have been closer. The lights were very bright. I had my binoculars with me. Nothing special just an old Bosch 40 x 20. The structure between the lights was blurry. I live next to Randolph air force base. It is common for planes and helicopters to fly over at night.The lighting on these crafts make the outline of the objects show up through the binoculars. Not on this. What I could make out was a series of what might have been struts holding it together, but the detail was blurred.The lights on it were dazzling. Blue White to ruby red. It was hard to look past the lights to focus on the object. I thought I might be looking at a drone. The lights were flashing and appeared to be changing position on the platform like they were moving or the thing they were connected to was twisting or warping. My eyes were being overwhelmed by the flashes and I got a sense of vertigo from watching. When I lowered my binoculars the lights went out. I thought it disappeared but then out of the corner of my eye I saw another one. Looking just like the first. It flew to where I thought the other one was. It two was flashing the same kind of Blue white light with the one intense red one. I watched it through my binoculars but it was as blurry as the first. It flashed it's red light several times. The light was so intense it seemed to light up the inside of my binoculars. I got that feeling of vertigo again, and put my binoculars down, to rub my eyes. It was still flashing when I looked back, but then it started moving north east again. The first one I saw was back where I first saw it disappear with it's flashing lights on. It then started to follow the second one still heading to northeast, in the direction of Seguin Texas. They moved slowly, (like they were looking or scouting for something) beyond my field of vision, their lights blinking a dimmer version of the white blue light and they started strobing or pulsing pretty fast before completely fading out. I don't know if they turned them off or if they just disappeared, before living my field of view. I checked my watch it was 1118 pm. I saw them for a total of 8 minutes. But it only felt like 2 minutes for the whole thing to happen. That was kind of strange. After they were gone every time I would close my eyes I would see that red light like it seared my retina, like when one glances at the sun or a welding arch. When I closed my eyes to go to sleep I could still see it. But this morning everything is fine.Only I'm kicking myself for not having my phone or camera on me. I wanted to run inside and grab them, but I could not take my eyes off of what I was seeing, and i did not want to loose them or miss anything. That's my story. The only other thing I want to add is as I was watching the second one, for a moment I had I feeling it was watching me, watching it.
