{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-12 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522093","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34002","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3333,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/093/mufon-5522093.json","updb_database_id":5522093}
Looking for shooting stars and saw a dull green pentagon shaped object made up of 6 orb-like spheres.

I was in my back yard smoking a cigarette last night (approx. 11:00, 12/12/11). I remembered that there is going to be a pretty good meteor shower on 12/14 so I looked up to see if there was anything I could see. As I was watching the sky, I did actually see about 4 shooting stars.

I was looking almost straight up when something different from what I had seen of the shooting stars showed up.

I didn't know what it could possibly be. We have planes flying over our home all time because we live near an airport so I have seen my fair share of lights in the sky. This object was totally unfamiliar to me.

It was a pentagon shape made up of 6 orb-like dull green (swamp green) spheres. I couldn't see the actual object (if there was one); only the spheres that made up the shape. The spheres were located at each point of the pentagon and one in the middle of the object. The reason I say "orb-like" is because they didn't emit any light as I would expect them to. When it came into view, it was as if it were coming out of a cloak. I could see the object for about 2 seconds (flying straight) before it vanished the same way it came into view (cloaked). If you were in the dark with a flashlight and something passed by the beam of light, that's what it looked like except a light shining on this object would have made it more visible in my opinion.

It took a second for me to realize I could have just witnessed a UFO. I contemplated in my mind what it could possibly have been to no avail. I stayed outside for a little longer to see if it came back or more could be visible but there was nothing else. There was not much time to analyze more detail of what I had just seen as it was here and gone so fast (about the speed of a shooting star).

I finished my cigarette and went inside but didn't tell my wife about it immediately. I cleaned up the living room a little bit, grabbed a sheet of paper and a pen. I drew out the shape of the pentagram and showed it to my wife. I said, "I just saw this in the sky." She asked if it had any lights on it and I said no then gave her the description from above.

I went outside with my camera to try to take some long exposure shots of the sky to see if I could catch anything else but didn't see anything more.

I wanted to make sure I remembered what I saw, so explaining it to my wife was my backup. This morning, I decided to make an animated GIF image of what I had seen. I tried to make it as accurate as possible so I used a background image of last nights sky.
