{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529862","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25647","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2642,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/862/mufon-5529862.json","updb_database_id":5529862}
Red and white lights in distance

I was driving eastward towards Concord on 24 freeway this past Thursday, 10/1/10 about 12:55a.m.  The driver in front of me started to drive out of his lane. I thought he was drunk, so widely went around him. I looked at him while passing and he was turning his head looking to the right/ahead of us.  I then noticed what he was looking at: Lights in the sky about 1- 2 o'clock to our right and far ahead. There were two red lights diagonal to each other on the left side and a whitish-greenish light to the right. The white/green one was not in alignment with the red ones, but had a similarness that it appeared to be associated with the red ones. I remember recalling that they were in the distance, yet pretty far apart so how could they be "one plane?"  But then I thought that due to the colors (red and greenish) it must be a plane. But these lights were far in the distance (15 miles??) and pretty far apart, yet stayed in the same place for about the one minute I could see them while trying to drive.  I wanted to stop but I was on the freeway near the merge with 680, was tired, and didn't want to risk getting hit from behind should someone else not be paying attention to the road while looking at these lights.   

Then I thought they might have been lights for a concert in the hills or something but realized it was about 1 o'clock a.m. I believe there is a curfew.  Also I thought their location was higher than any hills around the area.  I saw a plane a minute or two later to the left of me over Martinez and it clearly had lights that were closer together, even though the plane was closer to me that the lights had been. 

I saw a 747 type plane flying over my house today at a pretty low altitude and guestimated that if these lights were located on an object in the sky, it must have been huge.

Since I did not see it for a long time, so I may be totally mistaken. But I believe the lights were in the sky, they were in the distance, and they did not look like something familiar to me.
