{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-28 02:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510862","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47526","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4080,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/862/mufon-5510862.json","updb_database_id":5510862}
{nd} Entities came in house and abducted my boyfriend

I am writing this report for my girlfriend, as she is nervous in wanting to tell this story. This event took place towards the end of October, 2010, in a duplex in the woods of Troy Hill, PA. My girlfriend recounts this as a "dream", but the way she tells it and remembers it so vividly scares me and I believe that this could have actually happened. She has never had any odd experiences in her life so for her to have this "dream" seems really strange. I, however have seen my fair share of strange things in the sky and fully believe in aliens and all of that. I convinced her to let me tell this event as it may have actually happened and I would like you guys to check it out, we are willing to discuss the event further and answer any questions you may have. Here it is. I am typing this as she speaks it from here on out.

   I remember it being very early in the morning and I woke up to 5-6 beings in the room. There was a little one standing in front of my closet, 2 tall ones, 1 standing on each side of the little one, 1 to the left by the base of the bed, and 1 or 2 standing off to the right of our bed. The little one was staring at me, not making any sounds or gestures, but by the way he was I guessed that he might have been their leader. As he was looking at me the tall ones started moving around the room, at this point I tried to get up and couldnt move any portion of my body, and couldnt scream or do anything. We were sleeping on an air mattress, so we were only a foot of the floor. One of the talls came over and got behind my head and peered over me, looking down at me, then he walked away. Then him and one or two of the other talls went over to where my boyfriend was sleeping, at this point a bright shining light came through the window and was shining on the floor of the room, lighting up the entire room. As it got brighter, the little one and 2 of the talls moved towards the window and the light and I couldnt see them anymore, I lost sight of them. The rest of the remaining beings all converged on the light and window, and as they are getting close to the window my boyfriends body starts to levitate, lifting into the air. At this time Im not worrying about the beings as Im focusing on my boyfriend elevating into the air, I regain the ability to move and I start screaming and crying and I jump onto my b/fs body. I remember the impact of me landing on him lowered him out of the air a little bit but he continued to rise, Im still screaming and I lose sight of the rest of the beings. It gets super bright, and thats all I remember of the event until I wake up the next morning next to my boyfriend, unusually late. I remember waking up, sweating, and feeling very frightened and it being around noon. I felt like I woke up later than I usually did, and I was very groggy. My b/f also felt like he had slept for way longer than he did, and felt like we had both lost time. He had no memory of this as he stayed asleep the whole time during the event it.

 Now she told me about this "dream" and thats when I told her about my experiences with seeing things in the sky. What scares me is that she can describe this story with amazing detail, and vividly remembers their faces and everything. We were living with her Mom and Step dad at the time and they were in the room next to us. If you guys would like feel free to contact us and wed be glad to answer any questions for you.
