{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5281862","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121611","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7149,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/862/mufon-5281862.json","updb_database_id":5281862}
-Information Only- Daughter spots

During the time period, family was living in the northeast quadrant of Amarillo, TX. On a day that I had just received a UPS-delivered copy of the book , "The UFO Phenomenon", from Time-Life Books, my daughter and I, were also engaged in discussions of both children's approaching road-trip to Berthoud, CO, for an annual, August-stay at their paternal grandparents' residence, on the extreme NE area of Berthoud, CO, for approx. 1-2 weeks, prior to the resumption of the school-year. While discussing the upcoming "stay-over",I opened the shipping container of the previously-mentioned book, when the topic of conversation changed towards the subject-matter of the book, and as I began to "thumb-leaf" through the book's various pages (checking pictures), I had my daughter inquire as to what I was looking at, that I found "so interesting". Gave her a "generic" description of a "book, with reports/information on the 'space-guys', the "things" they fly around in, and some of their "shannagins" that they seem to be up to." After contemplating what I had said for a few moments, she inquired towards what the "space-guys" ("monsters") looked like. After replying that they looked like a "whole-lotta" things, inquired as to why she asked. After bit of hesitation, informed me that during her previous summer's visit/stay-over at the Berthoud, CO location, she had seen a "little monster" at her grandparents' residence, there. Taken aback a bit, but naturally curious, I asked her such as, "What kind of 'monster'? What did it look like? Where was it? What did it do?" After mentally processing inquiries, she responded that the entity looked quite similar to the character "Mantenna", from the time-periodic, popular children's' programs/cartoons of "He-Man/She-Ra", except for the "ears, and how tall." Being familiar with the image/description of the particular program character she was referring to, from the endless sessions of letting the kids watch some T.V. after school, and Saturdays, decided to thumb-leaf through the book's section on the descriptions/renderings, to see if anything matched what she had seen, to best of her recollection. She ended up describing near-perfect accounting of a "Hopkinsville, KY "Goblin", previously described from the 08/21/1955 Hopkinsville, KY encounter, and a few reports thereafter. The entity was spotted during daytime, at close proximity, standing next to the trunk of a large, tire-swing equipped ash tree that was located within the rear yard of the residence, and was resting/bracing its nearest hand upon the tree's trunk. Daughter reported that she had "stopped, and stared" at the entity for a short bit, which was returned in kind by the entity, until she had the idea of making a "Hello. Greetings." gesture of raising open-palmed hand of an arm to approx. shoulder-level, which was returned and mimicked in kind. Likely taking the "little monster" as peaceful/non-threatening, she soon thereafter asked the entity if it intended to make use of the nearby swing. She reported that without movement from the entity's mouth/jaw/neck, it somehow informed her, within her head, that "No,...", and that it "...had no interest in the swing." After thinking about, and mentally processing all of the new information for a few seconds, she reported that she asked it, "What are you doing in my nana's back yard, by the swing?" Reported that again without audibly speaking, was informed inside her head, that it had chosen the particular place to best "hide, and wait" until after nightfall, so that its "friends" could come back to retrieve it, after being forced to depart the area rapidly enough, to having to leave it stranded, until later pick-up. She reported that while she was taking a bit to "think about" what all the entity had "telepathically" communicated, the entity then "suggested" that, "You should go find someplace else to 'play'.", which she readily and happily did, not even thinking about the backyard swing thereafter, during the rest of her 1-2 week long visitation to the area. She said that she hadn't really even given the incident much thought during the time-period since, until the immediate discussion/situation, and described the incident as "weird" when it happened, but had been somewhat "vague" in her mind throughout post-encounter. Reported no fear/alarm, and seemed to associate the entity towards the visual image of the time-periodic cartoon program character of "Mantenna", except for the "ears, and short". The entity was described as somewhat greenish-gray in complexion, appeared unclad without visible genitalia, was quite short into the 3.5'+ range, and had a large, roundish, "pumpkin-head". The upper torso appeared larger/stouter/broader than the slimmer, tapering, lower torso, the hips were distinctive and slightly wider than the lower torso, the legs were somewhat short in appearance, and the arms were longer than normal, with the claw-tipped fingers "almost touching the ground". It was described with rather large hands for the "spindly" nature of its arms/legs, but its feet were obscured by the low foliage being stood in, with what appeared as 4 large digits upon the hands, including a thumb-like digit, and all tipped with smallish claws. The entity was further described as hairless, had bulging, fish-like eyes of a greenish-yellow color spread widely across the face, had a large/wide slit-like mouth, a pair of nostril holes/slits set a little closer to the mouth area than centered between eyes and mouth, a "rounding" to the chin/facial areas, and with large, elephantine-like "ears" (gill-flaps?). The entity was reported as being observed at a range of approx. 30'-40' for approx. 1 minute, and although my daughter could not discern any genitalia, reported "sensing" that it was "male", referring to it as such. Our family had been experiencing several concerning UFO/alien-related encounters over the previous 4-5 months prior to the incident (exemplified by MUFON cases #90639, #94643, and #121379) involving the Amarillo, TX area, causing me to be highly suspicious as to exactly what the entity was doing within the mostly 6' privacy-fence enclosed yard in the first place, with my daughter present at the location, that was complicated/involved enough that the entity was forced to be temporarily abandoned by its comrades and forced to hide among dense ground foliage, until later retrieval. Sketches/map available.
