{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-04 23:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491862","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67691","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3139,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/862/mufon-5491862.json","updb_database_id":5491862}
{dr}Five glowing lights, floating silently overhead from NW to SE. Changed directions but overall kept heading SE

Approximately 11:05 on July 4th, 2015, my husband and I were returning from spending the day with our daughter and her family. As we turned west onto 180th St, I saw pinkish-orange lights in the sky. At first I thought it was fireworks, but they didn't explode or make any noise. There were five round lights flying together from the northwest towards the southeast. Three of them stayed fairly close together, and two of them would move off in different directions, return to the three others, and then move off again. They seemed fairly low in the sky, maybe 1000 feet, although that is just a rough estimation and we had no point of reference.  I could not see any distinguishing features. While fireworks were going off around us at intervals, none were close by, and in the intervals we could tell that there was no sound coming from the slowly moving lights. I thought possibly helicopters, but dismissed that due to the silence and the random flying formation. I stopped the car and asked my husband, Do you see that? What is that? And he said he saw them and didn't know what they were. I looked around but there were no other people out on the street, or I would have called their attention to the objects. 

We saw these lights float gracefully and slowly, in absolute silence, over us and heading towards the southeast. We did not grab cameras although I thought about it, but my phone is new and by the time I could have figured out how to take pictures, the lights were gone. They just blinked out. I asked my husband, 1did we just see a UFO?1 and before he could answer I said, 1Well, we don1t know what it is and it1s flying, so by definition, it is.1 

We had been driving down I-5 for an hour and fireworks had been going off at intervals, so we were kind of keeping an eye on the sky. At first, when I saw these lights, I thought, "fireworks" but as they moved so slowly and silently, I changed that to "helicopters?" and thought, no. Has to be UFO. There was no chopper sound. I was interested and curious and a little excited, but not frightened. My husband describes his emotional response as "interested."

Given that it was Independence Day, I should add that neither my husband nor I had had any alcohol during the day. We do not use any recreational drugs. We had been a little tired coming home, but had full use of our faculties and had been talking in the car- neither of us had fallen asleep.
