{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-07 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507862","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50813","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2437,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/862/mufon-5507862.json","updb_database_id":5507862}
Hovering bright white light joined by identical light which appeared from no where

I was in my room studying for an upcoming exam. Out of the window, I spotted a very bright white light, fairly close to the horizon. At first I dismissed it as some conventional aircraft (most likely a plane) but after a few separate glances I thought it wasn't moving at all. Just hovering, but far too bright to be a star (especially since I live in the middle of a city). Due to recent sightings I'd had from my bedroom window before, i decided to film the light for a while to see if I could capture any abnormalities, thinking to myself if there was nothing I would delete the video and never tell anyone I was silly enough to record it.

As I started recording, the object began to move ever so slowly to the east. It maintained a fairly constant speed and barely even seemed to be moving. I started to think I was just seeing a plane at an odd angle and it was nothing. Just before I shut off the recording function on my phone, a second light appeared right next to the first. It was identical in shape, size and color. The first continued to move to the east, and as I review the tape I realize it did slowly gain speed. The second object moved at a slower pace, but headed in the same general direction as the first.

I followed their continual movement as it moved south-east of the starting position. Eventually I could no longer see them from the window with the camera or my naked eye. I was shocked and somewhat frightened by the experience, and immediately went to show my mother the video. I was also very excited to catch something so odd on video, and have since been unable to explain the sudden appearance of the second object from no where.
