{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-11 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504862","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54019","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2757,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/862/mufon-5504862.json","updb_database_id":5504862}
{cak} I saw 2 satellites different sizes the 1st larger than the 2nd sizes 2nd spedup & and shot something at at the 1st

Between 11:00pm.and 11:15pm., on the 7th of August 2013. As I was going out of the back, door facing West to take my dog for a walk, as I do every night. I saw what appeared to be 2 (two) satellites of different sizes, and brightness. They almost appeared as if they were moving in tandem. These objects were what looked like that they were above most communication. The lead object appeared about the size, and reflective brightness of the International Space Station. The trailing or following object appeared to be the size of a communication satellite. I asked my son if he was seeing the same thing that I was watching. He responded with a yes. They passed between the first 2 (two) stares in the handle of the Big Dipper as they moved toward the east. They kept about the same distance apart. The lead object made a change in its course from west to east to an east-northeasterly direction the following object also made the same change in its course, as they passed through Cassiopeia. Just after they passed through Cassiopeia, the trailing object sped up slightly, and shot something at the lead object. Which got a whoa response from both my son and myself. It looked like it hit the lead object, but there was no apparent change to the object. At least there was not any visible damage from the ground. Like I stated before these objects were way up there. The entire event took only roughly 45-50 seconds a minute at the most. I watched both objects until they flew out of sight. They appeared to be at an elevation slightly higher than normal communication satellite, or at least they appeared to be. I live in a town where there are less than 135 people. Even though it is lit up fairly well you can see more stars than in a town or city with a larger population. Therefore, I watch the night sky on regular basics I know what satellites,  aircraft, both fixed wing and helicopters, meteorites all look like. As stated previously stated these objects looked like satellites. I have never seen satellites act in this manner before.
