{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-05-18 01:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452862","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108773","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3062,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/862/mufon-5452862.json","updb_database_id":5452862}
UFO hovering quietly for 10 mins then see a light beam come down from UFO then goes away quickly

It was 1 am during summer vacation. I was a t a friends house and we stayed up chatting. Her older brother also had friends over who were also up recording music lyrics till one guy had to get his charger from the car. After he leaves he immediately calls my friends brother to come outside. We all go outside. As soon as we go out side we see what we first thought it was a helicopter. We all stood in awe starting jot sure what it is. We talked to each other asking questions and the ufo kept circling around this land. My friend lives in a townhouse community and she lived near the pool and near the pool is a median of grass and trees. If you walk through it is another townhouse community separated from my friends. This ufo was hovering between. We then realized it wasn't a helicopter because it made no noise and there was no wind or sound that night, just completely silence at 1am. We weren't scared so a few mins pass by and we finally see some change from all the hovering. Then....we see a light beam shine down. We were all paralyzed with fear for a few seconds then ran back into the house. We run in to tell my friends mother and we all go back outside to show her but of course it's gone. We head back in and we all just forget about it. Me and my friend are in the living room by ourselves now talking about what just happened when I hear a buzzing noise in my ear. It makes me feel uncomfortable and my friend feels it too. We decide to go outside her porch for air till we see this cylinder ufo hovering over my friends house!!!! I know this sounds crazy but this happened. Not even 2 seconds pass as were going out the pitch that we ran back inside crying running back to my friends mom. Eventually she tells us we watched too many scary movies and to go sleep. The next morning I decide to go see where the ufo was hovering by myself because everyone slept in. I checked and nothing was there. Just a plain field of grass. We had this on video and when we replayed then ufo we got a glimpse of it before the static interferes. Then maybe 2 weeks later I return to my friends house and this time we see a swarm of light orbs in the sky that were flying above us and some were going in and out of the median......in the end of this story I had to call my mom to pick me up because I was so frightened and she also saw these lights but couldn't explain them.
