{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-16 20:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474862","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85448","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3060,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/862/mufon-5474862.json","updb_database_id":5474862}
{rjl} Black Bird-Shape High above Horizon

I was taking photographs in late evening because around sunset the clouds tend to show up in beautiful formations. That night they were primarily brilliant white against the still-bright blue. I had been taking most photographs facing the west/northwest and south, but turned to take a few photographs facing the east and northeast. I didn't see anything other than sky and clouds (and houses and trees) while taking the photographs. 

Later, when I looked at the photos on my phone, I noticed a black dot in the upper right corner of one of the photos. After zooming in as much as I could, I realized it was what I thought was a bird in flight high above the horizon. I couldn't tell what kind of bird, except that it seemed like it would have had to be large and it was black. I showed my mom the photo, wondering if she could tell what kind of bird, and her best guess was an eagle. 

I didn't think to look at my bird photo again until later that night, after actually seeing a completely different, but also unknown, object in the sky which I was able to record via my iphone's camera (that object was in the sky to the north/north-west, and was first seen by my father who then called my mom and me out to see it).

After seeing the flying object later that night, I decided to take a second look at my bird photo from earlier, remembering how large it seemed in proportion to the rest of the photograph and thinking I might as well take a second look. I transferred the contents of my iPhone's photos in internal storage to my laptop (which has a large screen and an excellent zoom capability!), went through the photos and finally came to the bird photo and when I zoomed in, I was no longer certain it was a bird; whether that's because of what I saw in the sky subsequent to taking this photograph or because it doesn't actually look like a bird, I don't know. (It may very well be a bird; but, that's why I'm submitting it to you!).

The photo I'm submitting along with this report is what I call my "bird photo"; however, there was identifying information (address visible) in the original, full photograph so I simply kept the original aspect ratio and cropped the photo so that information was no longer visible. I tried to keep enough of the photograph visible so that some sense of proportion will be preserved.
