{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-19 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487128","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72544","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5552,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/128/mufon-5487128.json","updb_database_id":5487128}
{cak} Giant Fireball UFO with Gyro Structure around it hovering over mountain.

[Link moved to FI Section/cms/tg]<<<< see the video here.

This is a very long story. why because i have been researching fireballs over riverside county for over 5 years and discovered exactly what they are and how to find them what i discovered is one of the biggest secrets in america right now i assure all. Three years ago i began showing the world. the video above is my most recent footage of these strange gyro like fireballs that began appearing in our night skies shortly after the 911 incident. Why i grew up right where i live now in the desert and for decades i watched the night skies and charted every star i could as a small boy then one day there where dozens of new stars never before seen then over time i began to notice more and more and more of them. Really i don't think so and determined something amazing in our universe happened i was unaware of or we are being invaded somehow and the ufo's are hiding in plain sight. These ufo object had one issue and that issue was me. why i just discovered something right out of star wars hiding in our night sky and have countless photos and video raw footage filmed over a three year time period over the valley near palm springs california and palm desert. ok you want proof i will make this easy buy a powerful led flashlight wait till about 9pm them go outside and shine that light at every star close by if it moves or pulsate or spins you found them. Prove me wrong if you dare, as i only will prove this as fact.

the object itself is actual square like but more like a ball filled with outside triangles around it as structure in the center is a giant ball on fire with a large electrode arm discharging some sort of spare powering the fireballs flame? i noticed one there were three large triangle craft attached to the bottom of the structure of this gyro. i once observed a triangle detach and decent 1000ft strait down then suddenly stop and hover turn right and then fly off never making a sound a second sighting days later had similarities to the first however this time the craft came down over the top of our house while i tried to videotape it cruising across the night sky when it stopped it began to turn while hovering the two yellow lights came one they were approx 12 to 16 inches across however these were not lights at all they were some extremely advanced robotic eyeballs i was shocked as this aircraft was alive it's no joke i can show the world right now where these new robot plains hide. this aircraft had stealth like side burner and afterburner on a micro size scale if you were 10 ft away you might hear the after burner however i was 50 ft directly under the craft and hear nothing i could see the flame but zero noise this was the creepiest experience i have had in my lifetime.
I truly believe i discovered something no human in america is suppose to know about a secret so secret that even with hard evidence the denial clause will block all effort and hope of ever learning exactly what these craft are, Here is my opinion, if you look nationwide you will discover a pattern as i have about fireballs over america, i created a whole show around this one subject alone. What i learned is not only amazing its shocking, it's a wakeup call into reality and i'd like to prove it.
You all saw the terminator at the movies right remember the robotic plains? what if i could show you they are very real and are over your area right now would you listen i hope so because i'm going to say this only once, I (HAVE PROOF SKYNET IS REAL) and its fully aware and it active right now. america calls it the star wars program the very programs some claim was shut down and incompleted, wrong and i can prove it your infamous illusion weapon people dramatically over conspirasize about is very real and it part of these fireballs we learned that fact when the ufo known as the phoenix lights parked itself over palm springs california feb 22 2010 at 1045 pm facing exactly due east... really all this activity in one area yes. Its the main reason i'm 73402 here now reporting like this, in addition to this short truth i'm uploading the raw footage of my recent sighting and other photos of these same fireball gyros remember i have countless pictures and video much is uploaded to youtube at the link i provided above all footage is real and only filmed by myself
