{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-09-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548128","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"12286","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3296,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/128/mufon-5548128.json","updb_database_id":5548128}
Jet in hot persuit.

Itwa my son-in- law/s berthday gathering we heard a jet fly overhead at low altitude headed east over our house. My youngest son and I ran out of the house onto our deck in the back yard able to briefly see a jet on full afterburner. I recognized this jet as an F-16 because of the Silhouette of the empennage and the diamond pattern in the single jet exhaust and I also know that F-161s routinely stopover at Peterson AFB as I have seen them both on the ground and arriving and departing. After the jet flew over the houses both my son and I ran through the house to the front yard where my other son was already there... jumping from excitement at the sight of the jet flying at such low altitude.
Then to the east (the direction the jet was flying) I saw a bright light almost Venus-like, traveling north about the speed of a private airplane. This light varied in intensity like the flash of an electrical arc1 a welder1s arc, which appeared pure white almost an ice blue color with brief flashes of red, blue and possibly green1almost as a diamond does when light is reflected from it. It was flying at an altitude of about four fingers held at arms length above the nearby horizon at least a mile and a half away or possibly somwhere in the vicinity of Shriever AFB wich lies a few miles further.
All of a sudden, it appeared that this 1light1 sensed that the jet was approaching and accelerated to a velocity that bordered on scary. 
NEVER in my life have I ever seen anything accelerate like this object, in fact there was no transition from slow to fast1 one moment it was flying slow and the next moment it was almost too fast to follow with the eye with no acceleration in between. It was as though the fast-forward button had been pushed on a DVD player with the action moving from normal to fast-forward in an instant. The approaching jet banked to the left (north) in pursuit but had no chance whatsoever to catch this object and the object sped off to the north out of my line of vision in less than 5 seconds1 the jet however lingered in my sight for a seemingly longer period of time.
I feared reporting this event when it took place to anyone because of any possible repercussions i.e., government agents; MIB1s; military personnel and the like,threatening to make me disappear or whatever if I told my story to anyone. But that evening were there were at least three witnesses on the ground and I know the pilot of the F-16 saw that something was there and since NORAD in Cheyenne Mountain is nearby they would have had to have been aware of this object and that it posed somekind of a threat otherwise they would not have scrambled a jet out of Pete field to investigate.
