{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485128","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74654","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2187,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/128/mufon-5485128.json","updb_database_id":5485128}
Oval, bright light, giant. moving back and forth from W to E. Later it disapeared incredably fast towards south

I was triing to fall asleep in my best friends house when i noticed a light outside the window. We were about 12 years old at that time. But there's still no reasen to have doubt about what I say. I woke my friend up to show him what i saw outside. So my friend saw the object as well. The object was quiet far away, i guess, but it still seemed giant. It was about as big as the full moon. It was a cloudy night, so the object must have been extremely bright. It was clearly behind the clouds. When I first niticed the object i emidiately thought I was seeing an UFO, I hat no idea what it could be. We watched the objekt moving back and forth from W to E for about 10 minutes. Than it suddenly flew away extremly fast (seemed like light velocity, as known from movies) towarts south, right across our heats. During the sighting my friend and me wondered wheather we should try to take a video but it was night and all we had at that time was a Nintendo DS camara which had quiet bad quality. On the one hand we were a bit scared eventhough there was no evidence of attacs or so. On the other hand we were curious. We wanted to fnd out what we saw. We still talk about that incident often and we're still sure that we did not see an airplane or anything like that. There were NO position lights, it was NOT moving like any known terrestrial aircraft, it was only oval, bright (not flashing) and giant. Please excuse me for spelling or grammar mistakes. As you know i'm from Germany :D
