{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-17 21:24:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516128","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42007","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2862,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/128/mufon-5516128.json","updb_database_id":5516128}
{dr}Came/left, Mental contact, varied

recorded are the recent ufo sightings given, Otherwise I have had about ten with various outcomes. First noticed in 2010, with last sighting about 2 weeks ago. First encounter was white saucer object hiding in clouds withe the apparent intention of getting my attention. After a brief "mental" talk it left, and continued to receive throughout the rest of the day from various people who gave a sort of avatar of them selves to left me see what they look like. At the end of the day, I tried to contact mentally again, and did so provocatively, and it took what it put in my right ear, which was a sort of pulsing device to monitor? Afterwords I made up and was given back. That same day I received a "key", which was essential to using something for spiriitual benefits, and lost in what seemed to be disbelief, and than later what appearred to be "evil" looking veggie tales characters. The next day I meet someone who looked like a red necular white cloud who was I believe the regional solar sys administrator? I later meet again though seemed shocked with me after a second though, seemed sensitive to thoughts. around this time I also meet what seemed like the president in a "mental" channel, though I doubt this given that it may have been "proxyed" given how he mistook me for something else. After a few events, his last words were "you? have/be a/the....(something spiritual power).....now that would be very upsetting". 
 The latest sightings usually come in a form that gives mental/emotional clarity of a sort which seems as there purpose given that they seem to want me to stay here for whatever reason. A few day ago, a red giant was seen in the south western sky moving to a different place, and it was clearly a star from what it seemed at first at the late evening, or was it? I look forward to meeting these people sometime, even though I appear to them as a small child. 

 In a more recent sighting around july ninth, I saw another white saucer west of lincoln, and left and then came back giving off smoke as if damaged, another came, and they both left I believe. It was only partialy observed. around the 10th of august I was a white "cigar" far east of lincoln for a few seconds before it left.
