{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-12-07 19:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479128","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80977","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2782,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/128/mufon-5479128.json","updb_database_id":5479128}
{cak} For about the last month there has been a bright planet looking light, but one night it moved and hovered and disappeared, then military showed up

I was on my porch looking at the night sky about a month ago, when I noticed an out of place light in the sky pretending to be a planet. I knew it was not, as it is way too close for one, and I looked at the charts and it isn't supposed to be there. I've been watching it for weeks, wondering what it is. There is a secret military place here that has increased activity in the last year. I live in a very rural area of New Mexico surrounded by Reservation land, and this secret military place. On December 5th, I went out with my dog, and as usual, looked up at it, but this time, it was not as bright and was dancing or hovering in the sky. It was doing what I call, a jig, back and forth, up and down, ever so slightly, maybe by my sight in half inch movements, almost like it was trying to stay in one place but didn't have full control. I was in awe and freaked out a bit as I knew it wasn't normal to begin with. It seemed to have three separate lights attached to it like a triangle but in a circle. I tried to record the event, but after 3min38sec my video suddenly shut off and could not get it back on. I watched as this light danced around for approx. 45 minutes, then it disappeared and 6 military helicopters suddenly appeared over the hill around where the light was and appeared to be circling. I went inside out of fear. We have a lot of military activity lately and they have seen me take photos of them. I'm not sure what I saw, but the light is now back to looking like a planet and rotating with the earth, bright in the evening sky. you can see it before dark even it's so bright. I don't know what to think to be honest. I'm attempting to upload the video to youtube now. I've also taken photos over the weeks of this light. I really don't know what I saw, but I saw something and I'm not crazy.
