{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-10-03 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495128","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64318","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3580,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/128/mufon-5495128.json","updb_database_id":5495128}
{dr}Black triangle hovering overhead

It was a couple days before my 18th birthday. All day something in my head kept telling me I need to go for a drive that night. So around 7, my friend, my girlfriend and I went for a drive. My friend asked where to and the same voice from earlier told me the metroparks. We drove around the metroparks for about an hour until clear as day I heard this is the spot. I told my friend to pull over and we sat there outside the car listening to the radio for about 20 minutes still wondering what we were doing here. I looked up toward the treeline and saw something big flying real slow just above the trees. I pointed and asked my friend if he sees what I'm seeing and as soon as I did, the radio shut off. My girlfriend freaked out, jumped in the drivers seat and frantically tried to start the car but it wouldn't start. I've heard of this happening but was astonished that it was actually true. I told her it wasn't going to start and to just relax. Another car was driving down the road as the object came closer and that car stalled out also. The object was a black triangle with a white light on each corner of the bottom with a larger white light in the middle. Looked a lot like the black triangle from Belgium in 89 but this one was bigger. It flew in at a slow crawl. I was able to walk faster. It was as long as a football field and about 3 storys tall. It looked all black until the moon light hit it and then I could see a metallic color. It also had a window on its right side toward the top that was about 20 foot long and 3 foot high that I could see light coming from. That freaked me out because if I could see in, then there was something on the inside that could look out. As I walked up to it against my friends better judgement, I picked up a rock and threw it at the object. I think I hit it because it looked like some kind of forcefield came up around it. Best way I can describe it is on a really hot day when you see the steam coming up off the road and you can see the air moving. It stopped and hovered. As I walked within 50 feet of it, I can hear it making a low pitch, pulsating hum which I could feel as a static electricity pulsating through my body. I yelled to my friend if they could hear it but they couldn't . I walked directly under it for a couple minutes in which time I had a conversation in my head that's still unclear. All I remember hearing at the end was their coming we have to go. It then rose back above the treeline and continued on its original path. A couple minutes later, a military jet flew over and a minute after that 2 more right next to each other at the same altitude and direction as the object. We jumped in the car, made sure we all saw the same thing and got out of there. The next morning I woke up confused and feeling funny. I put on the shirt from last night and realized I had a big pink blotch on the right shoulder of my blue shirt. Nobody ever wanted to talk about what happened after that.
