{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-21 01:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491128","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68445","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2248,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/128/mufon-5491128.json","updb_database_id":5491128}
The object lit up like a Diamond catching the light

I have just finished work, and was out side in my back garden having a smoke before I went to bed. It's was about 01:15 am. It was a Beautiful clear night and the stars was out and could clearly see the dipper consolation. As I was looking at the stars, I noticed a bright flash to my left, it was more like a slow flash,if that makes any sense. The object was travelling from south to North. It was a brilliant Pure White light and then faded out after a few seconds it happened again, each time it faded in and out the light never got dimmer or brighter, it was just the Brilliant White light. Each pulse lasted for about A second, then about 3 seconds later it was back on. I know it was not a playing as I live under one of the flight paths of Bristol airport and I'm used to the flight patterns in this Area. I also work on the beach as a warden and i do search and rescue as well and I very aware of what flares and helicopters look like day and night. As the object went pretty much overhead going towards the Big Dipper and out of site I then noticed much higher in the sky what appeared to be a satellite moving across the sky, so I grabbed my laser pen and confidently put the laser on it, as I new it wasn't a plan or A helicopter. To my amazement it stopped Dead in its tracks I flashed the laser again and it started to move. I turned to go in the back door into the kitchen to grab my phone so I could film what was going on, I came back out and it was gone. I have spent all day going over what I had seen knowing it wasn't a Chinese lantern, aeroplane, flare or helicopter, and definitely not swamp gas.
