{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-06 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502128","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56891","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2843,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/128/mufon-5502128.json","updb_database_id":5502128}
{dr}I seen two triangle shaped crafts zooming through the sky as if the one behind it was following the other one. I seen them what looked like a crash but they were extremely close ,right on top if eacher.Then the were right beside one another.

I can't explain it but,I has this sudden urge to go outside to look up into the nighttime sky, when out out nowhere these two triangle shaped crafts zoomed by me in such a fast rate of speed with no sound what so ever. That's when I started really watching them because,I was certain that they weren't any type of airplanes that I've ever seen in my life! It was the craziest thing I've ever witnessed. It first looked like the one behind was chasing the one in the lead but then something even crazier happened. The one that was very close behind caught up to the one in front and it looked like they crashed into each other right in front of me.it was crazy and rather scary for me to watch. Then out if nowhere these crafts some how connected and the disconnected continuing to follow very close to each other in a line formation while going at a very speed.I've never seen anything like this ever! I knew it wasn't an airplane as I also spotted one in the sky as these two crafts were flying.I observed what looked like to be a reddish color fast blinking lights on all three sides at these triangle ships. I watched them zoom through through the nighttime sky and seen other lights that looked like stars blink off as unsurpassed it then turned back on as if they were signaling one another. I stated to notice that it was a pattern with these things as they zoomed through the sky. And the lights we simply think that are just stars started to do odd things as if it had a purpose. The weirdest thoughts of an obsession take over started to race through my mind and I can't help not to wonder what the heck is really going on up in our sky while we live our life's never really looking up and studying our sky's. It's time that all of us start waking up and searching for the truth!It's out there and its our duty as humans to find it!DON'T BELIEVE EVERYTHING THEY TELL US BECAUSE,THEIR TRUTH IS TINGED WITH LIES. BE WISE BE AWARE SOMETHING IS OUT THERE HIDING IN PLAN SIGHT right in front of our eyes!
