{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-10-29 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286128","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117262","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9861,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/128/mufon-5286128.json","updb_database_id":5286128}
1 stationary light, changed color, emitted flame, dropped, split into 3, continued to drop, split again, 8-9 objects froze, then took off hypersonic

I'm writing to report/verify if there were any other reports (or video of) a siting I had on or about the night of October 27, 2007 in Phoenix, AZ (though I could have the year wrong -- I can verify if I dig up my photos from the party in question -- unfortunately, I did not get photos of the siting). My wife and I were having our then-annual Halloween party at our house in Phoenix. We lived at [street address removed], which roughly borders Phoenix, Scottsdale, and Paradise Valley. We had a 1+ acre horse property in a small neighborhood of similar properties, though our neighborhood was embedded within typical high-population-density communities in the urban/suburban landscape of Phoenix. At the time I was 35 years old, and a partner at a Phoenix law firm. Among other things, I practiced commercial litigation, and aviation cases.

Our home had a covered patio with food and drinks, where everyone was congregating at the time. It was a clear night, and I could see some faint stars (given the light pollution there, you don't see many stars, and those you do see are dim). I walked out into the unlit backyard for whatever reason (perhaps to check on the horses in the back part of our property), and an unusually-bright, seemingly-stationary, white or yellow ball of light at about 35- to 45-degrees elevation in the southeast sky grabbed my attention. Living near Sky Harbor Airport (and being a private pilot myself), I was used to seeing plenty of aircraft. At first I thought it might be an aircraft, and that it's stationary appearance could be attributed to the fact that it was approaching me head-on. (I'll note that, if it was a commercial or transport aircraft, it was in a part of the sky I wouldn't normally see aircraft on approach or departure, and it being night, it was not likely it was a general aviation aircraft.) I watched it for maybe ten or fifteen seconds to try and see some apparent movement, but there was none. At that point, it looked like it burst into "flames," and it began falling at a fairly-rapid descent straight down. So to summarize, white/yellow bright ball, perfectly stationary, then orange/fiery falling straight down, as if something had been holding it and then let go, and with a fiery tail. My initial reaction was horror, as I thought I was watching an air disaster occurring before my eyes. Or that it was VERY far off and VERY high up, and was perhaps a satellite or space debris re-entering the atmosphere (hence the fiery appearance). However, I was naturally confused about why it would change from being stationary to falling straight down, since typically something entering the atmosphere, like a meteorite or something man-made falling out of orbit, would appear to move at an angle toward the horizon, rather than falling literally straight down. The thought crossed my mind that it was Chinese lanterns, but they typically ascend, rather than descend, and it seemed impossible for me to see them at the height and distance they were in the sky (especially without me having seen them ascending before-hand, and their genesis being from a stationary ball of light). I also thought it could be a flare from a military aircraft, but that would be a very strange time and place for a military aircraft to do that (although Phoenix does have various military installations and bombing ranges). 

Moments later, I became even more confused about what I was seeing because the falling, fiery ball split into three separate falling, fiery balls, that continued to descend in the same fashion, also with the fiery tail of the original object. Any chance it was something like lanterns, an aircraft, comet/meteorite, or spacecraft breaking up was abated when those three then split again, into (my best recollection) about three more falling, fiery balls each. The now-approximately 8 or 9 fiery balls fell briefly, then immediately stopped, frozen in mid air. The cessation of their motion was not gradual, but immediate, much like the transition of the initial light from stationary to falling was immediate. When they halted, they went back to the bright white/yellow of the initial ball. They all stopped at different elevations, so they formed a sort of constellation. At some point while I was watching all this, I was calling for my wife, or anyone else, to come verify what I was seeing, but the party was in full swing, the music was blaring, and nobody came out. Their view would otherwise have been blocked by our patio roof and/or a huge Chilean mesquite tree growing immediately off our patio pad, and/or by a 15' tall RV carport that was behind the mesquite.   

A few moments later, the multitude of now-stationary, white/yellow balls all departed in different directions (upwards towards space, not downward) at an unfathomable speed, and then they were gone (think a depiction of a Star Wars or Star Trek ship accelerating to light/warp speed). I was astounded by what I had seen (and highly disappointed nobody else came out to see the phenomenon). I would say the whole event took place in less than a minute. I did not even bother trying to capture cell phone footage of it because back then, cell phone cameras and operating systems were so slow that I did not think I could get my phone camera turned on in time to capture the event, and because I did not want to miss any of what I was seeing with my naked eyes.

Since then I have felt that, with the size of the Phoenix metropolitan area and population (roughly 3.5mm people at the time), SOMEONE else had to have seen it, and hopefully captured it on video. So, by way of this email, I wanted to both (a) report the incident, and (b) see if you have any other reports or footage of the event. I can tell you that while watching the show Paranormal Caught on Camera about a year ago, I saw footage someone had captured of a very similar event as what I witnessed. I tried to find it again but could not seem to locate it easily. There was a clip shot on 12/8/19 Mesa, AZ (from Season 2, Ep 21) that was similar in that the object appeared unusually bright and stationary, then began dropping other objects, however it was different in that (a) the initial object itself did not drop, (b) none of the objects had fiery tails, (c) none of the dropped objects subsequently split, and (d) there was no subsequent departure -- I think they all just disappeared. There is also footage on YouTube from Milwaukee, WI shot on July 26, 2015 that is very similar, but still a little different. In the clips, I can't tell if the object was stationary to begin with. However, the way it fell looks very close to what I saw, namely straight down and with a fiery tale. Also similar in the way it stopped suddenly. However, it was different in that (a) it did not appear to split as it fell, or split again, (b) here were not multiple objects that fell then stopped perfectly still, and (c) there was no visible rapid departure back upward, but it instead looks like it just disappeared. I really wish I could track down the footage that was shown on Paranormal Caught on Camera because it was remarkably similar. 

Anyway, if you want any other information, please feel free to ask. And can you please let me know if anyone else reported the phenomenon I saw in Phoenix that night? If anyone got footage, I would love to see it. By the way, while this incident has ever since stuck vividly in my mind and captivated me, I decided to finally put pen to paper (so to speak) and report it because I just finished watching the 4-part UFO documentary on Showtime and hopefully more info has come out now that the whole field is being taken more seriously. Incidentally, I did have two other sitings in Phoenix that occurred during the day. The first of those day sitings was what essentially looked like a very large water softener (i.e., it was a very large, flat grey cylinder) floating for quite some time laterally and slightly upward, til I lost sight of it in some clouds. My older brother was there and watched it with me. The duration of that siting was probably a good five minutes. The other daylight siting was what can best be described as a white-hot cube having a mechanical appearance (think of the puzzle box in Hellraiser, only with the various details on it being three dimensional) that came streaking down from the sky and disappeared below the treeline to the north of my house. My wife and stepfather-in-law were in the pool with me, and they saw it as well. We all were dumbfounded at having seen it because it was so out of the ordinary, being truly cubical, and with so much visible, mechanical-appearing detail on its sides. It also appeared very close such that as it was streaking down, I thoroughly expected to hear or feel an impact in the distance from it striking the ground, and/or possibly see smoke if it was some sort of aircraft crashing. However, there was no noise, no thud, and no smoke. I've seen plenty of shooting stars in Arizona, and this was definitely not one, especially since it occurred during broad daylight and had a very manmade appearance.
