{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-08-08 22:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547128","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"18556","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2631,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/128/mufon-5547128.json","updb_database_id":5547128}
7 or more UFOs

I was waiting in Beckington Park to be picked up by a friend it was 10.43 PM ish. 
i just finished a cigerette. it was a clear sky and full moon.

I looked up because it was a fluke and i noticed it was a bright night, just then i caught sight of a bright orange in colour fire like disc thing floating left in the sky i saw it was it came into view from behind the villiage hall roof.

i could not tell how far away from me, but they looked like they were above the next field.

i thought it was maybe a plane or something, but it was all fire like orange and in a kind of disc shape, hard to tell as it had like a glow round it. it was silent..then i thought i had seen a shooting star.

it was flying north from me over that feild.

all of a sudden i saw another identical thing flying in the same path as the other and flew in an almost straight line..it met up with the first..which was now stationary. Then as i was trying to figure out what they were i saw three more, again flying along the same path, but one was higher than the others. they were all the same shape size and colour, and appearing from the same direction, they all went at slightly differnt speeds and then they caught up with the first..they were silent no sound at all. 

Slowly the first began to fade/disapear i couldnt tell if it was going away or just fading away.

the other four got so close together..too close...as if they could crash and then began to do the same..disapear from view. In the same place as the first one was fading.

They all disappeared...

I thought that was the end of it..but no... three more came from the same direction again heading left to the same area as the others..they were flying at differnt heights, one was higher, and one was slower and further behind. They again did the same they began to disapear...there were just those three now at this point..Then just as the first ones they too faded away..

Im not one for beliving in UFOs but that has to be the strangest thing i have ever seen in my life.
