{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-12-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477899","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82248","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2591,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/899/mufon-5477899.json","updb_database_id":5477899}
{rjl} flying/hovering orbs of white/yellow light that occasionally glow red moving in ways that modern aircraft do not

December 2016
My friend called me saying that he saw ufos flying near his house. Naturally i was skeptical about his claim but i have known him for nearly 20 years and and in that time i have never known him to be a liar. He told me that these lights he has seen near his house where he has lived for the past five years always came across as headlights to a car. While hanging out by the fire pit one day he actually paid attention to these lights and saw that these lights move in ways that a car with headlights does not move. Immediately assuming these were lights from an airplane, i asked him if he was sure they weren't airplanes.
He told me that airplanes do NOT move in this matter.
soon after this i ended up moving in with him, and within the first two days of being there i sat outside with him all night and (soberly) observed these lights.
I have seen drones fly. I have seen helicopters and airplanes fly. I have never until then seen anything aside from an insect or humming bird fly in this manner. Let alone a "machine" that lights up.
THESE ARE UFOS.
I began to tell some friends and family about this and they all just assumed that i lost my mind. When I told my girlfriend about it she even called me crazy, but she gave me a chance to show her and her kids.
When they came we began to flash these lights with a couple of high powered flashlights and THEY FLASHED BACK THE SAME SEQUENCE.

I see these ufos in the same area every single night. These are real UFOs. I am not crazy. i do not wear foil hats and go crazy on a bunch of government conspiracies. I have not included pictures of these lights because it only looks like headlights in the distance on a "shaky hand" recording. If you would like me to actually record this and send it to you, i will. 
But without a quality camera with night vision (which i do not have) it will not show much.
