{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-17 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528899","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26649","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2423,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/899/mufon-5528899.json","updb_database_id":5528899}
Color changing (blue,white,green,red) star-like shape

I was on a plane heading towards South-East Europe. It was cloudy at the time, but below us - we were flying just above layers of clouds. The dark sky above us and in front was crisp clear. There were stars on the bright night sky. I was looking in front of me and I noticed an object that is (two-three times) bigger and brighter than the rest of the stars. It was positioned very low on the horizon, just above the layer of clouds line. It was changing its colors from white, green, red to blue. It was mostly white and blue. It seemed the object was changing position - verticaly up and down a little, but I thought that is because I was seeing it from a plane and through a layer of atmosphere so it flickered a little. First thing I thought is that it must be Jupiter or Venus. A friend of mine is a astro-photographer and he told me couple of days before this flight that there were some Solar activities (solar flare). I thought it is the reaction of Jupiter's and Venus's atmosphere to the Solar wind. When I was watching this I had a feeling that this object is something not natural and not usual. I lost the sight of the object as soon as the plane started to descent through clouds. 

I was not able to take a photo or a movie with my telephone. When a friend of mine (to whom I told this story) sent me the links from youtube and asked me if this is the thing I saw I was stunned because it was almost identical to what I saw. Youtube is full of recent videos from Italy, Austria, San Francisco and Ghana where people reported the same thing - Color changing light UFO. 

Please do not release my information to the media because of possible job related complications. You can give my contact only to somebody who is investigating these cases. Thank you.
