{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-15 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496899","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62479","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7220,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/899/mufon-5496899.json","updb_database_id":5496899}
{nd} I have seen many UFOs, and I saw a translucent being in the year 2012.

I first saw UFOs on July 2, 2012: and a few months later, I saw some translucent being in like the early fall of the year 2012. I watched this being for maybe 2 through 5 hours, but I didn't time it. The first UFOs that I ever saw, on July 2, 2012, where bluish, greenish, and violet. I saw like 8 UFOs that night.

Anyways, I am a blogger, and I made a blog about the UFOs I have seen, and also the being that I saw in the year 2012. The following is from My blog that I made almost a year ago:

First off, I saw My alien in August of 2012. I have been seeing the UFOs (every day except when its cloudy out) for exactly 5 months now, since September 8th of 2013.

Ill now explain My alien encounter: It must have been August of 2012, and it was very windy out that day. It was bright and sunny outside and it was warm because it was the summer. To make a long story short, I noticed a certain tree was blowing funny, it was windy outside. I ended up getting My BB gun to look more closely at the anomaly- the tree that was blowing too much. I sat on My bed and looked outside at the tree. At first I didnt notice anything peculiar. I was just looking at the said tree with a 4 power scope attached to a Daisy air rifle. Then after a few minutes, something appeared in My scope. It was a ~3 foot circle, greyish green, with 2 "eyes". They werent eyes but they were letting light pass right through the holes and they were positioned in the middle of the greyish green circle. Im going to call this circle with the two "eyes" a "face". So I proceeded to stare at this "face" with My BB gun, sitting on My bed in My abode.

A few minutes later came splashes of light through the forehead of the "face". It wasnt producing any light, rather, it was producing holes that the ambient light could pass through. Circle after circle of light was passing though, every second or so: this lasted for maybe a half an hour or so, but I didnt time anything.

Next the whole "face" thing disappeared and something else was there. What appeared was the alien itself, translucent or transparent. I honestly didnt know what I was looking at, at that time; I was dumbfounded by the whole encounter to be candid. Anyways, I noticed the alien moving around and looking at Me. It was hard to observe because the alien was translucent or transparent. I saw the aliens face, body, arms, maybe a leg and foot, and his nose from the side view. The alien was about 15 yards from Me, on top of My neighbors roof the whole time. The alien didnt move from on top of My neighbors roof, but it was moving in place. I saw the alien moving his head around, looking at Me; and its a good thing he was moving his head because I wouldnt have been able to discern it otherwise. I saw the alien moving its hand and arm back and forth to its head very fast. 

Ohh yeah, and later I did a calculation, and the alien must have been 3 or 4 feet tall. If two roof shingles/caps equal a foot.

It was a very spiritual experience for Me and I think about My alien encounter every day; and I bet you would think of aliens too if you literally saw one like I did. Weird, I know, but it still happened.

The whole time I was watching the alien was a long time, maybe two through four hours. All I know is that it was daylight out when I first started watching the alien, and I stopped watching the alien when it got dark out and I couldnt see the alien good. Its hard to watch a translucent alien at night even though it was about 15 yards away.

So thats what I remember of My alien encounter and I will never forget it, even though its a little vague now.

Next, the UFOs.

I see UFOs on a daily basis, except when its cloudy outside. I first noticed the UFOs on September 8th of 2013. But I did see UFOs one day on July 2, 2012, but I didnt see those for more then a few minutes.

Anyways, I first noticed the UFOs that I see every day (practically) on September 8th of 2013. I noticed a "star" that started out higher in the sky, then the next time I went to smoke a cigarette it was lower and to the right; then next time I went to smoke, it was gone. The next day I critically observed this "star" and I noticed it was moving in place; I figured it must be a UFO. I then noticed more and more "stars" move over the next few weeks until I drew the conclusion that all the "stars" in My sky are actually UFOs.

The UFOs disguise themselves as "stars" in the sky but they actually move. The UFOs move in every direction, but you cant discern if they are moving closer or farther away. The UFOs are above the clouds. The UFOs are lite up, so they must use some type of light for this. The UFOs are scattered throughout the sky like stars. 

I want to know who is in the UFOs and why dont we have that kind of technology. I can only think of a dichotomy; its either extraterrestrial or military. The UFOs remain in the sky all night, I dont watch them after I go to bed though. I dont know what the UFOs do during the day, but they are in My sky at night. I dont know where else you can see UFOs besides Massachusetts. 

I actully made a video about My alien encounter and the UFOs I saw in 2012 and the 5 Signs in the clouds I saw... let Me get the video and I will close with that.

The Signs of the times!

The above was from My blog that I made about a year ago. If you want to watch the video I made about the being I saw, and the UFOs that I see, go to youtube.com. Next, search for "[Title moved to FI section/cms/tg]". Then search through the next few pages until you see a video titled "[Title moved to FI section/cms/tg]". I have six videos total of Myself, and at least a couple other videos, I mention that, "I saw an alien".

I am very serious, and I have vivid memories of seeing a being in the year 2012. Also, I witnessed at least a half dozen UFOs on July 2, 2012, or a few months BEFORE I saw that being. These UFOs were very bright, and they were colored: I remember seeing blue, green, and purple UFOs on July 2, 2012. But, as of September 8th of 2013, I noticed that the "stars" appear to move, and I have been watching the "stars" move for about a year and 4 months now. I don't know if this is an optical illusion, or if I am seeing UFOs? I have seen some UFOs move in a straight line, and then dim into blackness, and I have witnessed this at least a few times. They look like stars, they blink, they glow like a star, but I see them moving around.

Thanks for taking the time to read this.

~PEACE~
