{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-01-27 06:09:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282899","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120547","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2332,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/899/mufon-5282899.json","updb_database_id":5282899}
Gently pulsating, bright, warm light becomes bright white and transforms into geometric pattern- then turns into a giant black void for a few seconds,

I was out having a smoke and watching the starts this morning (standard procedure) and noticed a bright, warm hue glowing orb. - I have seen these before in the same location on many occasions and I have watched them disappear before and that alone seems unremarkable. 
Also, most of the planes that fly overhead come from the direction of this object, so I have always assumed it’s a plane. 
But I’ve never seen an airplane so bright so I decided to observe it despite the cold. After a few minutes of barely moving (it may have been traveling very slowly) and gently pulsating a warm light, the light changed to a cold, white light and the became a flat vertical line, maybe 4 times the dimensions of the glowing orange orb. 
It was like this for several seconds and I was clearing my eyes with my hands at this point to make sure I was seeing well. 
After 5-10 seconds it started to have slightly thinner, but still bright white straight lines extend in several other directions before appearing very briefly as a 3 dimensional object that was huge - this phase lasted for only a second or two. 
Then it went black- it was a huge, absolutely black object and then over the course of about 5 seconds it kinda just faded away. 
I suppose I could imagine a bigger thing in the sky, but this thing easily was bigger than a blimp. 
It appeared to be over the towns of Frankfort/Illion. 
As a glowing orange orb, it appeared maybe 2 or 3 times the size of an airplane- I can’t really comprehend how big it was. There is nothing I have to compare it to- like a castle in the sky..
