{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-23 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285899","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117500","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2351,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/899/mufon-5285899.json","updb_database_id":5285899}
Multiple UFOs observed with 2 shooting stars during event

Driving from Vegas to San Diego - A shredded tire on the 15 fwy came out from under the car in front of me and destroyed the undercarriage of my car, forcing me to quickly pull off onto Wild Wash Rd. Waiting for a tow truck, decided to look for UFOs. Estimated wait for tow was 4 hours but only took about 2. Sure enough, looking up, I saw what looked like a star slowly moving, like the way satellites move across the sky, but this was further away (actually a satellite did go across the sky while I was observing everything and it appeared slightly closer than the UAP). Watching this "moving star," I saw it do many things: Stop abruptly, start and change speed randomly, maneuver in crazy ways like zig zagging, going back and forth, making circles, etc. Sometimes it just stood still for extended periods of time and looked exactly like a star until it started moving again. I was fascinated and had plenty of time, so I stared up at the sky for a couple hours. During this time, there were 2 shooting stars, maybe a third (there was some kind of flash that I barely caught a glimpse of), and over the course of those two hours, many of these "moving stars" came into plain view. I'd say there were at least 5, all of them performing similar maneuvers seemingly at will, but all of them were slightly varying in brightness, though at times they did seem to be interacting with each other. I had three other people in my car, one of them saw one and said, "woah, that's a UFO!" but the other two were too worried about the car situation to pay attention, which was really weird because I was pretty excited to be seeing this stuff. They didn't care at all, lol. Weird. Interesting night.
