{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-03 14:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490899","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68677","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2363,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/899/mufon-5490899.json","updb_database_id":5490899}
Strange, as though they were testing maneuverability or observing something and accelerating away

Okay, I'm just going to clarify that I'm a total aviation geek. I know the physics of aircraft, shapes at all distances, and what they're capable of. 
A few weeks ago while I was coming home from my friend's farm after a day of shooting on his range something in the sky ahead of me caught my eye; at first I assumed it was simply a jet liner but as I looked closer I noticed some strange features not common with a jet liner. I saw something really strange flying...it was just a white stretched oval , almost cylinder shape high up the sky, higher than a jet liner I think but it had no contrail and when I stopped and turned off the truck to check it out I opened my truck's door to see if there was any sound coming from it and there was nothing. It was steadily losing altitude, I'd say it was descending at a -10o angle from 20o. After about 5 or so minutes it stopped descending and turned sharply up I'd day about 50o, maybe 601 degrees and accelerated and it was gone. I'd like to think it was something manmade or natural but I don't know. During the whole sighting I remained calm and observed...not once did I consider panicking. I told my mom later on that day through phone when I got home and she said it could have been a drone after I told her of my experience but I've ruled that out...the way it turned would have tore a drone or aircraft in half.. I know my cloud patterns and aviation and aerodynamics as well but I've never seen anything like that. I also told a close friend of mine who 's just as in love with aviation as I am and he came to the same ruling as I did; it wasn't a bird, weather anomaly, or aircraft of terrestrial origin of any sort.
