{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-14 20:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524899","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30911","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2365,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/899/mufon-5524899.json","updb_database_id":5524899}
white star like from behind cloud became huge and bright then small and flew straight up

Sunday August 14th around 8pm Mountain time my friend (name removed from report)flg 08/15/11 stopped by. He works at a local lumber yard and does all the CAD and architectutal work for them. I am building a greenhouse on the South side of my house and he was going to help me with some problems I had ran into. Around 8:30pm my wife came out to say hi and we sat down on the deck and started visiting. The sun had just gone down and it was starting to get get a little darker but still blue in the sky with only a little cloud cover. I started to watch the sky cause I have been constantly for the past week observing the Perseid meteor shower. (the past two nights my wife and I have spent the night at my grandparents farm north of town in the middle of no where. we followed all the guidelines from websites and nasa, like no lights, adjust your eyes, where to look, etc. we did everything and got a great show!) So at 8:43pm I see a bright white star looking shape (looked just like which ever planet was just below and to the east of Perseus constellation that was really bright all night) rise from behind a cloud in the Southern sky. Just as I saw what I thought was another meteor it became 4x larger and brighter and started moving straight up really fast. With in a second it became tiny again like a star and just kept flying straight up till it disappeared. I am 30 years old and have always had a fascination for space. I have always watched the stars and hoped to see a ufo. And what I saw tonight was like nothing I have ever seen before. Not like a shooting star or the meteors or a plane. This thing went straight up from where I was like it was following my zenith.
