{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-08-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515899","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42240","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3146,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/899/mufon-5515899.json","updb_database_id":5515899}
{dr}oval, round, circular, it was extremely colorful, bright, static electricity, lightening on the outside, flashes of light when certain gases combined.

I always watch the NASA Channel, especially during the times the Space Shuttle came into existence, going back and forth (more like up and down), to and from the ISS. This time I was watching the NASA Channel in August 2009, I thought it was during the Atlantis Shuttle going up to deliver a payload to the ISS, during installation and completion of the ISS. Day 1 was normal as they were analyzing the top and bottom of the shuttle, for the purpose to make ensure the shuttle is in perfect condition for re-entry. Day 2 involved the extraction of the payload from the shuttle attaching it to the ISS (could have been a module or something). The Shuttles bay area was empty, and a camera from the inside was taking video feed of the inside bay area, at this time the someone that was doing the video, spotted something off in the distance that caught his/her eye, as they began to zoom into the area spotted in space, the closer they zoomed into the moving object, the clearer it became, until they saw and confirmed what they were looking at. And this is what I saw that they saw: A circular, very large in size object traveling through space away from earth but abled to be picked up by their cameras inside the ISS. 

The object had an inner blue, red, white, and yellow colors. The blue color is as equally if not brighter than our ocean shot from space by a camera. Each time flashes of lightening (only on the outer edges of the object), changes the direction of the object, as noticed. The speed is not known, where it was traveling is unknown, but most likely away from any planetary locations. It was not a spaceship as we know it. The thing that really interest me the most, is when the object was completely identified in size the camera operator or whoever shut it down and stopped video tapping the moving object in space. The second thing that interest me the most is, as they were video tapping, they immediately began to administratively copy, cut, and pace and finally deleted the entire video feed before turning the camera off. If there are those that have always made copies of all the missions of each Space Shuttle, this will in fact prove my sighting online with NASA. I don't understand that I’m the only one that has noticed this event. Are there others that have seen the same thing I’ve seen? And why are they so quick to cover it up right in front of the public’s eye?
