{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529789","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25718","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3855,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/789/mufon-5529789.json","updb_database_id":5529789}
5 lights. 4 on the bottom perfectly spaced and aligned 1 at the top to make a perfect triangle

I was showing a friend a possible UFO. It had been around for some time and only seemed to appear at night in 1 of 2 places. As we watched it it would move around. So we used the edge of a small pine tree for reference to make sure it wasn't a trick of the eye. Sure enough the object moved back and forth in and out of sight(I lined the object up rather closed to the edge of the outline of the tree to get a good reference). It soon started going up and then hooked a 90 degree left. We watched for a time more and saw some other incredible maneuvers. After watching for awhile we started to head back to the porch and I noted a bright star(at the time I thought it to be a bright star that was around in the fall due to it appearing around early August)and we watched it for a minute when my friend noted he thought it may have moved. We watched for a little longer and saw movements. Again thinking I may be the dark/eye trickery, so I used another tree and as I would watch and see it start to move my friend would call out the movement he saw and it matched what I was seeing. For another 30 minutes or so we would watch it and back and forth call out what movement we saw just to see if we each saw it. After wanting more proof we called up several friends and had them come over. We all witnessed a moving bright object. One friend had his camera and bi-pod. We set up the camera(Note my friend is a photographer using a high end rebel, not an average house hold digi) We took several 30second time lapse pictures and the object would move almost fully across the image. On several images the stream would move in different directions(again on a bi-pod stationary). The camera zoom didn't get close enough and I wanted to try to get a closer look at the image, so we got out the spotting scope are started trying to fine the object. I was able to pin point the object and get a focus on it. Once I got a clear look I was shaken. I was able to see the bright light that I was drawn to at first. I was also able to see another 3 lights in a perfect line and a 5th light directly in the middle of the 4 up making a perfect almost equal sided pyramid. Me and 5 others all looked at the object and saw the same thing. At one point I watched the object in the scope for about 2 to 3 minutes and during that time it moved from the left to right and out of sight of the scope while turning itself about 90 degrees before I had to readjust to see it again. This isnt the first time I have seen UFOs around my area but this is the first time I have been able to get multiple people to see the encounter. To even the playing field I even called a non-believer over who was skeptical and they admitted they were unsure of what they had just witnessed. I have for a few years thought this to be somewhat of a hot spot but until recently announcing such would have been thought crazy. It was an experience for me as for everyone else who witnessed the event. I think by the end of the night the other 3 skeptics were unsure of what they thought and open to anything at that point.

Message to Admins of the site. Feel free to contact me via email for more information or chat.
