{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-11-17 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546789","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"20608","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2998,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/789/mufon-5546789.json","updb_database_id":5546789}
Extremely bright light over mountain top, one then two then three, four, five- turning on and off.

A friend and I were traveling north on I-93 towards lincoln NH.
A bright yellowish tint light appeared on my left at about the 10 oclock position. I appeared to just turn on for a few seconds then turn off. I ask my friend if he had seen it and he said no. I instructed him to keep looking to my left to see if it would appear again, in doing so we observed the same light turn on again, then a second one appeared to the left of it. They appeared to be hovering at first glance. we then pulled over to watch them, then within approximatley 15-20 seconds they turned off again. I then took out my Iphone and began recording what was happening. At that time one appeared again in view, this is whan I started recording and then another one appeared, then 3, 4 and 5 bright yellowish tint lights about a 1/2 to 3/4 of a mile above the mountain range. At this point it looked as if to take a V shape form. Then about 20-30 seconds later they started to turn off again. At this point a NH State Trooper had pulled up behind us and came to my window to ask what we were doing, I asked him if he had seen these lights? He responed yes, he says, I noticed two Bright yellowish lights about 2 miles back, I ask him if there were any Military manuvers going on in the area and he said no. He said at first I thought it might be a plane but these lights appeared to be stationary with little movement. plus he said he listened for any noise but could not hear anything. I also ask him if this could be flares and he siad no, not here in the National Forest, plus he said if they were flare you could see them slowly decending with an alluminated trail. At this point he said we had to move on cause we were in a break down lane and that this was not an emergency so we had to leave. Now I know there was a Meteor shower going on that night, however I have seen plenty of Meteor showers in my life and those are showers are in above the earths atmoshere. These Lights were visible a half mile to one mile above the the mountain range. These were had notthing to do with a meteor shower. They were way to close and way to bright. I was able to catch a video of these lights, but have not uploaded them yet to this computer, please send me an email address so I can upload this video to you. Thanks, Ron dagesse
