{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-24 20:47:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499789","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59342","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2659,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/789/mufon-5499789.json","updb_database_id":5499789}
{jd} Very huge bright white light with lights on top of it they had a ray them like movement and it just disappeared

During my shift, Patroling on County Road 2570 going to County Road 833 at approximately 8:47 Pm headed SW driving 35 miles per hour, I noticed from my left a huge and very b
10000
right white light I immediately thought wow when did this new tower get installed. I stared at this huge very bright white light so I pulled the truck off the road and parked it. This huge very bright object went up and traveled slowly to my right. I then heard this jet like noise that ended as quickly as it started. I put the truck in gear went down to County Road 833 and turned around by this time it was coming back to the spot I had first noticed it. I parked the truck and kept watching this is when I noticed the lights on top. They went from one side to the other and had a rhythm in it's own pace the object took off toward the South and completely disappeared as quickly as I noticed it to begin with. I was in amazement. This is a space craft a UFO. I just saw a UFO and I could not believe what I had just seen much less how close it was to me. It scared me to putting that truck in gear and hauling it straight back to my job site. I told coworker and I just kept going on and on about it. Took me about three hours to settle down and particularly did not want to get back in the truck and go anywhere period. That UFO just went poof gone just disappeared..... It has completely changed my way of thinking and I don't trust the sky. I see them all over the sky. Even when I told people what I have seen they think I have lost it..... No,,, UFO's are very real and many are here. So... Next day going back to work I saw that the place the UFO was hovering over is Power lines from the Power Plant. They are every where out there. I saw another last night going off in a straight line and disappeared just like poof it's gone. I was so stunned I did not get my phone to take a picture either but I know what I saw and it has changed my everything about the sky
