{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-30 20:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525789","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29935","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3917,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/789/mufon-5525789.json","updb_database_id":5525789}
Cylindrical Fuselage with strip and two small fins seen over farmington during winding trails celebration.

This evening at approx 8:01 pm, I was sitting in the TV room with my wife; I mentioned I heard a band playing. She mentioned, that1s probably the celebration for the completion of the world1s tallest sand castle. at Winding trails. As I stepped out the back door to identify the tune being played (looking West), I looked up and noticed a large cloud formation in the midst of the beautiful blue sky. The sun was setting, so it was crystal clear around this one large cloud, with the exception of a few smaller dissipating clouds. The sun had been setting so the sky was blue around and behind the clouds (west).

I then noticed to my upper right (North / North West), a shinny silver cylindrical fuselage "bullet shaped craft". As the sky was a perfectly clear, this thing was traveling from the north side of my house towards the west approaching the cloud. At first I asked myself, 1Is this a plane? I felt it was something different. Then I noticed it had no wings or tail. It had what looked like two small fins with two white short air streaks following (less than half the size of the craft), this was coming off the fins (not a contrail). I also noticed it was silent, no sound, no engine was heard. We have much traffic from Bradley Airport and you can hear jets engines or prop engines readily at even higher altitudes. 

The craft seemed to be traveling in an arc toward this (cloud) destination. Now as it went into the cloud, I wanted to verify this was not a plane, as well as observe it further. As the trees seemed to be blocking this view, I quickly ran through the house to the front of the house to our driveway. I was viewing the cloud and sure enough no objects came out the backend.

Since, I could see this thing clearly, I believe it was traveling very slow - perhaps 100 to 200 mph It seemed to glide upward toward the cloud. Upon looking at the cloud, to see where it might be. I then noticed it was became stationary near a small cloud. As the cloud drifted, it seemed to go with it in our direction. It was now over our home. I looked up right under this thing, It had a haze around it, and seemed semi-transparent. While looking under it - still at cloud level it had one red light (blinking) directly in the middle of the craft.

As it hovered over my home, It then it blinked once, then twice and disappeared. It was a something to watch.

After checking cloud ceiling levels from New Britian weather channel, they were reported at 4900 feet. The distance to the object was walked off and calculated to a distance of 6,169 feet. The object was initially in a cloud bank directly over the park event which was located at 3,748 feet.

On a conservative calculation, using the cloud levels (weather.com),the distance to the event over which it was stationed (once at my home) and (just 1/2 mile away-over the outdoor event), the craft size would be approximately between 100 to 150 feet long. It had what looked like a black streak down the middle of the crafts length and what looked like windows.

I hereby allow MUFON to study this case, to see if similar cases have been reported. I heard channel 8 news captured a few unidentified crafts in the storm clouds last week.
