{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-01 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527789","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27824","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2473,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/789/mufon-5527789.json","updb_database_id":5527789}
UFO in Orando, FL and one in IL when I was a kid around 1990

OK, I can't believe Im doing this but I did see a UFO last December 2010 looking out on the back lake dock at Lake Giles in Orlando, FL. I did try to video tape it but it wasn't that great of a video to post. There is Orlando International Airport about 10 mins. south of me and I see planes and ect. all the time. This light was much differnt as I sat out on the dock with my dog I always look up at the sky and that night just before Christmas I saw a light in the sky slowly pulsating from white to red...it wasnt like any plane light I've seen many times. It was exciting for me enough to take a video of it now im not saying it was from another planet but I do believe that its crazy to not leave that open. When I was a kid around 1990 I live in Illinios and went out to watch the northern lights and saw 3 UFOs that I tried to get my parents to go out and see them too but they just sat in front of the TV laughing at me...then a few years later when I was in High school I was with a bunch of friends one night and one of them started talking about the UFOs she saw the night of the northern lights a few years back and I felt so much better that she saw the same thing I did and she was also very excited because she was made fun of and the 2 friends she was with when they told people. Now the ones I saw over 20 years ago were more convincing becauce they were closer to the ground in seemed and were triangle with a slow pulsating red light in the middle. They also moved allot fast then stopped and turned more 90 degrees..which i was only a kid back then but I knew better that that and how all other planes I saw fly. Again though it could be a secret government plane, but I don't rule out that its from "somewere else". If anyone else saw that same "UFO" over Orlando, FL it would be nice not to be alone.
