{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-24 21:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505789","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53048","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3011,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/789/mufon-5505789.json","updb_database_id":5505789}
{rjl} 10 clusters of orange or amber lights

My two adult sons and I were driving home from dinner at ~9:59 pm Christmas Eve. We were in the Houston, TX area -- about 20 miles north in Spring or Klein, TX. We reported the sighting promptly to a different UFO website in WA state, and were referred to your website later by friends.

My oldest son spotted it first -- looking up through some pine trees near the road we were on. All three of us then saw it very clearly. There were about 10 clusters of 5 or 6 bright orange or amber lights, flying in a crude formation. I assume each of these light clusters was associated with a fairly good sized aircraft of some sort, but we could not see any shapes other than the light patterns. At first they were low and quite bright and slow moving, maybe at 5000 ft. or less, and then they accelerated as they rose and moved off into the distance. Within 2 to 3 minutes from the initial sighting these orange / amber lights had moved off rapidly toward the northwest, fading into the clear night sky, headed toward Tomball, TX. As they disappeared each of the 50 or 60 lights twinkled sort of like a distant star.

It was not fireworks -- nothing came down toward the ground and we heard no unusual noises. It was not normal aircraft 1 I have never seen an aircraft with 5 or 6 orange or amber lights and no other colors. And why would 10 of them be flying in a fairly tight formation at night anyway? It is a real mystery 1 like nothing me or my sons have ever seen before in the 40 years I have been here.

The formation did not form a clear geometric pattern. It was sort of random, like a pack of helicopters flying at different elevations, some nearer, some further. Each cluster of lights also did not form a clear geometric pattern. Each light cluster did not form a circle for example. If I was forced to describe each light cluster, it would be 5 or 6 orange or amber lights in roughly an E or H-pattern. The clusters were quite a ways apart, like multiple aircraft would be to avoid collision, yet they were flying together in a crude formation. 

I know other people must have seen it, because it was very clear and there were other people out and about. We tried to take a picture but did not get a good one. We did not react quickly enough and also there were white street lights obscuring the sky and confusing the iPhone camera where we pulled over to stop the car.
