{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-01-22 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477797","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82351","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4108,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/797/mufon-5477797.json","updb_database_id":5477797}
{rjl} Sphere emitting multicolors hovered near Wimberley and proceeded towards San Marcos TX during a month long visitation so far.

For us, beginning on January 22 and reoccurring frequently through February 23rd, a large illuminated 3D donut like sphere with a dark center; and sometimes two identical looking spheres but never more than two, began appearing due East of our home towards Wimberely, Texas which is 9 miles away. The first sighting occurred as I went to the back door (North side of the house), to make sure it was locked for the night at 10:00 pm, and thought I saw to the East what I usually see over the trees at a reasonably low altitude - a star, but this made me pause and look again because it emitted red and green pulses of light through a golden and white light signature. Then it moved around, so I quickly called my wife to look at it also. It hovered and bop around for five to ten minutes, and then in my estimate slowly move in an arc path towards the SE along Ranch Road 12 towards San Marcos, Texas which is approximately 35 miles away. Once they begin to move away, and never at the same exact time, it is always slowly but at a constant rate of speed. My guess would be approximately 60 mph+.

The objects, when there are two of them, are identical in shape, size, coloration, motion, and behavior in the same directional view from our back porch. We see them appear out of nothing, and we see them after they have appeared above the trees at about 15-20 degrees above the horizon. They spin in two directions simultaneously (a wheel within a wheel,) as they jump and bop around within a reasonably confined area within our view. They go up and down but never in extreme ranges and do not land while we observe them. They pulse (emit) or flicker a few green (short and narrow) beams, longer red beams or rays of light, and they emit a wider beam of golden light in a 360 degree 3D pattern within a general white aura of light around the object. There are also harder to see black bicycle spoked lines around the outer edge of the sphere. My wife couldn't see the green light, but agrees with me on the other three dominate colors. Pulsing is the best word to describe the light emissions, but to me the short green rays and slightly longer red beams stick out like steady fixed thorns or quills.

As of February 23rd my wife has seen them seven times and I have seen them six times in the same area between 8:00 pm and 10:00 pm CST, with one exception. At 01:00 in mid February my wife saw one South West of the house with no information given as to height or distance or subsequent activity - she went back to bed.

Our response was one of interest and wonder to finally see with our own eyes what others have talked about our whole lives. This is our first sighting of anything unusual. My impression is that they are preprogrammed scouts or probes collecting data, but where they are appearing is only cattle country full of limestone rock with a few scattered homes. Please note that we are moving away from this property within the next week to a location overseas, so our phone numbers will not be working then, but our emails should be working. We have planned this move for a year, so this was a nice gift of last minute luck for us. Thank you for your great work in this area. The attached video was done with an apple phone. I hope you can enhance it to meet your needs.
