{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1950-06-01 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479797","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80285","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2336,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/797/mufon-5479797.json","updb_database_id":5479797}
{nd} silver coins hovering in broad daylight

My father and his brothers were out hoeing soybeans or peas on their family farm in Northern Iredell county, near the Stony Point community in North Carolina one summer day around 1950. My father was about 14 at the time, his brothers were 15 and 12. It was a cloudless day and warm, with fine visibility in all directions, a slight breeze but otherwise still. About noon, shortly before he and his brothers were going to go to their house for lunch, the three of them saw a group of objects due north from where they were working, in the direction of the Brushy Mountains which were clearly visible that day.

According to my father, the objects resembled silver coins, about the size of quarters hovering in the distance. The objects were generally featureless, perfect discs, and clearly a bright metallic, and about 5 in number. These objects did not move, but hovered about 10 to 15 degrees above the horizon, or just slightly above the backdrop of the mountains. The three of them observed these objects for about a minute or two, no more than that, before they began to run back towards the house to fetch the pair of binoculars to get a better look at them. It was less than a quarter of a mile between the field and the house,and as the house was due north, the three of them were able to watch the objects the entire way to the house. At no point did these objects move in any significant way other than hover and vibrate slightly (although it could be possible that the shimmering could be due to the bright sunlight on the object's metallic surface). The objects were gone when the three of them came back out from the house, the encounter lasted about twenty minutes altogether.
