{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-10 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283797","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119635","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":11259,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/797/mufon-5283797.json","updb_database_id":5283797}
Nothing expected and everything ever heard of

II's important for you to know with the exception of an odd 'dream' I had 20-25 years ago. I came into this from the other side of this. People have told me my entire life about how I 'notice things that everyone overlooks /didn't register as important' and how I 'look at everything from 20 different angles playing each one out instantly to see the best way to proceed', Because of that when something doesn't fit, out of place or odd my attention is drawn to it and my curiosity makes me take a closer look at it {from 20 different angles of course) When that observation shows potential of 'danger ahead' I shut my mouth, listen and give my full attention. I have a lot of information that everyone urgently needs to know. Everything about this is 12 layers of WTF insane absurdity and I guarantee the thought 'this guy has a screw loose' but it would be more accurate to say God took me off the assembly line before even one screw was tightened but He placed a little thread lock on the ends so I could hang over the edge of insanity without falling in. Add a lifetime worth of questionable choices that now seems could be considered necessary preparations. It's not that I see what others cannot it's that I look hard at what others passionately dismiss. One of the mosy disturbing oddities is with is humanities overwhelming desire to find and interact with another intelligent species in the universe but at the same time we literally have set rules of where or how to look, a set of mental illnes diagnosis for anyone who encounters but can't provide unquestionable proof, and a set of qualifications to disqualify any potential proof that does exist. This is due to its ability to blend in hide in plain sight . In it's basic form it is microscopic. translucent and flat but it curves and interlocks with one another to form larger objects and even larger objects by combining those forms, etc. We only pay attention to the forms we imagine based on movies accounts and prior legend. But it forms an array of odd objects that even if we see It for first time in a lifetime it doesn't register as important enough to research. If a scientist does take a look it is labelled mainly based on past earthly discoveries. pictures are usually grainy and there is a reason for that mainly because we are only looking at specific object and do not notice the entire region around it is abundant with a gas/ particle 'cloud'. Hence the grainy picture. We only see what they want us to see and any possibility that we will notice what they are up to is distracted with a trojan horse so to say. I have been at this for almost two years and I take an absurd amount of pictures and videos alone they only provide a snippet much like a piece of a puzzle but when you put together along with what I have learned ,,,well you know how a puzzle works. In a world where it would seem even someone with a live specimen would have to make it admit where it's from to prove . Well I don't know how to make it talk. But I need your help. On paper I am no one from nowhere and credentials non-existent. I do not have all the answers but have enough to know we are at war. , they are attacking our existence from every angle and time is running out. With your help we can make this thing sing. The only chance for all humans to unite and get in the fight.
I am attaching a few pictures. Remember they do not want to be seen and hide behind a shroud that distorts our vision. They are almost impossible to see with the naked eye. Pay attention to the shapes they present themselves in one you are familiar with the various constants you will be asble to see the patterns and you will notice the same globally, on moon mars space itself. I have a lot more information but know this thing is crazy and you have to be willing to accept possibilities and walk on the wild side of reality. 
Pictures 1 & 2 I circled some objects in picture Now again you have to really look. Stare. Can you make out objects in circled areas? Did you notice all of the other ships and passengers in the pics? Hint concentrate on top of tree line for larger ships and the ground for smaller ships. Taken at Cooper Hollow Wildlife Area
Picture #3 you have to zoom in but you should see ship in clouds and various life forms in trees grass...pay cv;lose attention to back tree line ^ tops Cooper Hollow
Picture 4 I got thiis pic frpm pausing video footage from news source in video it appears flames are being shot downward wildfires in I believe Oregon Concentrate on area above brightest spot in fire. They are fueling wildfires. natural disaster, attacking us mentally and thru virus and disease
picture 5 one of its more basic forms
picture 6 me in my living room think that is a jacket in my hand .that I am shaking out. zoom in look everywhere I just noticed my arm
picture 7 clouds
picture 8 notice in forms at bottom it ejecys form it created you can see occupants coming out under white cover 
Picture9 My saliva along with fact they manipuktelight they also do not seem able to resist it. By passing light source in rapid motions over top they appear and form objects hospitals dont have test only way I know to know
picture 10 moon crater seems crater floor rises like a doorway and look what comes out

Although they are physically weak they do posses some out of this world abilities. I will explain everything in detail as well as pictures and videos that illustrate. Again I take a lot of pics and videos. Also note that they do not seem to operate in what we perceive as real time plat your videos in slow or fast speeds to really see their actions and movements.

Again you have to really concentrate. Look for thr bubble outlines , the likes and shapes that are out of place in nature. Your mind will want to reject acknowledging. I have only scratched surface. Note that they are artistically gifted and have ability to produce holograms and illusions manipulating light and shadowing. Actually, I need to mention the mind thing now as it relates to what I feel is the most important thing I want everyone to remember as they realize we are not alone. Do not I repeat DO NOT panic they feed on our emotions and no offense everyone is acting like a bunch of bratty kids. We are dividing on every issue, blaming ourselves for issues that we may have played a part in but are now in full control of our enemy and are using everything against us including ourselves. We are distracted from seeing the reality of what is actually occurring as we rage with intolerance for one another. Just look at what we are doing sseking to take away the voice of anyone who has a different opinion and humiliate them destroying reputations. aGranted your beefs may be legitimate but step outside of yourselves and take a good look and ask yourself w your behavior and actions may be a little over the top or escalating the very issues you are trying to take a stand against. You cannot be enlightened and spit venom. Getting outraged keeps you distracted and makes their assault on us easier and makes them stronger. They feed off of our emotions. Put your emotions and them in check, Take a deep breath, relax and starve them. If you have to show an emotion put everything you have into loving one another. I am curious if their behavior will change I mean you are what you eat.
Scientists and researchers if you are working on anything that even has the remote chance of being used against us. SHUT IT DOWN NOW and shut down the damn particle accelerators. To those of you working on AI please stop The possible or inevitable result will destroy us. The benefits that you are claiming in no way outweigh the potential, again inevitable negatives. If you are wanting to help the people. Understand right now there is notsuch a thing as a clean or controlled room. If you doubt that ask yourself why the slacker from high school is the one telling everyone 'they are here. Anyone really wanting to help I need a lab to learn more about what we are dealing with and explore a few ideas. The slacker is pretty smart but I do not have the time to learn all I need to know so make sure lab comes fully staffed.Also this thing forms what I can best describe asa sybiotic relationship with plants fungi and bacteria. And that brings me to the medical profession corona virus has a brain stop trying to fight it as though you are familiar with it. It may have characteristics of virus of old but it's a whole new ball game. Stop giving the vaccine.Again doing their work for them although I haven.t quite figured out what it is or how it is going to bite us in the ass but by the efforts they exhibit to stop me from saying anything about it but its definitely important to make sure all humans get 'the jab'. It;s not helping the vaccinated are still dying or living with side effects. sure their may be some statistical success but the bottom will fall out and already has to a certain degree and your answer is jab them again? My concerns are not due to 'misinformation. but lack of information FDA won't reveal info until 2076 WTF? That and you created vaccines before true origins were found how can you make the cure without knowing exactly what you were trying to cure 

Remember almost invisible to the human eye but simply viewing through camera on a phone can help with seeing once you know. Look at your ownj personal photos look for blurry dull areas as well as points of bright light zoom in. they manipulate light they often exhibit a crystal-like appearance bend and reflect light
