{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-18 22:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524797","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31017","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4369,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/797/mufon-5524797.json","updb_database_id":5524797}
Bright, round, white light, high speed

While out on my balcony, smoking a cigarette, I observed for a very brief moment (not exceeding one second in time), a very bright, white light moving at high speeds. I was not watching the sky specifically, but it did catch my attention while moving along my balcony. (balcony is a ground floor patio). The weather tonight was unremarkable. Scattered clouds.

With me facing directly south, it was south east of my position, moving south east (seemingly towards the South Beach area). 

It moved at what seemed to be high speeds, at a height that I can only describe as cloud level. Obviously without knowing height and distance traveled, it is difficult to understand its speed. But I do believe that it was moving quickly. If I did not misjudge its altitude, then planes are not uncommon at the altitude I witnessed. I'm going to guess the angle of my view, to the object, was about 70 degrees.

I lost track of the object due to a tree obstructing my view. I only saw it briefly before it moved behind the tree, from above it. Its path was very direct and unchanging in speed, altitude, and trajectory. I do not believe that it was moving downward, as to land. Nor do I believe it was rising.

The only physical description that I can give is it being a round/circular white light, and possibly fainter at its edges. 

As far as description in what it lacks; there was no silhouette to the object witnessed. In Miami's light polluted skies, at night you can easily make out a plane's shape. There was no indication of wings, nor the standard red and blue (green?) wing tip lights on a plane. All that could be witnessed was a bright light. The light was not illuminating in a manner to give hint at the object's shape. I cannot recall if the light flashed or blinked, so I will not say positively that it did or did not. If I had to guess, I would say it did not.

Personal input - 

I live within 5 blocks of Opa Locka Airport. There is a consistent amount of traffic to this airport including private pilots, commercial (shipping), and military/US Coast Guard traffic. 

I completely rule out the airport having anything to do with what I saw, and in counter, believe the airport allows me to strengthen my belief that this was not an airplane. With me witnessing planes throughout all times of the day, in all weather, I feel I have a decent grasp of what an airplane looks like, and at night. Not moreso than others, but enough.

For this to have been a plane, it had to have an extremely bright light on the rear of the plane. Bright enough and large enough to not allow view of the plane's body. 

Also, from the angle witnessed, and the object's path, it almost seems as if the light was facing me. I'm not sure if this might indicate that it was not a fixed light on a craft, as much as it was a source of light that was moving. Like a moving light bulb.

I was definitely excited when I first saw the object, immediately opening the door to the balcony to announce what I just seen to my family inside. After brief moments though, I realized that my excitement did not allow me to think properly about what I had seen. 

I ruled out helicopters. I then ruled out a meteor, as my understanding is that meteors are visually fire engulfed/fireballs. I'm pretty sure I've seen a meteor before, and a large, tail followed fireball is what I saw.

As time went by, I began to really believe that what I saw was not a normal occurrence. I personally cannot take a guess at what type of craft or meteorological event it could have been, as I can't compare it to anything I know of.

Tomorrow I will submit a second report with a digital photo of my point of view of the event, indicating the object's path.
