{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-13 02:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482797","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77156","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2575,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/797/mufon-5482797.json","updb_database_id":5482797}
{rjl} i witnessed 2 different light patterens in the same area for 3-4 min before i could get enough courage to go in and put my phone on video. object hovered with 2 light sequences, puse firat then a pop with both. ive seen satellites and planes

Very clear night and I was watching the sky and this may sound nuts but i was concentrating on a certain star. I know u might think i saw something becz i was ecpecting something but i promise to god i wasnt. I am 47 and a Teamster and live alone now since divorce and am a no nonsense person. I have seen satellites and planes waay up in the sub stratosphere and objects but this thing or things were very evident without sound. I laughed and almost cried. I videoed some with my phone (note 3) but i dodnt think i was catching anything. I am embaressed at my behavior after playing it back but i will never forget this display i saw. It was COMMUNICATION I really think. OMG i wished to god i had not been alone becz the phone video doesnt do justice. The lights first 2 or 3 sights were like donuts with a hole in the middle that lasted maybe a 2 or 3 sec. Lole an (ungulate)? Then it would bang! Like 1 second but very bright but less exposure time. Unreal
Never have i seen anything like this so intentional and RIGHT THERE in my life. I was shaking. I hope u can enhance this video to see better what little of recording i got on my phone. Remember i watched this light show for 3 to 4 min b4 i got nerve to leave and get my phone to try and record this Oh. By the way the twinkling lights that came in and out of focus rapidly was my phone camera trying to focus them is all i can guess, but u can see the larger bursts of lights if u look closely. I hope you can enhance this with equipment and see more closely to what i was seeing. Plz call if any questions. Time stamp on video i thnk was 2:38am. Thanks and Bless u all.
