{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-07-14 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489797","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69809","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2582,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/797/mufon-5489797.json","updb_database_id":5489797}
{jpg} Mother and I left apple creek on Millborne got to Blossom and pulled in there. both said at same time . What the Hell is that ! I climbed out of window to hear Nothing . Over top a Amish house and the Deal's house Wow. and still more story.

Was the night of guitar lessons, i was 14 mom and me left around 9:30 pm she said we'd take the back way home main to high and on Millborne Rd we went north we got right behind the state inst. at blossom Rd and there it was as wide as two football feilds going from house to house just sitting there over the road the lights went from lt to rt large rect. shape looking like to smaller rect.at each side rotating and pulsing white red yellow blue over and over the craft was a disk shape round at top and bottom funneling down to bottom a bit to lower area ,mom pulled in a turn around on blossom we stopped and watched this thing , I got out on the windows edge not a sound coming from it we were less then a quarter of a mile away it was so huge, mom asked again what should we do,i said we're not going under it! go back to Apple Creek and up Rt44 so she did and soon as we started turning out of blossom and back on Millborne it shot straight up and looked like a small Red Ball you heard me right a small little red ball and stayed there untill we got all the way over on 44 straight across from it and then seamed as if it moved with us straight north untill we got home as soon as we did that small red ball zipped like nothing I have ever seen to the North east and in a flash it was gone, oh their out ther allright, we made a report with sheriff they laughted and said we probley saw a combine or tractor , and thats as far as it ever got. And thats my close encounter and I'm sticking to it, still to this very day ask my mom and she'll start shaking and say "I don't know what the hell it was but it was there !" Thanks for Believing
