{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-01-31 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282797","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120649","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2462,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/797/mufon-5282797.json","updb_database_id":5282797}
My wife and I saw a light with a vortex like misty swirl around it moving from north to south.

Walked outside to smoke a cigarette and check on the dog around 7:30 Monday night Jan. 31,2022. As always especially on a clear night I look around at the stars and sky. Everything looked normal until I looked due north. I saw a white light that at first looked like a star with mist around it. Then I saw it was moving towards me. After observing for a minute I saw the mist around it was in a swirling pattern. I thought maybe it was a plane since Tinker AFB was in that general area. I then saw a beam of light shoot out from the front like planes do sometimes. It lasted for only a second. But as it got closer I saw no blinking lights like a plane would have and the swirling pattern around it grew more distinct. That's when I went inside and got my wife. She came out about thr time it was almost right over us but slightly to the west. We were both amazed as the swirling pattern grew and stretched out all around the object about 20 times the size of the object itself. It reminded me of a swirling pattern you would see as water drained down a sink. Also reminded me of a swirling pattern in the the sky's of some Nordic country a few years back. I ran back inside and grabbed my phone and took a couple of pictures. They came out okay but you cannot see the swirling pattern as much as I would have liked. I tried using my video phone camera but it picked up nothing. We watched until it disappeared behind the trees. It made no sound. It wasn't high enough to be a satellite and seemed to be at about jet plane level. Strangest thing we ever saw and I have seen some strange things in my 61 years. If you zoom in close on the photos you can see how weird it is.
