{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-29 06:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527797","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27817","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3932,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/797/mufon-5527797.json","updb_database_id":5527797}
Observed two large crescent shaped craft flying overhead

I1m a retired engineer with degrees in Broadcast Engineering and Commercial Aviation. I1ve held a pilots license since 1973. In addition, during my career I have had extensive experience working with NASA.

06:15 Sept 29,2010

I saw a very bright light in the direction from which the sun would rise. 06:15 am on Sept 29 is 45 mins before sunrise. The predawn sky at that point was just starting to show the faintest hint of light. 

My first thought was that the ISS was in line with the sun and I was seeing reflection from it. However the light was traveling from northeast to southwest, opposite of the ISS orbit. 

Then as the object moved out of alignment with the sun1s angle, the light abruptly went out. What the hell, I thought. It didn1t make sense. At that point the terminator between night and day was still in the Atlanta area and If something was high enough to reflect the sun1 

A. the reflection would be constant, and 
B. the object would have to be at orbital altitudes.  I was puzzled.   The quick math did not add up.

As my eyes followed the path that the light had taken, I saw it. No if ands or buts. I saw it and it was real.

It was a huge and I mean huge. 

Again, as I followed the path of the light, (after it went out) I saw a huge crescent shaped object flying very high.  It was metallic in color, and the edges were rounded. It appeared to be much higher than the 767 I had just seen. It was blocking out stars as it passed overhead. The hint of light defined the front edge very plainly. The rear edge appeared to be a crescent shape as well. And lo and behold, a second one was flying right behind it.

Ok, now determining altitude is often difficult. What lead me to believe that this was higher, much higher than the airline was the 1softness1 of the image due to pre-dawn humidity which on a clear day indicates very high altitude. I could see the distinct outline of the earlier 767 and the humidity softness wasn1t apparent at 30,000 or so feet. The object was definitely was not lower than the airliner.

Each object was approximately 15 to 20 degrees arc in width. At 45000 feet, it would make it approximately the width of an aircraft carrier or greater. They had to be several hundred feet at the minimum and 1/8-1/4 mile wide at the most. The speed appeared to be greater than 600-700mph.
No noise, no sonic boom.

I viewed the objects for a minute or so before they traveled out of sight.
One last thing, and I think it1s very important.  I always thought that if I were every lucky enough to see a UFO that I would be elated with joy because the question would be settled in my mind.

As I watched these objects an extreme feeling of dread fell over me. My thoughts were, 1This is not good. This is bad, very bad.1  

It was overpowering and for several days I wrestled with two things. The first being that my understanding of the world changed drastically during that one minute or so.  The second was that 1This is definitely not good!1  As if something sinister was at work.  

As an experienced pilot and engineer I know for a fact that I did not see a stealth, an Aurora, a 1wave rider1 hypersonic aircraft, the supposed triangle lighter than air craft, or any super military advanced technology.
