{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-04 21:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498797","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60371","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2637,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/797/mufon-5498797.json","updb_database_id":5498797}
{cak} 2 sightings within minutes of bright orange light in the center of an object that rotated around the light in a counter clockwise motion triangular shaped form.

My husband and I were taking a walk to the end of our driveway; we live in the woods and wanted to take advantage of the cool weather. We walked out of the house a little before 9:00 p.m. On our way back, my husband said what the heck is that in the sky. It was an orange light high in the sky that almost looked like a fire. I dismissed it thinking it was a Chinese lantern or something. The object was moving extremely fast and the light would be bright then dim then bright again. To me the light looked like it flickered but to my husband it looked as if it was getting brighter and dimmer. As it started to come over head, I flashed my flashlight to follow it in the sky and could see the outline of the body that looked like an upside down bulbous triangle that rotated around the light in a counterclockwise motion. The light was the center and the body moved around the light. I have never seen anything like it. This thing moved extremely fast across the sky. It freaked me about when I realized the body or something was rotating around the light. My husband was at a different angle from me when I was shining the flashlight and he saw the outline of a disk or sphere shaped object and did not see the bulbous triangle rotating part. That is the only way I can describe it. We continued to walk back to the house and when we saw a second object coming into view. I ran into the house to get my binoculars and camera. By the time I made it back outside which was less than a minute the object was completely almost out of our line of sight. My husband did take a picture but it does not appear to have captured the object. These two sighting were approx 4 to 5 minutes apart.  We continued to monitor the sky for anything else but nothing. I have no idea what it was and I am very perplexed on what I saw. My husband and I both witnessed both objects and had different views.
