{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-31 23:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485797","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73929","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2247,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/797/mufon-5485797.json","updb_database_id":5485797}
UFO appeared from the Southeast and moved slowly toward the NE.

This has occurred 3 times within the last year driving New York's Taconic Parkway just north of the Croton Reservoir Bridge. Most recent sightings was about 11:30 pm New Years Eve, Dec. 31, 2015. I was driving south on the Taconic and noticed the same type and style of UFO I had observed about six months ago in the same general location. This time I tried to pull over so I could watch the UFO, but by the time I was able to pull over it had moved north east. The shape of the craft was a triangle shape of dark gray; non reflective material. A very bright light was on the point end of the craft with blinking or pulsing red and green lights on the triangular sides of the object. I noticed it hovering then moving very slowly. 
I was surprised the first time I saw this object, but this time I knew what it was and just wanted to get a better look at it. 

My next sighting was January 2, 2016 approximately 5 pm. I was traveling north on the Taconic Parkway just north of the Croton Reservoir Bridge. (That area does not have many trees which would impede the viewing of a craft). I noticed very, very high in the sky a bright white light and was trying to figure out what it was. The light and object got lower and I could see that it was the same type of UFO craft with pulsing green and red lights as I had seen two days before. I was a little surprised to see this object when it was so early in the day. The object slowly moved south east in its trajectory. 

I never felt afraid when I viewed the UFO's just an initial surprise as I never thought I would see one.
