{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528797","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26757","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":11851,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/797/mufon-5528797.json","updb_database_id":5528797}
My UFO sighting has lasted almost a month.

Ever since I had watched Alison Kruses' UFO videos I had been hooked and fascinated. I was thrown into the world of UFOs and ETs and I hoped very soon to see UFOs in my area and video tape them and hopefully do something in this world to provide disclosure. 

But I had no idea what I was getting myself into. 

Not that I regret it, but when I saw my first golden-fireball-type UFO sitting over the Oldsmar bridge high in the sky, I never knew that I would have anything related to close contact. 

My friend Jessi and I headed to Walmart on November 11th, 2010. When I left my neighborhood, I saw my first "real" UFO sighting. A golden ball of light shining way brighter than any star(We call it a "mini-sun UFO" in our group on Youtube) I had an awesome glimpse of it going over the bridge and I somehow had lost interest in anything else after that. Leaving Walmart, however, I saw another golden mini sun in the sky right over the parking lot to the right side. I was very amazed. Thinking back, it was probably the same one. I had no idea at the time. This one was moving very very slowly. But I made my friend stop to observe it with me. She was also amazed. Nobody else stopped to look in the parking lot. They were too pre-occupied.

It kept getting closer and closer and the grip I had on my friend's sleeve grew tighter and tighter. And then it did something that would have confirmed a regular person that it was a plane. Not me. I know what they are capable of. The ball of light shone brightly. It separated into two lights and then slowly but surely it took shape of a plane and flew directly over me. But this was NOT a plane. The lights were changing on it. Some switched on and off, some had strobes. But there were NO green and red navigational lights on the wings-- Something that is required by law that a plane has to have. The shape of the planes suggested that it was a passenger plane. 

My friend might not have been convinced that it was a UFO but I was. I have seen the kind of fake plane phenomena before. I was prepared. 

We left to go to Hess. We stopped at a light and there was another mini sun UFO sitting in the sky. This time I had my camera. I was fully prepared. I had never seen this type of golden light before in the sky. I have lived here for 23 years. By two airports and this is NOT normal. 

After the light turned green and I was recording, we took a left turn and the ball started following the car. A little bit behind the car, but it kept perfect pace with the car. In the video, I wasn't surprised by that because I was 100% sure that they were following me. 

After we stopped at another light, the golden lighted UFO turned to fly over us, took shape of a plane and flew away. 

After that night, I started to be "followed. " 

The next night, November 12th, 2010, I went to the gas station with my boyfriend who was driving. There was a ball of light in perfect view of the station. I got it on camera. It hovered for 8 minutes, then started very slowly moving and then started flashing like a regular aircraft and flew away. On our way up to New Port Richey, when we were passing a woodsy area in Trinity, I saw another ball of light. This one keeping pace with the car. That is on the same video as the one at the gas station. The ball of light following our car side-by-side until it started flashing like they normally do and flew off overhead.

November 13th, I go searching by myself with my camera, and as soon as I get outside and into my car I see a white orb-like UFO spit a smaller white orb out of it's back end and fall to the ground. This was high in the sky so I couldn't drive towards it. That is where I became frightened. I was starting to see these UFOs in my neighborhood. I went on my merry way. When I got to the outer side of the semi circle(my house is on the inner circle)of the neighborhood, I saw two white lights kind of tilted sitting in the sky. They couldn't have been headlights-- they were too far apart. I tried to fumble around with my camera but I couldn't get it to work. I drove hurriedly to the shopping center to see if I could get it on film as it passed over and I pulled my camera out just in time to film the fly-over. This fly-over was very different. It didn't look like a plane. It had two with lights far apart, two in the middle close together and one on the side. That is when I started to put two-and-two together-- They were following me. 

Every night after that, my sightings have increased. When I step outside of my house, there are two golden mini-sun UFOs sitting in the sky perfectly to where they can see me. If I had to describe how they are capable of this I would say that they can zoom in so far from such a distance that they can see everything you do. Not only that but they can change their appearance to make it look like they are far away, when it reality they are much, much closer. When I get in my car to go somewhere, the golden lights follow me. They are always visible in my car. Some time it will look like they are coming towards me when I am driving. When I get to a red light or a stop sign, the craft stops in mid air. When I take either a left turn or right turn, the craft also does so. A maneuver impossible for a regular aircraft. These crafts do not change lights when they turn. It looks like a plane that suddenly goes sideways. 

Everywhere I go, they are there. The golden lights. I will try and show my friends but they all think they are planes. Because the crafts are capable of blinking like a plane, everyone assumes they are planes. But the blinks are irregular. Sometimes the blinking even stops for a few seconds and then continues. The lights constantly change numbers and colors and blinks. That is a violation of the aviation code. 

I believe they UFOs are covered by a forced-sphere which allows them to shrink or expand their size. It also allows them to project holograms of any type of craft as well as take the form of any type of craft. They are anti-gravity and are capable of any kind of aerial maneuver possible. They can mimic the sound of the type of craft and change the lights on the type of craft also. 

That brings me to my close contact sighting. 

One day I was sitting in my house. The whole day I had heard a helicopter outside. All day this helicopter must have been flying around outside because the sound wouldn't stop.
I had a hunch. I wondered if these UFOs wanted me to come outside so they were making a lot of noise. After all, if they can take different shapes, I thought, it would be easier for them to project sound. 
I finally got sick of the noise. I remember saying "Alright. Alright I'm coming. " Out loud as I headed to the door. It was 4:30 pm. I walked outside and there was a helicopter sighting in the sky pointing towards me where the usual golden light ball was. I looked right up at it and it flew away. 

A few hours later, my boyfriend and I were heading to our friend's house in Clearwater Somewhere between the 14th and the 19th on November 2010 about 8 PM, we are about to pull up to the house when I see the biggest golden light I've seen so far. It must have been hovering the next street over. I looked directly at it and the light then dove very very fast into the trees the next street over and hid. I could see him through the trees. I yelled out loud because I had never seen such a thing in all of my life. It actually dove into the trees. I didn't have my camera that night, but when I got out of my car a giant helicopter came from the direction of where the golden light dove and flew over me. I couldn't see the helicopter. Only the lights and I could hear the sound. It must have shape-shifted. I tried to call out of it to tell it that I didn't want it to go, and then one minute later the helicopter came back over the neighborhood and back to where the golden light I saw was. Then two minutes later the helicopter came back over me and flew off. 
I heard the sound of a faint plane in the distance. A plane. And right as I was walked to my friend's garage, a plane that was about 3 stories from the ground flew over the neighborhood very fast and very low. It looked like an all gray plane with one engine and no windows. It had one red light on the left wing. The sound it made was very irregular for how low and close it was. I thought I was seeing things. Then 5 minutes later the helicopter came from where the gold light ball had been and flew over me for a third time, but this time it sounded like a plane and not a helicopter. It was as if I was looking at a helicopter and hearing a plane. Very strange. 

My boyfriend had consumed some beers and went around the side of our friend's house to pee and I followed him because I wanted to ask him about the helicopter. Just then, a white semi-invisible object flew right past our bodies silently and up over the house next to my friend's. I stood there frozen. I turned to my boyfriend and I said "Did you just see that? " expecting him to say no like he always does. But this time he said "You mean that shooting star over the neighbors house? " The orb-like thing flew past us....which means that it was hiding on the side of the house watching me as I stood in the driveway watching the helicopter go by. 

I was being followed still. By these UFOs/orbs/whatever they are. 

The next day I see the two headlight-type UFOs in my neighborhood very close to my house. I got one in HD. It flew behind some trees and when it emerged it was a triangle shape. Then it turned into a plane and flew away.

I have seen one-winged hologram planes fly over me I have seen hot pink planes. I have seen hotpink planes with hotpink contrails when nothing else in the sky is pink. I have seen batwinged shaped planes. The wings are back the tips of the wings look as thought they are bent backwards.
I see many things. Golden orbs that turn into planes. 

I am being followed. Every day. I feel that I am in danger. It was fun at first, but I don't want to be followed 24/7 anymore. 

Links: Please watch these videos. They coincide with my reports. 

The first video is the first time I saw these golden balls. I saw them with my friend Jessi after we left Walmart. 

The second video is the UFOs I saw at the gas station and the one following my boyfriend's car on the way to Trinity. 

The third one is the one I saw in my neighborhood when I pulled into the shopping center. The odd light formation.

I have many more sightings on Youtube. My username is HeadlessPony.
I want people to see these videos.
I have the triangle sighting that I mentioned. I have sightings from the pier by my house.
I have the one-winged plane and the hotpink plane. They are in HD and you guys don't have enough attachment slots for me to unload all of my videos. 
Please look at them.
