{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-11-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469797","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90716","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6328,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/797/mufon-5469797.json","updb_database_id":5469797}
{cak} several light emitting orbs blue and redish orange in color

The events started to take place in the winter of 2016 until current. I was at a high school friends house and we were experimenting with his new drone which was new technology to the both of us. I'm not sure on the details of the drone other than it was an expensive drone with a gyroscopic camera mounted to the underside of it which relayed video back to his cell phone. We normally played with it during the day until one night we decided to see how well it worked at night, to our surprise you could still see the whole town quite clear even in pitch darkness and so we decided when we both had more time we would take it up again for longer at night. A few days later he had called me as i was getting off work to tell me that some kind of light had been chasing his drone, i actually laughed because i thought he was out of his mind but i could tell he was serious by the tone of his voice. I thought that surely it was someone else with a drone chasing his as a joke or something of that nature. I believe it was on a Saturday about a week later from when he had told me about the light i went back to see it for myself. As i arrived at about ten at night he was preparing to send it up in the air. He flew around town for around five to ten minutes when he decided to fly it over us from east to west at a moderate speed probably twenty five feet off the ground when sure enough an orangish-red orb or light had came from a southern direction and started to pursue his drone, he tried like crazy to lose this light but it was almost like it knew exactly what move he was going to make before he could make it. We started to get creeped out because the possibility of the light being from another drone or man made object became apparent that it wasn't. We decided to land it and as he got about a block away from his house this thing just disappeared in mid air. This is only one of several occasions on which this orb in orangish-red color had chased this drone and on a few occasions the drone had malfunctioned conveniently when this orb had showed itself. On one occasion in broad daylight we witnessed the orb chasing the drone then the orb disappeared and he had a homing setting which if he used it it would make the drone bring itself back to where we were without his control except for this time which it ended up in a field a mile east of town in a field that belonged to the golden triangle ethanol plant. Now the funny thing about this is we could never use the camera to capture the orb because it would sense what we were trying to do and evade the camera which is why i know this is an intelligent entity. I cannot count how many times i have had run in with orbs and unexplained light anomalies in this northwest Missouri area. On one occasion at night after taking the drone up and being intercepted by the orb we decided to jump in the car and cruise around to see what we could find, we went north of craig on hwy 59 and out of nowhere we saw a strange looking man walking on the shoulder of the road towards us but we only caught a quick glimpse of him and as soon as we passed him i slammed on the brakes and turned around only to find that there was nobody, anywhere. There was another event that stands out in my mind in where my girlfriend and i had been in st joseph Missouri bowling, i had been drinking so she decided to drive us home. We have to drive through craig to get to our home and as we got off of interstate I-29 at about midnight we turned onto 59 hwy heading west into craig when i saw a blue orb which my first thought was it was my buddies drone and maybe he had put a light on it until we started to head north on 59 this orb paralleled us on the drivers side and kept a consistant altitude and would mimick our speed which when we got further away from town it started to bother me so i asked her since i had been drinking if she was seeing the same thing that i was and she said with a shakey voice you mean that blue light? I told her to speed up and try to shake it but even at 75 mph it was still about 30 feet from us and matching our speed. We speed up it would also, we slowed down so would it. This thing didn't follow us, no....it was beside us the whole time. Matter of fact it did this all the way to our house which in total was 25 miles until we pulled into our driveway then it just jetted straight up and vanished in a split second. I'm a truck driver so i see these things all the time and believe it or not I'm actually used to it, on one occasion i was hauling grain out of bins in the middle of nowhere around Tarkio Missouri by myself at around 10 at night, i was loaded coming down the gravel road when i looked up and realized there was a red light directly above my truck and it was low enough that i locked up the brakes because i thought i was going to collide with whatever it was but when i got out of the truck there was nothing there..... i refuse to load my truck anymore or really do anything at night around here by myself because i get this heavy uneasy feeling like I'm just not alone. I always wondered to myself why Missouri, especially this area of Missouri. There is nothing special here except for large windmill farms. The only other thing i can think of is maybe its connected to the nuclear plant in Brownville Nebraska which is around 40 miles away. This is an ongoing thing up until currently just a week ago i saw a blue orb on a farm south of rockport Missouri. This is the first time ive ever spoke out about this other than to my girlfriend, my buddy with the drone and his girlfriend. I hope this helps in collaboration with other sightings in discovering the truth one day.
