{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-06 19:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497797","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61539","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3112,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/797/mufon-5497797.json","updb_database_id":5497797}
Saw a mysterious object hovering on the moon through my camera. Notvisiblein thenaked eye.

On. Nov 6th wanted to take a picture of the full moon and hence went to the terrace to do so. I took a pic and has the moon was pretty far away, I zoomed my camera and took pics. I notice there was a light on the screen at the bottom most surface of the moon which made it look like the moon was talking to me. But there was no sign of it in pics. But then one pic i had captured had a red oval object. It was not seen through the naked eye. I then captured a video, and the object kept moving and blinking in the video. I went down and explained the phenomeon to frinds and family and along with my sis and friend we went to check if it was still there. It was. I was the only one able to see it in my cam, while my sis and friend could not due to their phone zooming strength being limited to 2X while mine was 4X zoom.

All of us saw the image blinking. I tried moving the cam tothe left and right to make sure it was not the camera fault, but the object was still in the same spot at every direction when i reduced the zoom the object could be seen very lightly. We took three videos. at different times with a break of 5 mins in between each interval. It was seen around 07:23PM TO 08:13PM IST. In between it stopped during a cloud cover and after the time we saw it we went down and tried to cintact people to get videos of the moon. When we up again there was a cloud cover and hence could not see it thre after.

When I first noticed the object I though the moon was talking to me. For the shape of the object blinking looked like it was really talking. It was scarry and I thought i was seeing things. there was a powercut in the area during the 1st video being shot while the other 2 times there was power.

Most of the people we tried to contact from different parts of the city could not take pictures of the moon due to cloud cover. I have also uploaded the videos on you tube.
