{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490075","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69521","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3437,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/075/mufon-5490075.json","updb_database_id":5490075}
Three sightings during two-day meteor shower (fading white orb, pulsating red orb, and star-like object)

This is the third report of sightings within the same area. All sightings began with looking westbound towards the V1rnamo area and the sightings ended either west or north-west within my line of sight. 

This report covers two nights, August midnight 13th/14th and 14th/15th 2015 where the meteor shower was visible. While the meteorites could be seen all over the sky at random time points, the unidentified objects were observed only around the same area as in the previous reports.

During the first night, two objects were seen. The first appeared over Venus which was directly west. It appeared suddenly, far off, with a very bright white light as if to capture my attention and drifted off heading north. As it drifted in a constant path, the bright white light faded away until disintegrating. I had first mistaken it to be an extremely bright meteorite but it was moving too slowly to be one, and it could not be a jet as it had no strobe lights -- rather a consistent white light that faded as it moved. Duration approximately 15 seconds until fading. The second object that night appeared several minutes later, emerging from the west again and headed north/north-east bound. It was an orb-like object with a surface that could not be seen, save for a pulsating, dull red light as if it were pretending to be a commercial jet. The pulse was far too dull and wide to be a jet, and there were no white strobe lights. It lasted slightly longer than the bright white orb but eventually faded when reaching the north/north-east location.

The next night, I had observed a star-like object in what was the same or similar west location as in the first report, year 2011. However, this object was different and could easily be mistaken for a supernova or binary star system like Sirius. Oddly enough, I had always thought this object to be a star as I had observed it to the north of my location on every occasion prior to this and it appeared stationary. However, during this night the "star" was not to the north, but now to the west. I thought this strange and then began to believe my father who was telling me that he saw the object move, and I looked at it more carefully. When focusing careful attention upon it as it flickered chaotically in hues of blue, white, and red, the object would every once in a while perform subtle loops or drifts, and would drift north, and then drift back south. It would ascend or descend, but its position remained relatively the same over the 15 minutes we looked at the object. It remained in the same area when we left.

What purpose all of these objects have remains unknown. The last object to my sense seemed to pose as a star and had no interests other than remaining relatively stationary.
