{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-06 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483075","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76866","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2639,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/075/mufon-5483075.json","updb_database_id":5483075}
Object with

Hi to all at MUFON,

I noted the apparent object with gull wing like configuration whilst observing the latest image from the SOHO satellite. Said object looks large when placed under scrutiny. Perhaps almost 'space station-like' with a large vertical appendage and a long one to the lower right and short one, or that which may constitute the rear of the main body coming out to the lower left.. as depicted in the image. There is some difficulty in determining the solidity of the long structures and they might alternatively be interpreted as very large 'wings'.

The image has been enhanced and magnified and in my opinion remains significant enough in its presentation to warrant another report to MUFON.

Your comment in due course regarding the result of additional analysis and outcome of the investigation will be appreciated. I will expect NASA will make all efforts to debunk (should they be asked) and that is their brief, although I would be interested in their comment. Any independant MUFON analysis will be most appreciated.

I am only interested in a fair and impartial treatment of the evidence, to get to the bottom of the cause of such an image. If the cause is not determined then fine, it can remain a mystery. I would prefer a real answer though, one way or the other.

I remain rational and skeptical but the possibility of what this COULD be does stir the imagination. A real life Klingon Battlecruiser circling the Sun has to be exciting after all!

Perhaps a better image is what is needed to establish incontravertability (if thats the word!), but it is not for me to say......your experts may develop more from it.

Still..it is worth reporting and should be part of your database.

Kind Regards
Your Witness
