{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-12-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501075","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57999","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2498,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/075/mufon-5501075.json","updb_database_id":5501075}
{cak} the light came down in the middle of the Hwy out in no where. Then we either hit it or went through it and proceeded to do this over and over again like rewinding a movie about 10 times and etc. on the Hwy between Roswell and Ruidoso

We were driving from Ruidosa on the Hwy to going back home at around 8pm or so. We both realized there was a red light up pretty far ahead of us almost like a tower light. My boyfriend at the time was in the air force. He was like I don't think so but not sure. As we drove the red like seemed to have little more color to it as it got closer. Eventually it was coming down in front of us while we were driving. It almost seemed like it was in the middle of the road and it got to the point we we're going to hit it head on! The light was so bright we couldn't even see. I screamed to Mike to stop. All the sudden we were still driving down the road I guess had gone through it I said why didn't you do something he said he couldn't said it was like he was just froze. He said look behind us. I looked back and we could see the light behind us and it was way behind us like a red light again. Then a few minutes later we could see the red light up in the sky then it was in the road again we went through or hit it or whatever happen and the same thing happen we could see it behind, then in front of us this happen over and over nothing we could do was like rewinding a movie over and over. I was in the floorboard crying at times and he just cried. We would say should we pull over in between it coming back down but was scared to death we were out in no where pitch black. Finally saw a small town and stopped immediately, also realized we had lost about a hr or so of time. Never been so scared in my life can't even explain and had never heard of UFO ' S tell after this had happened. We were never going to tell anyone but every day I wonder what happened to us.
