{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-28 20:54:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506075","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52745","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3145,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/075/mufon-5506075.json","updb_database_id":5506075}
{rjl} Yellowish-orange-red orb that hovered in place like a flame then turned into a sphere

On thanksgiving night (11-28-13) around 8 I was looking at Venus through my telescope in my yard, my house was directly behind me. I started viewing Venus when it was at the south-eastern sky and continued to view it till it got to the northeast sky. At that time, around 8:50 or 9:15 I got tired of looking at Venus and turned around, 180 degrees, and pointed my telescope to Jupiter when I noticed the orb. It was impossible for me not to notice it once I had turned around because it was hovering about 2 yards from my rooftop and about 5 yards from me physically. At first i thought it was a paper ballon or some sort of paper that caught on fire and the wind had lifted it up off the ground but after further inspection it looked like a stationary flame and I was immediately blown. I wanted to yell for my dad to come take a look but I knew it was a once in a life time situation so I pulled out my iPhone trying as best to resist the urge of excited. In fact I was so shocked that I thought I was taking Video but realized it was only on the camera so I snapped a picture and switched to video. Right after I snapped the picture the stationary flame turned into a perfect sphere and began moving towards the north. It moved slowly, as it moved towards the north it elevated to the tree-top hight and continued its path towards the north. Meanwhile my dogs were going haywire-barking from the bottoms of their lungs. As I tried running to the top of my door steps I lost sight of the orb over the rest of the trees. I ran inside and began yelling excitingly, showing my family the picture and video, until there was an eerie atmosphere in the kitchen. No one Believed me so I just put it off and ha dinner with my family. 
Two weeks later, today (12-12-13), my neighbor snapped a photograph of a similar colored orb moving across his farm. I decided to post these photos online and a flood of people around my town began confessing to seeing a same color orb...each sighting occurred on a Thursday and all sighting in rural areas.
