{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-12-06 15:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464075","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96828","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2574,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/075/mufon-5464075.json","updb_database_id":5464075}
{jpg} Convoy black vehicles surround military flatbed carrying craft covered in tarp i90 eastbound cleveland

I was driving home from work at 3:10pm on december 6th 2018. I got on i90 eastbound at lear nagle entrance ramp and drove approx 1 mile until entering Cuyahoga county. Upon entering I began to notice an abundance of black vehicles with thin chrome trim and fully tinted windows.The vehicles included a Porsche, a Land Rover, various sedans, Jeep Liberty, various Chevy trucks and above all the new Ford Explorers. They were all relatively new and consistent in appearance. They traveled in a convoy protecting a flatbed truck with military seals on it. The flatbed was hauling a craft or something large and metal covered in heavy canvas like tarps. It was raining so driving next to the semi was dangerous and I sped up to pass it. I could identify a formation as the vehicles traded places and took point positions to protect the cargo. I could tell easily that I was noticed. A white Ford explorer got behind me as if to hurry me away. I thought it may have been a diplomat or politician traveling motorcade but what about the flatbed and craft/object? The vehicles were government, military, or black op. Impressive presence. They intermingled with traffic exiting the highway and I continued to spot vehicles as I drove down the road toward home. There were a few other cars that were traveling the highway portion of my experience and the rain distracted conveniently from the sight. I got home and figured someone had to have seen this and reported it or even posted anything at all. No reports and its 5:30pm now. Not even a mention.it may not have been a ufo because I never saw it fly. There was a massive presence of the fabled men in black vehicles I've never seen the likes of in my whole life.It may be nothing but I wondered if we were being attacked or marshal law or terrorist attack. I know I saw something covert and the object in tow was large.
