{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-12 07:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520075","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36533","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4354,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/075/mufon-5520075.json","updb_database_id":5520075}
Huge oval/disk UFO hoovering by radio tower in Gladstone, MO

As reported to ASD via e-mail today: 

Found you on MUFON site. I don't normally report anything that I have seen over the years but this begs for me to mention. I live in Gladstone, Missouri and have been in the process of moving.

It think it was either Monday or Tuesday morning going back and forth to house on . (Address moved//CMS/GS) it was probably about 7:30-9:00am somewhere in that time frame. I was driving north on Hwy 1 (Antioch Rd) to 72nd St. when something caught my eye to my left (West). There is a tall red/white tower and something was hovering just to the right of it. It seemed just above the height of the tower which was strange. 

I tried to make out the shape (planes and helicopters are easy to figure out so it was not either and a plane could not be that low). It was gold and silver kind of color appearance (the sun was up so it could have been reflecting the sunlight) it was large and it stayed near that tower for a few seconds that I could tell maybe even minutes. Since I had to move with the traffic I was moving slowing and tried to keep my eye on it. It began to appear smaller but in the same place (like it was retracting) it did not go left or right it just either moved to the west in the same spot or retracted, but in a matter of seconds it was gone. I cant tell how large it was but in relation to the tower it would have been about as large as a passenger jet. I was at the red light 72nd st and Antioch so trees were blocking my view. I am not sure now exactly where I was but only seconds/ minutes from when I first saw it) I was able to watch it disappear from sight.

I have looked at that tower for years since I have lived north of the river for about 20 years, I have watched planes, jets and helicopters move about the sky around here and never seen anything like this. 
It was not round it was more of an oval shape maybe even saucer shaped but it was not shaped like a hot air balloon or anything I am aware of. I was staring at it as best as I could which I don't have to do for obvious local aircraft to discern what the heck was going on. It looked like it was almost trying to privet on that tower. It was just barely to the right of the tower and the bottom of the craft would have been just below the top of the tower and the top of the craft would have been a bit above the top of the tower- how many feet I could not tell you- only it was it seemed to be about the size of or larger than a passenger jet. I could not tell if it was truly close to the tower or it gave the illusion it was close to the tower....but the tower was the reference point.

It was odd and the way it left was more than odd. By the way, I could not hear anything engine sound (I had my window open for a better few since my car windows are slightly tinted) like a helicopter or plane or jet. It was or appeared to be stationary, truly standing still just to the right of the tower. When it left it was like it was slipping or retracting from the same spot only it was smaller and smaller till it was gone. No left turn or right turn or up or down just going, going, gone.

I was sort of surprised that it did not seem to catch the attention of other drivers. But over the years I am certain people do not watch or notice much. 

Years ago I had seen something in the sky in Arkansas that was reported in the papers in Monroe, LA. And others saw the same thing I saw. So since then I have paid attention to the skies from time to time. And I have seen other things since then but I have learned to keep it to myself. Since this was in broad daylight and so close to the ground and in my community I wanted to share it with someone who is a believer.
