{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-15 11:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456075","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105525","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3116,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/075/mufon-5456075.json","updb_database_id":5456075}
{cak} Chrome Sphere UFO

My name is Terry and am 68 years old. This is the first time I've used social media of any kind as I'm old school. Of all the things I have seen in my life this changed my perception of the world we live in.

On or about June 15, 2016 in Tulsa, OK I lived approximately 1 mile from the Tulsa International Airport and the landing planes flight pattern would turned right over our back yard. I saw a sphere up close and personal on a bright cloudless day moving east to west parallel to 11th street or old route 66 highway. The object was about 100 feet off the ground moving so slow I thought it should fall from the sky. It was a perfect sphere that was chrome in appearance with no wings, windows, tail, exhaust, or sound. I did not think of taking a picture as I was hypnotized. I was caught up in an unbelievable stare - I could not believe it. I watched it heading toward downtown Tulsa. I waited until the 6 o'clock news as I was sure thousands of people had to see it. There was only a small mention of it, "a couple of people had seen a UFO in east Tulsa" followed by a smile and that was it.

As time went on it just left my mind. Here I am years later and I think about it every day. My biggest question is, it was in the flight pattern so why were there no military jets flying around checking this out. Why didn't thousands of people call in? I will take that sighting to my grave. I know there is someone or something out there, it was not man made. I know no one cares about my sighting, just one of millions. Why was this thing over a heavy populated area in broad daylight? Why were there not thousands of people who saw it? The biggest mystery of my life. I really feel privileged to have seen something most people never get to see. Why didn't the airport radar pick it up? Why was there no response? Why had this came back to me now? I tried to forget it but am sharing it now. It's out there believe it or not. I would take a lie detector test. I would be willing to be hypnotized as it were. I have heard as most people a "flying saucer", it was not. It was a round sphere about one hundred feet across. I can't figure this out.

I am not well educated. I have done nothing special in my life. Words cannot express what I saw. No one believe me anyhow. My hope is that someone will read this and post back that someone else saw it, had too. The news said a couple of people reported it. I would love to talk with them and share my experience, that's all. I know what I saw.
