{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-06 07:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527075","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28569","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2748,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/075/mufon-5527075.json","updb_database_id":5527075}
Blimp? No ad, no underneath, shadow in middle, more cigar shaped. UFO?

On a morning with blue skies and only a few white clouds, but otherwise a crystal clear day, I thought I saw a blimp flying overhead, but there was something odd about it. There was no ad on it, normally I see HOOD blimps, but this was plain so I looked again more closely. I am nearsighted so maybe I just was not seeing it correctly, but it did not seem wide enough to be a blimp and it did not seem to have a cabin underneath it, nor the little tail pieces that normally stick out the back. I thought at first of a white pill capsule the way it was so rounded out but with a shadow in the middle like it had been cut a little but still connected, but in some way, it was more cigar shaped the way that one end was somewhat thicker than the other. It almost did not seem to be moving, but maybe it was just moving slowly, I can not be sure since I was not still at the time. I had to stare at it for a minute to take it in but after turning away for a moment, looking back, I could not spot it again. I will reiterate that I am nearsighted and it was first thing in the morning for me and it happened too quickly for me to even think of recording it before it was gone from sight. So there is not much to go on other than it was essentially a crystal clear day and I know what blimps look like and after a first glance I was no longer certain that it was one. I will have my doubts as much as the next person, but the part of me that questioned what I saw is what brought me here, but Id like to go about my life as normal, as though it was nothing. I do not want to get wrapped up in conspiracies and beliefs in otherworldly beings so I would like to remain anonymous. I just thought it would be good to post this in case anyone else had seen it and also thought it seemed strange. I am attaching a picture of a foam pillow that looks a bit like a pill like I described. It is not exactly what it looked like but it should do. Thank you for reading.
