{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-05 05:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454075","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107545","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3031,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/075/mufon-5454075.json","updb_database_id":5454075}
{jpg} Witnessed a pair of lights that started moving, then saw that it was a large group of lights descending in a straight line diagonally.

I live in Alamosa, Colorado which is in the San Luis Valley. I went outside to let my dogs out and smoke between 5:00am and 5:30am on March 5, 2020. Immediately I looked at the stars to the north at a 30 to 45 degree angle. I noticed that it was a really clear sky and that the stars were very bright. Within maybe a minute of walking outside and looking at the stars the were in the Cassiopeia constellation in saw two of the brightest stars start to move to the east while descending at the same time. Once they moved a little bit I noticed that there were more of them following in a straight line. They continued moving in a very straight path to the east. The line they were moving was very exact and didn’t change, but the path that they were all on was a little wider, so that some were either higher or lower than others but only slightly. They were not equidistant from each other. The space between them varied. It even seemed like some of the likes might be single craft and some were actually part of larger craft. I remember that there was three of the lights that seemed like they were one craft with the two on either side were the elevation and the middle one was slightly higher. There was one in the stream of lights that was red. I would say that there could have been anywhere from 30 to 50 of the lights that all moved along the same diagonally descending path. It took maybe 5 to 8 minutes for them all to disappear from my sight behind the tree line. The first one started around the Cassiopeia constellation and looking to the west in the line of lights extended diagonally up towards what I think was the Ursa Major constellation. I live right next the airport and see coming in from all the normal directions from any of the mountains that make up the San Luis Valley, so I know what small propeller driven planes, small and larger jets, helicopters, and drones look like coming from the horizon and closer. And all those make a great deal of noise. Even drones can be heard to some distance, but these lights made no sound that could be heard. I’ve never seen more than 3 drones at a time in the sky’s here either, so it’s very unlikely that there would be 30-50 drones out at 5am. This was an honest experience that has constantly played in my mind since seeing it.
