{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-03 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514517","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43699","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2546,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/517/mufon-5514517.json","updb_database_id":5514517}
{dr}Large orange and yellow fireball moving south over Lake Odessa.

Around 8pm on November 3rd, my mother called me and said that there was an object with red light along the outside and a white light in the center. I ran outdoors but didn't see anything and came back in. Less than five minutes later, she calls again saying there is another one. My husband, son, and I came outside and in the east going north to south was an orange glowing object. It looked like an orange ball of fire about the size of a pea or pencil erasure. At the bottom, in the center, it was yellow. It wasnt a light, it was a glowing object. Outer edge seemed to undulate a bit. As it moved to the south, it seemed like it was shrinking or going out. It moved behind the trees in my yard and I lost sight of it. A few seconds afterwards, I saw a pinpoint white flash, like a star. This was a very cloudy night, you couldnt see any stars or the moon. This object made no noise. I didn't hear plane or jets far off, only traffic on the roads. My mother lives less than a half a mile east of me and this object flown right betwwen us. (From what my mother said, it was almost right over her). Id say the sighting lasted a minute or two. Id guess the speed was slower than a the commercial jets I see around here. My mother said she sent you a report of what she saw, so I wont go into her sighting. 
My feeling at the time were excitement. This wasnt scared, just intrigued. My son hasnt stopped talking about it.

Side Note: I checked the National UFO Reporting Center website for a simular sighting. There was one few about a month ago in Ionia, which is less than twenty miles North of us, going in the same direction.

Also, Im reluctant to add this since it sounds crazy. I told my mom I was going to think at it and she said she would too. Then I hung up and the object started to dim I little while later. Im sure this means nothing, but you asked about our reactions.
