{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-05-14 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507517","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51180","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3865,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/517/mufon-5507517.json","updb_database_id":5507517}
[{dr}Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]

My Recollection of an Unidentified Flying Object
by [Name removed/cms/tg]

One evening in mid-May, 1978, I was a passenger in a tiny Fiat, driving towards Miami with my brother and his wife at the time. We were approximately in North/Central Florida. Being from NYC, I did not really know the landmarks. 
I did know that we were NOT on I-95 or any major roadway. My brother had decided to take a smaller, more inland route home to show me the land.
I am not sure exactly what time it was when observed what seemed like a shooting star in the distance over what is the east coast of Florida (the Fiat lacked a clock, and at that point it didn't make a difference).
The difference between this and other shooting stars that I had observed in the past, was its sudden stop. It did not trail off. Instead, it began to shine and twinkle, if you will, like a brighter star in the sky, except at about the level youd expect an airplane to fly.
It seemed to run a parallel course with us for about half an hour when it started moving at a decent pace in a Westerly direction towards us. 
for about 15 minutes it came steadily in a westward direction, now slight ahead of our vantage point in the moving car.
Within a few more minutes it was clearly evident that the object was not an airplane or weather balloon, as the usual excuses go.
A few minutes later it came to a halt almost dead ahead and above our road. By that time, I had stuck my head out of the passenger window and was waving frantically as my brother flashed his lights on and off several times. 
What we, but especially my brothers wife at the time and I, saw was what the picture above depicts. 
We could clearly make out the outline of the object and three lights, Red, Red, and Green. The center red one would only come on occasionally, which is why I depicted it slightly different in shade.
I cannot calculate distance, but it was close enough that at arms length, my thumb and index finger were about 2-3 inches apart in size as I "framed" it.
Several minutes it hovered, stationary.
Then the center RED light came "on" and the craft darted into the beyond, almost instantly.
All told, this object was in "view" over that part of Florida for about an hour.
My brother was driving, and of course had to keep his eyes on the road, but he did catch occasional glimpses of the object. His wife at the time was able to track it with me until it disappeared.

Now for the rest of the story:
Years later, on an episode of "Unsolved Mysteries," I saw a sketch, almost exactly like the one I had made and lost a few years before. I made several attempts at contacting the defunct program (with Robert Stack) but could never find the footage that showed the depiction. Too bad, so sad.

Last year, I decided to peruse the Internet for any UFO sightings in Florida around that time.
To my surprise and delight, dozens of people witnessed it and it was tracked by a "secret" military/naval base called Pinecastle in Florida.
Thank you. I wasnt crazy.

The Bottom Line:
I saw what I saw.
I just don't know "what" I saw.
