{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292517","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110805","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2357,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/517/mufon-5292517.json","updb_database_id":5292517}
Quiet glowing anomaly (ufo sighting)

My and my mom were enjoying a nice fire when suddenly she noticed something in the sky... I had told her I didn't see anything and she continued to tell me it was behind the trees... When I was able to see the glowing orb-like round object, i was absolutely gobsmacked. My jaw dropped. It gave us an uneasy feeling like something was watching us but i continued to move closer towards it because it was moving away from where we could visually see it. I had never seen anything like it before. It gave off a bright orange-ish reddish glow. It was slowly moving across the sky and I had thought it was a drone but there was no sound coming from it whatsoever. It was also a very quiet and still night. Here's what happened... I got up from the chairs we were sitting in and I starting walking down the stairs on our property when I got the urge to chase it, to run after it, and see what it was up close because I was genuinely curious and wanted to meet my alien friends at last but as i was chasing it and tried approaching it, the orb sped up and increased its speed of velocity. I ran as fast as I could to see if they would interact with me or something but then I began to realize that there was no point in catching up with it because it was already over the trees (i was a little over half way down our sidewalk in front of our house) to the north of us and it sadly vanished and i've never seen it since... I've always wondered if they are trying to protect me from something or just to watch over me and observe me. I will never know and it's a memory in my life that I will never forget. I'm so happy about this platform where people can testify and write up their unusual reports. Thank you Mufon! I don't feel crazy anymore!
