{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-13 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481517","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78493","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3778,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/517/mufon-5481517.json","updb_database_id":5481517}
During a weekend various ufos -diferent technologies of flight

Hello!
Tenacity paid off, the weekend of all UFOs.
In my nights of observations at the sky where i live i got the reward of field investigation about UFOs here in Portugal.
Starting in the 13 august ending 15:
Start to see not normal blue orbs pulsating, first along the coast, then over my house. I start to interact with a flashlight and i got the attention of a blue orb as you can see on the clip, then at 14 august all UFOs get loose, a red UFO start to hovering and path all-over this valley even after planes, once more i try to interact making flash light signals, he was maybe at 1 and a half km high, some summer clouds was passing, he approach and start to change from stationery red to flashing copper-green, as you can see at the clip, a image speaks better than words, I am not a expert on recording images, but a cam in one hand and the other hand with a flash light I do the best I can.
Day 14 start to see a blue orb and one hour later I got a shower of fireflies all over me in a angle of 901, I fell some small electric current passing trough me I was euphoric recording with a big pain on my neck when I see a blue pulsating orb? crossing the sky from my position to NW in less than nothing, much more fast then a bullet, I was military 5 years and I know the speed of trace bullets. I know this images of fireflies are rare so far I know only NASA have. Please I would like to create a dynamic in the planet with crazy people like me u likes to observe the sky to trace and triangulate this logistic movements of our friends or please help me saying and proving that what I see every day all year it is man made. For more incredible this sound it is true what its happened here in Portugal, I got much more info and data about proved patterns, not table and desk theories.
I do zoom with my cheap camera there are some pixels on the images but the fireflies are very distinct as you can see, better see in a laptop or please fell free to enhance the image.
My aim is about recording all I can about this phenomenon's to the future, it is also about the security, because here its where the planes make the turns to lower or higher there flight concerning the landings.
I am a real passionate amateur Astronomer and a convict Ufologist u likes to hunt UFOs since the 80s, the great show on earth its to looking our skies.
Thank you
Manuel Salvador
