{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-24 20:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520517","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36036","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2442,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/517/mufon-5520517.json","updb_database_id":5520517}
zig zag flight path E to W, 3 planes also visible at same time. Speed twice plane speed.

In back garden having cigarette. Dark with light wispy cloud with stars visible. Watching plane on usual west to east flight path beginning it's descent into Birmingham Airport(BHX). Object flew into view an inch above plane (from my perspective) from east to west at seemingly twice the speed of the plane. Intrigued by the speed and the continuous glow which was yellowy gold. Initial thought was a meteor/comet but quickly realised no tail and object wasn't descending, it was moving accross the sky. Object made a series of abrupt directional changes (i saw 4) of about 20 degrees horizontally which confirmed to me this was not a plane or meteor and prompted me to write this report. The object travelled from directly above me, looking up at approx 60 to the north, to the western horizon in no more than 20 seconds. Frustratingly, even with 3 planes at various points & heights in view, I cannot estimate the height of the object or therefore the speed or size. I can only express the speed of the object relative to the plane flying in the opposite direction from my perspective appeared to be twice that of the plane. I could not tell truly whether the object was above or below the plane but i felt that it was higher. I would be surprised if no one on any of the three planes saw it and if it did not appear on BHX radar, i would want to know what is wrong with their equipment. My partner also witnessed this object. I would just also like to add that we are 15miles from BHX so are more than familiar with planes of all shapes & sizes, we have lived here for 12 years and have only once previously seen something that we could not instantly dismiss as a plane (didn't report that). This was definitely not a plane and it was definitely intelligently controlled.
