{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-23 19:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506517","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52253","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3271,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/517/mufon-5506517.json","updb_database_id":5506517}
{kt}Fire balls falling from the phoenix sky then stop open into globe shapes with lights inside blinking then object moves sideways

My husband and I seen something very very strange on Oct 23, 2010. I was in the house watching tv and my husband came in screaming come out here right away...for some reason i thought he said "fire" so I ran around the house looking for smoke or fire. Found nothing, so I thought where is he...I ran out the front door of our home which faces the north. I stopped right away and stood there for a second then walked to the sidewalk next to him and my mouth dropped open...I started to shake and told him I think this is the real thing (ufo sighting) very close it appears. I would say it lasted approx 10 to 15mins. At first my husband thought they were space rocks. Two objects what appeared to be fire balls came out of the sky falling towards earth and then criss-crossed each other then stop in mid-air right next to each other. They then appeared to open up like a globe, and I seen red/white lights, but my husband seen blue/white blinking inside these globes ?? Then the one on the left blinked 2x and the one on the right did the same this went on 1 more time each...as if they were talking to each other - then the one on the right moved sideways towards the east. My knees felt weak and my breathing > hard to breath. My husband ran in the house to get his camera, but the objects starting falling behind the tree line out of sight before he returned. The lights then seem to turn blue to me at that point. In all my born days Ive never seen a craft of ours do this...We will never ever believe what we seen were flares it was nothing Ive ever seen in my life. I was very shook up, and had to go lay down...watched the 9pm news it was mentioned 1x ( I printed that news article off the internet ) for proof. They tried to tell the public it was testing...but was not mention on the 10pm news that I could find. From then on I have seen approx 4 more sightings of white bright lights moving across the Arizona skies. They are very high almost what appears as high as stars. They are moving with direction mainly to the north or moving east. My husband and I seen our last sighting on Oct 31, 2013 @ 6:30pm a white light moving in the south towards South Mountains. Ive lived here all my life born and raised. Im telling you something is up there and not all are our military testing. Why would they test right over the city?? no way...this is real. I hope more people from Phoenix come forward these sightings are increasing. We think we might be living on a highway of some sort and this is why AZ sees so much. I swear my statement is true.
