{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-03 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487517","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72144","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3431,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/517/mufon-5487517.json","updb_database_id":5487517}
Object spotted over Cha Am Thailand. At least three seeking flights hovering over Cha Am after the incident.

Hello.

Sorry for my english since I'm from Norway. 

I am a Norwegian that has been staying in Thailand for a while. I am 33 years old.

Tonight I witnessed something strange in the sky where i live in Cha Am. I was out driving on my motorbike with my wife. When I was going to make a right turn going into the village where we live I noticed something in the sky up to the left. 

It was a light. I was driving so I had I had to slow down to figure out what it was. When I slowed down and looked at it I saw a flying object and it took off in very high speed going out in the sea. I coul see it gain speed then just vanish.

The object was a light and it happened so fast to describe how it looked like, but how it was hovering with no sound and how it took off was the most unbeleivable thing.

When i first saw the object it immediatley cought my attention cause i havent seen anything like it before. hard to explain. just got the feeling. and its strange cause i just felt like looking up to the left for som reason. As if something inside me wanted me to see it. Cause It's not normal to look up and to the left when im focusing on taking a right turn.

It didnt last more then 4-5 seconds but I know what I saw. Im all shook up. I never seen anything like it. It was just like a movie and things I have seen on youtube. 

Now its rainging heavy here with thunder storms.

Also there has been many small flights hovering over Cha Am tonight. They have been going back and forth like they are looking for something. 
I have never seen any flights hovering over where I live as long as I have stayed here. And I been living here for 11 months now.

My wife did not see it and I havent said so much cause she just laugh it off.Maybe because she is Thai and its out of her beleif. I can't understand why my reaction was so slow to point the thing out so my wife also could see it. 

I was shocked after witnessing this. It is hard to describe when you actually witness something like that but I was pretty shaky yesterday. And I felt the urge to go outside for a walk and not stay inside. I spotted at least three small flights hovering over Cha Am where I live. 

I also had a wierd dream tonight.I'll try to describe it:
I was fixing some batteries on my telephone in the living room. My wife was in the shower. As I sat on my desk working on the phone I heard this clicking sound. Like a needle falling somewhere. Then I heard it on the front door window. Like something was clicking on the glass. As i turned my head and looked at the window there was a black shadow figure outside the window. Like a black force of something. I shouted to my wife in the shower and the next thing I remember I woke up.

Peter
