{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290517","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112862","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4022,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/517/mufon-5290517.json","updb_database_id":5290517}
Shapes like beings captured in photos not visible at the time - how do I send you the photos?

Wales – UK
12/11/20

Please do not use my name on any documents you use or store.

I am a 65 year old woman and retired from a Health Care job. 

I do not normally live in Wales but am staying with a sister during the Covid pandemic.

I have to admit that I do believe that aliens exist and once saw a small ufo in daylight and very close by. So close that I could see a “join” between the dome and the skirt. It was a shiny chrome colour, completely silent and had “drifted” up from a corn field in the valley, then drifted across the road and shot off at great acceleration straight up. Disappearing in the blink of an eye at about 200 ft. That was in Devon, UK in 1984.

A friend recommended a local country park as a good place for a walk and to take my sister’s dogs so my sister and I decided to visit the park on 12th November 2020. The day was dull and grey but not raining.

We decided to go to a small car park at one end of the park and I left my sister in the car while I walked her dogs. I didn’t notice anything unusual while I was there, except the two things I mention at the end.

During Covid my friends and family have developed a habit of sending photos to one another of things we have seen and places we go, just to give each other a bit of interest. When I had walked a short way on the path I saw a small pond and decided to walk a bit closer to it and take a couple of photos. I took one landscape and one portrait then turned back because the ground was so waterlogged that there was standing water around my boots. 

As I turned back I noticed that one of the dogs had already started back and was hiding by a large gorse bush. We went back to the car and I took just one more photo before we headed off to another part of the park with more tarmac for the dogs to walk.

When I got home and looked at the photos to send to my brother, I noticed the first was almost totally black but had one small bright area. I wondered what could have caused that and brightened the photo up. Then I saw a stick like “being” with light limbs and a darker body.  It seems very close to me and looking in my direction.

I wondered if this would show on the other photo but it didn’t. However I could see that the reflections on the pond didn’t look quite as I would think they would and decided to have a really good look at the whole photo.  I have recently seen some Youtubes about cloaking. Using zoom I found some “things” that do look like various beings. As I write this I know it sounds completely weird to even think it let alone say it, but this is what I found on the photos. I can’t explain it. The photos have not been altered in any way.  

The two additional things I would say are:

1 As I entered the country park I thought came strongly into my head “witches” and the atmosphere seemed “heavy”. Which is weird and I wonder now whether it was supposed to put me off entering the area.

2  As I drove into the car park there was a small pale coloured car with two people sitting in the front seat.  My thoughts here are a bit muddled, I can’t decide if I didn’t see it enter the car park or didn’t see it leave. Also the two people never moved, they may have been listening to music? People don’t normally sit staring straight ahead and not moving at all.
