{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-22 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509517","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48908","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4044,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/517/mufon-5509517.json","updb_database_id":5509517}
a glittering star like object tha changed to multiple shapes. near it was another object that looks like an alien floating in the sky.

i went to my evening run (20.00 pm) as usual on friday. as i started to run i noticed a strange "star" in the sky. it was hovering to low for a star or satellite , and it was glittering in blue and red. i ignored it and kept on running. i had a strange feeling like something is watching me from that "star". i thought that maybe it's a military baloon , but i know how these baloons looks like at night , and it wasn't anything i knew. i run for a hour or so and as i turned back and saw again that "star" it moved something like 60 feet from it's original location , so i knew it wasn't a star. when i got back home i took my sony nex6 camera and ascented to my porch. i saw that "star" hovering in the sky. i took some stills photos of the object and one video shot. i had a very strange feeling that night because the moon was full and it shined very brightly almost 90 degrees above me. after 15 minutes i went back home and the object was still in the same place. 
i didn't think about it again since last thursday 11 july 2013. i copied all the pictures in the sd card to my computer. and when i watched the "star" pictures i was very excited because they were very weird. first , in the video i could see another little "star" glittering near the big "star".
then , i saw in the stills photos that the object changed it's shape from round to some kind of lightning like line. and the little "star" also changed it's shape as well. the object changed again and again to a triangle and other stranged shapes. i first assumed that it was a problem with my camera , so i made shots at night from the same point and i didn't get that kind of strange changes in the shapes. when i continued analysing the photos i have noticed that the moon looks like a big odd flashlight with some green orb beside it. and most strange from all - in one of the photos, when i enlarged the "little star" it was in a shape of an alien as we know it from the movies. my wife saw it also and she became very frightened. it looked as if it is floating in the sky. i'm very confused about this sighting , and i don't really know what it was. i would like to share it with the world , and would like experts to see the photos to determine if it's earthly or some kind of an alien being. thank you for your support.
