{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-06-15 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468517","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92052","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2681,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/517/mufon-5468517.json","updb_database_id":5468517}
{cak} Taken as a child in ufo.

As a child of approx 8-9 years of age I was taken as a child and at the time I had thought it was a dream and for years after that until in all seriousness Google earth came out strange I know but here's what happened. I was in bed and I was awaken by what I thought was my grandmother who had recently passed away and her and I had a special bond. It wasn't her but I found myself standing next to what appeared to be a well dressed man. I remember the creased pants all white and brownish blonde hair and I cannot describe him except for that. I also remember controls like in front of me but no levers to move or anything like that no knobs and such. More then that I remember how I felt I wasn't scared I was more delighted if anything because I stood next to him and he let me look out through large windows and I new what he was showing me and that is where the google maps come into play. I was flying over houses and yards and I knew some of where we were it was like it was lit up looking through the glass but at the time I knew it was night. I felt like he just wanted to show me something and I stood right next to him and I remember feeling it was safe. I did ask him if I would be going home and I don't remember his voice at all but I somehow knew again that I would. Flying over the houses was like using google maps seeing all the houses but all I remember is residential looking at the tops of homes with some side like views and that night I remember someone covered me up. I asked my mother if she covered me up when I got up and she said no but I knew someone did and I have always kept this to myself and have scoured the internet for the years of 1970-1971 to see if their was any sightings near where I lived or even in my state and only found one in a county north of where I lived. I do actually remember it whatever it was they or he or it came through the wall right side of my window which faced the back of my home what I will always remember was though I wasn't scared which yes even I find strange and I'm sure they covered me back up.
