{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-02-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476464","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83774","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2368,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/464/mufon-5476464.json","updb_database_id":5476464}
Near Majoro Hotel, in the field SO of Nasca Lines. I saw two star-like objects passing, And two others followed, but one of them was carriyng a meteor

Witness: A farmer, a doctor (my sister) and a journalist (me).
I was near Majoro Hotel, Nasca, Southeast of Nasca Lines, looking the sky, because in Nasca I saw at least dozen of UFO's before. No surprise to see UFO1s in Nasca.
First I saw two star-like objects passing South/North one after the other, not so fast. I called my sister to see. She was 100m from me, talking with a farmer.
I called the UFO1s to land. And if it was like an answer, the first object projected two white and powerful beams, East and West. The lights seemed to reach all the horizon and was the same quality of light at all it1s length, no fading, as it was solid. Then the objects continued it1s path.
Moments after two similar objects passed in the same direction, but one of them was carrying a meteorite with a very brighty tail, orange, green and blue.
I believe they were protecting the Nasca Lines in order to avoid being impacted by the meteorite, changing it1s path. 
The day after I read about the meteorite of Cheliabinsk, so I believe it was part of a bigger rock.
I was happy to see these objects. My father had an interesting contact with aliens when he was 7 years old.
The objects disappeared as they passed to the North, straight and not fast, what surprised me, because other UFO1s I saw passed making sudden angles or making archs in all the horizon in fraction of second, incredible speeds.
I had no time to be ready to take pics. I only have a pic of other object in Ayacucho and other in Nasca, but I saw this in other day.
