{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-11 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491464","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68102","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4901,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/464/mufon-5491464.json","updb_database_id":5491464}
{cak} Starlike Dogfight..split up..dispersed

We had my father over Saturday afternoon to see our 7 week old and do some swimming. Later in the evening (after sunset) we decided to do some fireworks. We shot some off and then got back in the pool. The sky was clear, so my father and I were looking at stars and he was telling me a story about he and my mom following certain stars dating back to their high school years. I hopped out of the pool to grab another beverage and change the music. I was standing outside the pool facing my dad (he was in the pool facing me) and he stopped mid-sentence making a funny face and then said "Oh my God, look behind you!" I had a tree behind me, so I had to move 5-6 feet in order to see from his vantage point. I saw 2 orange starlike balls moving away from each other. We both stood staring, watching in disbelief as they continued to drift apart, and then suddenly they changed direction and headed the exact opposite directions. We followed each one until they slowly dimmed out/faded into the darkness. He then told me there was a third one and it wasn't moving anymore, "it just froze still"..

What my dad saw before I could get my eyes on that area of the sky:

My dad said while we were talking he looked up and saw the same two I eventually saw going round and round in a circle, almost as if they were chasing each other. He best described it: imagine there is a pencil turning end over end and on each end is one of the lights we saw. He said they were spinning/rotating/chasing each other and then a third one came out of nowhere and "broke them up", and they headed in opposite directions while the third one froze still in-line with a star and then never moved again.

I started viewing the ordeal right as they split up, thus I never saw the third one myself.

We were so excited and were pacing back and forth, laughing and popping off "Can you believe this!?", "OMG, I've never seen anything like this before!!", "What they heck was that!??".

I told him that I was no longer planning on going to bed (he was going to get up early and go to church with us the next morning), and now planned on staying up to see if they came back, because if I've never seen this before I would assume that night would be the best shot at seeing more. I ran in and told my wife and she sat up in bed and listened to our story, but she wasn't feeling well, so she told me to take pics and tell her about it in the AM lol. She was super tired from caring for our 7 week old, so I didn't give her a hard time and shwe went back to sleep, and my dad and I headed to the back yard to continue this crazy night in hopes of seeing more...
Sure enough a little over an hour went by as we both scanned the sky and I spotted another one heading SE, but this one wasn't orange like the others. It was more of a white glowing orb (still starlike), but would slowly fade/dim and then go back to the full glow, then a bright flash. When I first saw the flash I told my dad "Oh, maybe its a plane because of the beacon", but after studying it we discovered it was not "pulsating/flashing" on a regular pattern, and sometimes it wen 20-35 seconds before it would flash again. Also, keep in mind it continued to slowly fade/dim and then would pulse back full glow. Also, this object wasn't as high as the others.

It's kinda funny, I didn't know what to do with this info. I didn't want to tell anyone at work fearing they would think I was crazy or on some kind of drugs. I mean, what do people think when you tell them you saw a UFO?? I know I've heard swome pretty convincing stories, but also heard some that made me call bulls**t. I started searching the web for any reports from the night of 7/11 and wasn't finding anything in my area. I figured if I am looking to see if someone else saw it, I might as well throw our experience on a report in hopes that someone else in SW Austin will read mine and come forward. Oh, and the tipping point for me posting was this: After reading others reports the one thing I found in 90% of them that was present in ours: the phrase of the weekend for me and my dad: "I have never seen anything like this before!" over and over and over. If only I had a dollar for every time I've said that phrase since Saturday night!
