{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-17 23:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483464","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76426","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2553,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/464/mufon-5483464.json","updb_database_id":5483464}
{rjl} 7-8 Randomly flashing lights in loose formation moving across horizon, moved erratically.

At around 11:20 my girlfriend and i went outside of her house to smoke a cigarette. She lives in the country and we have a very clear vision of the sky with few obstructions and little light pollution. The lights immediately drew my eye. I pointed them out to her and we continued to observe the objects for around five minutes until they disappeared. At first i could see a few blinking lights over the horizon north-northwest of our location. More appeared, in total there were about seven or eight of them. They looked nothing like a plane, there were several planes out before during and after the event. The lights flashed with no apparent pattern and they moved in a non linear path. We could not see the objects except for when they were flashing as it was dark and so were they. The objects would sometimes stay in the same spot, and sometimes dark forwards AND backwards. Planes do not backtrack.. Their flight path was southbound, they disappeared over the tree line to the southwest of us. When all the objects were in our vision the distance between the first and last one spanned almost the entirety of our vision. As they moved south-southwest we lost sight of them in the trees, however the last two were still in our vision. we continued to observe them but instead of disappearing from our vision like the others over the trees, the last two just stopped blinking and we lost sight. We both felt mystified by this event as these objects didnt look like anything we had ever seen. these were not planes, their flight patters did not line up and also the lights didnt look like plane lights, they flashed randomly and the last two we saw turned off, something a plane wouldnt do. These objects moved too fast to be drones. They were miles away and covered one end of the horizon to the other in a matter of minutes. They were in and out of the cloud line.
