{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-02 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505547","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53302","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2867,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/547/mufon-5505547.json","updb_database_id":5505547}
{nd} Spotted an object hovering above the trees.

I am on a hunting lease approximately 12 miles SW of Comanche, TX on hwy 573. The area is located within an electronic gunnery range used by military aircraft from both Carswell and Dyess AFB; it is somewhat equidistant from both bases. In the past I have observed F-16, F-15, and B-1 aircraft in the area with the fighters ejecting flares as part of their evasive actions used in dog fighting. On the date of the sighting, the military aircraft had performed aerial maneuvers in the area for the first time in 3 months, due to the sequester. The aircraft ceased flying around 6:30PM that day. The sky was cloudless, no wind, and only a sliver of the moon shining. I had finished watching a DVD movie (Memphis Belle) which I have seen numerous times. The time was 9:45PM, when I stepped outside of my camper trailer, because I was hearing coyotes at a very close distance to our camp. I was looking directly west in the direction of the coyotes, when I noticed some strange, flashing lights above the treeline to the northwest. I watched for several minutes and could see the faint outline of a craft - it appeared to have a rectangular shaped box with curved edges on the top of the craft, the fuselage was cigar shaped. Blue lights about the size of a beach ball were on each side of the box and were randomly flashing and were not in unison. Whereas, the fuselage contained a row of 4 or 5 louvered, white lights across the bottom that "glimmered" as though shining off of water. The closest lake is 3.5 miles away and to the northeast from the camp. I decided to go inside and get my camera, however when I came back outside, the craft was gone. I heard no noise nor did I see the craft anywhere in the area - it had quietly disappeared. There was no other people in camp, and the house located directly north from our camp did not appear to have anyone at home - no lights in the house were on. 

I never experienced seeing a UFO, although our camp is approximately 40 miles west of the Dublin/Stephenville sighting in 2008. Also, I should point out that I am involved with bigfoot investigations and research. I have been doing field research for 12 years, so feel that I am an expert observer with attention to detail.
