{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-02 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487547","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72114","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3006,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/547/mufon-5487547.json","updb_database_id":5487547}
{dr}Saw three yellow lights in the distance, what appeared to be over a local grocery store at first, as I was on my way home

I was driving northbound on Route 130 heading home at around 10pm. As I got near to the off ramp for the Betsy Ross Bridge I noticed 3 yellow lights northwest of where I was in the shape of a triangle. At first I thought maybe someone had set off fireworks as the lights were brighter, more yellow and larger than I am used to seeing with the planes on their landing path to Philadelphia International. I then saw that the lights were not moving and were in the shape of an equilateral type triangle. I then started to see the lights move. They started to move towards each other, almost as if dancing. In the time it took me to look back at traffic and back up, they were moving into the shape of a right triangle, and continued to move into an isosceles triangle. By this point I had tried to set up my phone to see if it could record anything, which 
I believe it did. As I got closer to the local Shoprite I thought it was over, it was obvious it was further away to the north and west, maybe over the delaware river. A couple of seconds later the lights disappeared. At this point I wasn't feeling anything besides the normal sense of wonder at what I had seen. As I continued on to the rest of my short drive home I was pulling up to the jughandle to get to my street and I saw them again, further north and west. As I was waiting for the traffic light to turn green I started to feel uncomfortable. I wanted to get home and get someone else to see the lights so I didn't feel so crazy. After I pulled up to my house because of the trees around I could no longer see the lights, I could hear a helicopter though. I had to take a bag in the house and come back out for something, and when I stepped back out it was unnaturally calm in the area. I could't hear traffic from route 130 or anything. As I grabbed what I came out for I could see the lights moving south through the trees. I also started to hear what sounded like snapping branches and footsteps through the leaves on the ground. I was terrified by this point and got in my house as fast as I could. For the video, it was shot on an iPhone 6, and I think I got a shot of it around the 11 second mark, but I could be wrong
