{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-10 12:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282547","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120903","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2516,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/547/mufon-5282547.json","updb_database_id":5282547}
Orbs above Capitol dome

I took some photos while on a private tour. Photo with orbs I took after I heard a story of a president Lincoln ghost walking there. It could be a direct answer since I did believe in that story. I saw orbs just on the photo at home so I posted a link on my dropbox on the same day at some ufo site. But it was just a comment. No response. I have similar light in my teenage room in the Czech republic it looks similar to 3 orbs. Maybe it means I can bring some enlightenment to this event. I am an expert on spiritual life now and I can tell the word Spirit does not exist. But people with faith in it or another phenomenon can after not sleeping see illusions of senses. For example ghost of the president. If there is a need I can take a photo of my light at home. It could also mean for me that there is my room at home as my next destination since I had to voluntary go deport myself after divorce. I was leaving the USA right after my last trip to D.C. from Florida where I did live in Aventura. 

Other info I can bring. Abuse of word spirit in B-2 Spirit Bomber and NASA Mars rover Spirit could be one to blame. A mix of flying and space machine could be unwanted payback from the word Spirit and people you know to use this word so if someone helped spirit create self It could appear anywhere or anytime while doing own attempts to fly into own life. And spirit does not exist so the law of time and our reality does not apply to spiritual beings. But lets say the only way they would exist is to reside in someone's consiousness so live with someone the same life. Other than that there is no way they can exist. Let's say I am the only one who they live with now since I did walk the path of faith and search for the spirit after I did believe in the ghost of the president.
