{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-07-21 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458547","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102988","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2747,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/547/mufon-5458547.json","updb_database_id":5458547}
{tjd} Extremely bright starlike object, at an altitude of at least 20,000. It zigzagged and swirled, leaving a trail of light.

At the time, I was a skydiver at a small, uncontrolled airport in SE Michigan. As a skydiver, with a few flight hours as well, I'm well trained in judging altitude. It's an important skill for a skydiver to have. The day was done, the planes were tied down and people were hanging out together relaxing. It was about 10 pm or so, very clear with very little light pollution out in the country. Four or five of the twenty or so people there looked up and saw the object when I pointed up and said "what is that?" Of those, one said weather balloon, one said I don't know and just watched. The three of us who kept watching judged the altitude and marveled at the speed. The object zipped around incredibly fast, leaving a small trail of light behind it. Its path wasn't rational to us, it zigged and zagged and curlicued around heading generally west to northwest. I first saw it almost straight up at the zenith. I continued watching it until it disappeared after about five minutes. 
As this airport is uncontrolled, unmarked black helicopters have landed a few times at night. I only witnessed one, sometime after this event. 
The estimated size of approximately 57 meters (about 180 feet) is based on the altitude, the atmosphere and its apparent size from my viewpoint. My husband, who was an astronomy and physics professor and is now a NASA scientist, calculated this estimation. He also employed some of his grad student work that used weather balloons as an instrument platform to refine the estimate based on real world objects. Given the speed and directional changes at that altitude, as well as the size, I have to rule out airplanes, helicopters, balloons and back in 2001 drones were mostly military. Selfridge ANG is the nearest air base and about ninety miles away. I mentioned both the uap and the black helicopter to my dad, an FAA inspector, aircraft mechanic and pilot. He had no explanation for the uap and, as a dad concerned for my safety, asked me not not pursue information concerning the helicopter.
