{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519547","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37347","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2409,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/547/mufon-5519547.json","updb_database_id":5519547}
There are some cone shape objects in my picture.

Dear Mufon,

I live in Canada, Toronto, Ontario.
I had many compelling dreams, I experienced a few paranormal facts but nothing is to me so undeniable like this picture. I would like to get a conclusive answer from people like you.
It was a late evening at the beginning of the month of April, 2012, I went in my balcony and I saw the moon and two stars forming a triangle with the moon; it appeared the base of the triangle having the moon on the right side of the star, I called my husband to see the view, it looked to very romantic and I went to grab my daughter1s digital SANYO camera and I took two pictures. I am not so good with it. The sky was nice, clear, no clouds at all. The next days I looked at the moon again and appeared that the low I had many unusual dreams, I experienced paranormal facts but nothing exited me more than this.er star on the base of the triangle moved on the right side of the moon. I was amazed and took another picture. In mean time I took some pictures of some piece of furniture in my home and happened that I need to down load the pictures and I noticed in one of the moon1s picture that there are tree objects which we did not see with naked eyes. The objects do not appear to be plains. They appear in my picture to be closer than the moon; all tree objects have the same shape, I would say it is a con shape. I would like the MUFON to investigate and conclude about those objects. Now I am excited, impatient and I wish to get an answer to these objects in my picture. Are they really here? On the internet are so many pictures and videos but I have hard time to believe because there are many counterfeit. I will not send the picture; I would like you to get first in touch with me if you are interested to see the pictures.
