{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-19 15:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510593","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47803","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3024,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/593/mufon-5510593.json","updb_database_id":5510593}
{cak} Two-faced soda can with a corkscrew tail. Hovered over Columbus Park for +20 minutes. Observed through binoculars.

I was letting my dog into the backyard for his regular afternoon bathroom break. We walk two miles before lunch, and backyard at 1530. I live under a commercial approach path into John Wayne Airport with my fianc1e, and I often watch the planes fly overhead. Its reminiscent of my time spent in the military. As one such craft passed by I noticed a metallic flash at an altitude at least 500ft above the commercial craft. After a moments observation I realized the object had no trajectory. I sprinted back to my bedroom closet looking for my Pentax 24UCF Binoculars. Using the compass on my iPhone, set to True North, I noted the object at 3 degrees North. I also took note that it hovered above the eastern-most edge of Columbus Park. Through the binoculars I could clearly make out the distinct shape of a "soda can" cylinder. The shape appeared to be made of two different materials; one half was a highly reflective, metallic surface, and the other half a dull grey material (there were markings here I could not make out). I felt exhilarated and had to share. I yelled for my fianc1e to come and see the object, and she confirmed it with the naked eye.

Ten minutes passed as the binoculars went back and forth and then two black "balls" appeared at the objects base. It seemed to sprout a tail that corkscrewed with the objects rotation. When the tail finished growing, the balls disappeared. Another commercial plane passed between us and the object, blocking my view with the binoculars. Instead of being angry, I was jumping up and down at the reference for distance it gave me. I curse my luck for not having a working camera because it continued to rotate silently, its tail spinning like that of a kite. After another 10 minutes the object briefly shimmered a bluish silver, obscuring its outline for the first time, and moving north very slowly. The tail seemed to drop away from the object and vanish before the object itself shimmered once more and became transparent. I say transparent because it was still visible in the binoculars. My fianc1e could no longer see it, but in the binoculars it seemed obscured as if hidden behind a cloud that wasnt there. It continued north until out of sight.
