{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506593","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52168","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2870,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/593/mufon-5506593.json","updb_database_id":5506593}
{kt}silent square-shaped object flew overhead at great speed with no apparent sound.

1. I was at a new years party and had stepped outside into the back yard.

2. I was looking at the sky and noticed a fast-moving light out of the corner of my eye.

3. When I first noticed it, I thought it was a meteor because of how fast it was moving. But when I looked at it for another moment I realized that it was moving too slowly and regularly to be a meteor. 

4. It was crossing the sky pretty much directly overhead, and I was able to watch it for about 10-15 seconds before it went out of sight. It was moving at a regular velocity at an altitude of maybe 1-2 thousand feet or so. I would judge it at about the size of something like a learjet. It was a clear night and I had a view of probably 2/3s of the sky.

I knew it wasnt a plane immediately because there were no strobe lights nor the usual red/green port&starboard lights. Plus it was obviously moving way too fast to be a plane. If it was a plane, it must have been flying at full speed, which at that altitude would have been quite loud, I would think. Learjets are pretty fast as it is, and living in the city you see them fairly regularly flying at low altitudes (airport traffic patterns being at around 1000 feet) and this was moving noticeably faster than that.

It was square-shaped, with the corner pointing forward. It had two solid lights, one forward and one aft, that illuminated the bottom of the object like spotlights pointed toward each other. So the bottom of the object caught the light which made the square outline visible. It was dark-colored and from what I could tell, featureless.

5. My immediate thought was, "My God, its a UFO." I felt elated. The entire experience was shocking - Ive been one to watch planes in the sky from a young age, and the sight of this object was so abnormal that from the first glimpse of it out of the corner of my eye, I knew it was not a conventional aircraft. I excitedly reported it to the people I was with at the party and they were fairly dismissive (not unexpectedly), which didn't bother me much.

6. It went out of view behind some nearby trees.
