{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505593","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53251","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4491,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/593/mufon-5505593.json","updb_database_id":5505593}
{dr}three glowing orange objects flew over my house heading east one first two more ten minutes later

just after dark on january third i happened to look out my living room window and see what i initially thought was a plane on fire. I said to my wife "what the heck is that".  I have a big panoramic view from our house from denver skyline area to near colorado springs and mountains to the west. very clear skies. I went outside to look and saw an orange object headed towards me my wife stayed inside. appeared fairly low like you might see a light airplane fly. seemed to have a radiating glowing appearance that i originally mistook for flames. as it came closer I began to realize it was unlike anything i had ever seen. it did not appear to have lights per say but rather the entire object gave off light and seemed to have bars of light radiate out sort of like a cartoonish star. my wife described them as bright but they were actually dull orange. the radiatiing light is what gives the appearance of being bright but it was not bright. It is hard to describe. it was sort of like seeing an oncoming light in fog where it radiates out in the water vapor.  it appeared roughly round. no details visible but in recollection it at times looked sort of like a clear jelly fish with orange features. what i mean by that is that I do remember being able to see features in a way. not like a window or a plane like feature but rather uneven features within the light. again hard to describe. the object appeared to be going about the speed of a jet airplane. it traveled from the mountains to the west passing over my house in a minute or less. i ran out the east side of the house and it continued over the horizon. totally silent. my heart was racing it was an exciting experience. I went back in the house and declared "that was a ufo" we sat there talking about it and collecting ourselves etcetera. about ten minutes went by and we saw another one again through the window. this time we both raced outside. the one turned out to be two. fairly far apart traveling in parallel formation again coming from due west headed east. I grabbed my phone and took a picture. hard to do because it was dark and not much time. again these two objects went directly over head. looked exactly like the first. I can say with absolute certainty that these were not known aircraft. the most striking and odd features where the appearance and the complete silence. these went directly over head and continued on at fairly low altitude and it was absolutely silent. again our view offers a big sky line and soon after this event it seemed that there were planes everywhere. some coming from denver area some from colorado springs. some headed in roughly same direction as objects some did not. after this we wanted to see more and i had the sense that we would but we did not. I looked up the local news expecting it to be a big story as it was that blatant and clear but saw nothing on the news. the only things i could find was by typing in ufo news and there were similiar sightings in california a couple days before. I wasnt going to post anything but the complete lack of reports is disturbing so here it is. enclosed is a photo i took with my note phone. i took the photo on zoom and then zoomed in some more post photo to make more clear. im sure my hand was moving but thats what i have. I would have to say it is the most amazing thing i have seen. so far the few people i have shared it with have been insultingly dismissive about it.  it is interesting to be on the other side and see how people react. one final opinion of mine. it seemed given the altitude, time of day, size, and emitted light that what ever else is the case, they wanted to be seen. that is why i am submitting this.
