{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-11-13 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518593","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38504","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2589,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/593/mufon-5518593.json","updb_database_id":5518593}
Object with 3 lights changing from red, blue and green randomly hovering and then warp off into sky

It was winter and I was with my mom and dad at our grandparents house.
It was already dark outside and I was staring out the window, watching the fields behind their home and the city lights on the horizon.

All of a sudden I saw an object hovering behind one of neighbours' trees. 

The tree is approximately 4 meters (about 12 feet I guess) away from the window and about 4-5 meters high (ca. 12-15 feet), but the object appeared much farther away (The object seemed to be about 300-500 meters away). Still the object was at tree level, so must have been hovering pretty close the ground.

At first I only saw three lights, positioned in a triangle shape. They were red, blue and green and they changed colours in a random way, but there were never two lights which had the same colour at any given time. 

So at first I thought it was the reflection of something in the house (like those small 'party lights' you can buy at the kids store), but when I looked behind me I couldn't see anything projecting such lights.

I looked outside again and I couldn't really figure out the shape of the object, but because we live in an area that has a lot of light pollution (which makes the sky look brighter), I could now at least tell that it was an object and not just lights, because I saw a silhouet that appeared darker than the nightsky.

It hovered a little longer and all of a sudden it flew away at an amazingly fast speed, right into the sky and disappeared.

I the whole event took about 2-3 minutes.

I was kind of intrigued at first and kept staring outside to see if I could spot it again. When I couldn't find it, I asked my family, who were standing a bit further away, if they saw it too, but they didn't...

I didn't really bring it up ever again, but besides from the exact date (because it has been 7 years) I remember the experience quite vividly, which I find a bit strange.
