{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-07-01 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459593","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101913","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3803,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/593/mufon-5459593.json","updb_database_id":5459593}
{jpg} Green flying saucer then green ball

While watching meteors in Boy Scouts,I spent the night outside my tent on a cot.I observed a green meteor like flash.Then I saw a bright lime green ball around 5-6 miles directly over me.The ball started descending to around several thousand feet and grew larger.about the size of a quarter.Then it disappeared.A few seconds later a disc shaped object slowly went from transparent till it was solid,I knew is started transparen and shimmered since I could see stars through it for about 10 seconds,then it was a solid green clockwise spinning disc.It had no sound and several long thin windows from which a green glow emitted.In the center was a counter rotating dark cylinder.At this time it appeared about 20 feet up and was still quiet.I noticed the moon was around 15-20 degrees above the horizon to the left of it .At this point my mind went blank and I became unconscious.Later as I woke up it was still above me 20 feet up.still rotating clockwise with center dark axle spinning ng counter clockwise .After a few seconds it started spinning faster. As it spun faster it made a low pitched electronic sounding whine that got louder I
As it sped up . The dark counter rotating spindle suddenly projected out below the craft abou 10 to 15 feet.It was spinning very fast. This seemed to cause the whole disc to rotate over and over .As the disc rotated like a flipped penny it got faster and louder and seemed to decrease its size from about 100 feet wide to about 30 feet wide and became a brighter ball of green light.Then it shot straight up in the sky to where it was the size of a quarter again.There it did a 4 points of the compass maneuver seeming to orient itself.After returning to the center of this maneuver it shot off towards the east towards Dallas so fast it left a green tracer path in the sky.I did not feel afraid only amazed . I turned towards my friend Richard in the cot next to me and said did you see what I just did?He said no and I am not telling anyone.So we laid ther a while and we’re not too concerned.Then about 10 minutes later around 20 tp 25 large single and double bladed helicopters came over us from the direction of Carswell base . They had search lights on and were clearly looking for something.We figured they saw the saucer also,then we got a little scared.The shone their lights on us briefly then departed towards the way it left. I told myself and still do today that God sent the Angels to check on me. Anyway I still have a strange burn mark on my lateral right calf that was not there before . I was about 11-12 years old at this time. Also I experienced a lot of strange warts down my left side.legs and left forearm that dermatologists could not diagnose. They went away but I still have the burn scar. I am 61 years old and just wanted this encounter to be on your official record . Also I am. Still curious about the missing time,The way the disc spun when it left and the military involvement. I would be willing to be interviewed and or hypnotically regressed and poly graphed if need. Thank you for your time. Sincerely [name moved to FI Section/CMS/jph] 7-11-2019.This occurred around 1970 summertime.

,
