{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499593","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59543","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3971,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/593/mufon-5499593.json","updb_database_id":5499593}
{dr}craft followed me home then saw 3 craft moved west one returned huge with large panel of lights fucused on me

THE TRUTH!!!!! I have had an Ongoing relationship with different type of craft visitation. AND CAN POSITIVELY IDENTIFY 3 DIFFERENT TYPES OF CRAFT and their stranger than you thought but ultimately peaceful agenda. I have had atleast 4 significant visits first in 1967? a craft never described before in shape and way of movement, 2nd 1980 sighting(with witness)strange craft with light panel on pivoting arms that move from facing the panel forward to downward. 3rd 1982 visit(this visit is connected with having found a short while before amazing physical natural phenomena communication in physical form I have photos of this phenomena and the phenomena exists and can be viewed today(3crafts this time hovering after following me home with light emiting from their cockpits but no visible occupants inside and then they moved off slowly west with one or another returning 25 or 30 min.s later(same pivoting panel of lights) witnessed by passing car that abruptly slowed down because it to saw the craft too. 4th visit 1992 or 93 early nov.( another disc craft sighted with 1 other witness who before the sighting stated twice "I wonder if she's got an engine for my space ship?" after coming out of a narcoleptic(sleep disorder) trance the disc shaped underside lit up with blue flame in a circle just like a on a gas range stove from the bottom. then the whole bottom of craft glowed blue and craft trimmed to n.e.upward direction and shot off like a shooting star. the next day or 2 after a Detroit t.v.news caster said Russia released report today about a saucer craft landing in a park featuring alien and a robot seen on a ramp from the craft. after 40 years of research and study of the phenomena and other E.T. history I have identified what They are and what Their Angelic agenda is. This Is no lie please get off your duffs and take me seriously!!!!! I NOW have found MORE new Phenomena IT IS ABSOLUTLY AMAZING !!!! and it is again proof of contact!!!!!!! It Is the highest caliber of encounter and intervention that will ever be known to modern man. I have contacted seti, nassa jet propulsion lab, Mi and Canadian mufon, churches and more and I am disgusted with this country and the gov. coverups and I'm sick of being treated like s**t and ignored for my hard work in religious and scientific research pertaining to E.T.s all these posers are run away trains with know real focus and are destined to be shamed THE EYE OF RA IS WELL !!!!!Roswell Full Eyeing saw us Hers.   The E.T.s Are indeed Gods and peaceful monitoring Angels they prefer to just study us evolving children but now because the Earth and Gods other Life is in dire danger due to pollution over population and extremely pore leadership in nearly all fields You are going to get a biblical type of intervention SORRY its for your own good so you don't totally disgrace your selfs in front of the LAND LORDS any more than you already have and so we as an EARTH FAMILY can better preserve a healthy future for humans and all the other now dearer to God Life forms than us the decadent destructive ignorant humans who are suffering as well.  We/They/Us come in Peace  I have Proof of Contact if someone assists me the world will soon know more than they did and be and live smarter for it
