{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469593","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90929","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3175,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/593/mufon-5469593.json","updb_database_id":5469593}
{rjl} Four bright objects observed, perfect circle, no noise, smaller green one light to ground

My wife, her son, daughter in law and grandson were eastbound on Jones Mill Road very near our home. They observed three very large brightly glowing objects moving over the road about a quarter mile from our subdivision. Two were white and one smaller one was green. The green light shot what appeared to be a green beam towards the ground. That beam actually separated from its' body. They were moving slowly, there was no noise or propulsion exhaust observed. They followed the lights for about a half a mile when they disappeared over the trees. When her son turned his vehicle around to head back to our house another green light (perhaps the same one originally observed) was observed again out of the front window of his vehicle. Then it also once again disappeared over the treeline. 

They did not know what the objects were but gave attention to them initially because the lights were not that far from the end of the Smyrna Airport runway. We live right there and see a lot of civilian and military craft come and go. This was like nothing ever observed before. The objects traveled in a straight line from Northwest to southeast and disappeared over the treeline. My wife's son drove all the way out to the Poole Knobs ramp to see if they could see them again but they were gone ( about 3 miles distance). When they came back to our home they were highly excited. My wife and I left the house and went back out all the way to the ramp but saw nothing. 

I am filing this report for her because she is still in a highly excited state as were all the passengers. There is an odd coincidence attached to this event that may seem to discredit the report in it's entirety, but feel I should share it so it will not be a surprise to anyone who may be assigned to review the report. I am a novelist, two published and one about to launch this week. My next project for which i have been doing extensive research over the last several days has the UFO phenomena at its core. I've just finished reviewing hours and hours of interviews on this and related subjects so when the group came in I first thought it was a joke then realized it wasn't and it was a pretty darn odd coincidence indeed. 

Hope this is helpful. If you would like to speak with my wife or any of the occupants of the vehicle, we'd be happy to cooperate. This is our first ever report except that as a young boy I had a visual experience along with some school mates (back in the 60's). Thank you for your time.
