{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-01-02 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451593","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110053","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3728,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/593/mufon-5451593.json","updb_database_id":5451593}
Hovering then abruptly zipping away

This experience is very real to me and I have no doubts of what I saw. It’s still clear to me in my mind, the thoughts and experiences of that night. I was with my boyfriend, at that time and agreed to go with him to visit his friend, who I wasn’t Very familiar With, who was having some people over, who I didn’t know at all. It was the last Saturday of Christmas break, before going back to school in our senior year. These dates I have remembered with total clarity for 38 years. I feel like I was almost ‘called‘ to leave the gathering shortly after arriving, and come outside, consequently, to see the craft, as I was not interested or entertained by the event we were attending. I felt compelled to leave when I did. Almost as if I knew I had something more important to do and felt it impossible to connect with any of the people there. So, I went to my car and started it, and I just pulled out of my parking spot about 15 feet when I noticed the bright lights in the upper left-hand corner of my windshield. The energy, excitement hit me and I clearly remembering doing some self-talk to calm myself through my responses. It is a dark and quiet street, there are no other cars around me to create reflections, but since I wear glasses and so reflections would be possibility, I immediately stopped my car and turned my head slowly from side to side to see if any thing in my field of vision moved or created added light refractions. Nothing did. The hovering UFO lights stayed very stationary, except for a slight subtle circular hovering movement. I was excited, shocked, and amazed! Also so, at the fact that it seemed to allow me the time to check my surroundings and light/reflection sources. That and the brightness of lights, was completely and very obviously different than any aircraft I knew of. At that time I felt I was in awe of being in the presence of something I knew wasn’t from here.. The light seems to have had a red shadow like presence and there seemed to be a second one obscured slightly by the first... But it could have been a light/heat emission or projection also. The encounter ended at approximately a 1-2 minute period of time when it zipped away at a really fast rate of speed into the North East sky, over Waterloo. Even as a young person and being excited and a little scared, I remember being sad when it was over and just sitting there staring at the sky and wondering how I was going to process the experience and deal with it. And mostly knowing I would probably not be able to tell anyone, although I know I would want to. I ultimately ended up telling my boyfriend the next day, because, I decided, he was a like-minded person, would be the only, and most likely to take me seriously, and I felt fairly comfortable about telling him. For probably 15 years I don’t think I told anyone else. In the past 20 years, with more programs, documentaries, people being comfortable talking about their experiences, belief in, and Curiosity about extraterrestrial life, I’ve finally been able to tell this story without worry of ridicule. Thanks MUFON!
