{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-08-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518151","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39346","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5253,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/151/mufon-5518151.json","updb_database_id":5518151}
Long ago bright white lighted object with row of 3 round color lights middle hovering over our yard 80 away tree top level.

This happened a long time ago. I never reported it officially before but wanted to before I get too old or arent around anymore. The time was a weekday night 1st/ 2nd week August 1969, the place, the extreme NW suburban corner of Detroit MI. I was 8. It was the summer before I started 3rd grade. 
I woke 3-5am to find my room lit by a soft glow. The window shades were drawn as usual, the room should have been quite dark there being only a small night light. The light was coming around the borders of the shade from the rooms larger window that faced due west and looked out over our backyard. Upon lifting the shade and looking out I saw the object.
It was intensely lighted with bright white light all over it. Its outlines could not be exactly made out due to the intense light against the black sky but it seemed to be round perhaps hexagonal. It was close, about 80 ft. from me, about 50-90 ft. off the ground and about 20 ft. in diameter. *When I was 8 at the time I didn't know how to calculate such distance/size, but we lived in the same house a long time and I had the same room, so as I got older it was easy for me to reconstruct its size, distance, height from the same tree line, phone poles and place in the sky where I saw it from that same window (in fact the experience made me a life long careful observer always noting time/ distance/ size etc.)
It was hovering and unmoving. As I looked studying it I noticed that it did not hurt your eyes despite the intense light and that there were pink hues mixed in with the white. The most notable feature beside the overall bright white light was 3 large round lights in the primary colors equally spaced in a horizontal row in what seemed to be the objects middle. I know there was red and blue and I think yellow. These lights blinked fairly slowly on and off individually. Each of these lights was one of the 3 colors but not always the same color (for example the one that had been red, when it blinked back on might be blue, and the one that had been blue then blink on red). As a little kid I thought it the most amazing thing and fun to watch. There was also a barely noticeable narrow band of rotating lights in sequence, near the objects presumed bottom. These were white lights followed by dark gaps. 
The object made no sound I heard.
As an 8 year old I was thrilled and excited and knew it must be a spaceship and since it didn't seem to be going anywhere (at this time Id calculate later Id been watching it 4-5 minutes) that it must be landing and in my backyard! This made me even more thrilled and excited (little kid logic). The thing was...what to do?
Being out of bed so late (Id never been out of bed that late before) was a really major offence in our house, and if I woke my parents and by the time they looked, it was gone, Id really get killed. Sneaking all through the house unlocking the doors and going out in the backyard by myself was out of the question. I thought of telling my sister and went to her but she was fast asleep and was always stealing my stuff anyway, and this was my discovery. So, with little kid logic I determined that the only thing to do was wait till daylight which I knew couldnt be too far off. 
I went back to bed and tried to wait, I kept opening my eyes to check if the object was still there (from the glow in the room), it was. Finally I forced myself to keep my eyes closed and not look anymore to make the waiting easier. The whole experience had probably been about 10 minutes. Eventually I feel asleep.
In the morning of course, there was no spaceship, no one else had seen/ heard anything and had all been asleep, as I knew, and no one believed me! I scoured the backyard for signs of my discovery and of course as an 8 year old found nothing. I told all my kid friends all that summers day and by evening they were making a joke of it. My parents got sick of the story. My mom tried to convince me it was a dream or something I ate and I called my parents stupid and slammed my door on them which got me a whack from my Dad.
A couple of months later in Oct. 1969 then in 3rd Grade we were to write about something exciting that happened to us over the summer and I wrote all about what Id seen that night and drew a picture. The teacher said it was a good story but we were supposed to right about something real. I talked back to her and said it was real and she told my mom I had quite the imagination.
I always saved that 3rd Grade paper because it was the only proof I had that it happened at all.
