{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-08-15 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548151","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"12142","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4588,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/151/mufon-5548151.json","updb_database_id":5548151}
White orb lights, red/orange fiery bell orbs, boomerang low flying craft off the I 80/90 Tollway

I was a passenger driving in a typical family van with the big slider door window next to me heading East bound on the Indiana 80/90Tollway from Illinois Tristate 294 to a small town in Michigan not far from the Indiana border. At first I noticed a small white light the size of a beach ball off in the distance low near a water tower. I kept watching it and thought it may be a helicopter or some sort of pole light. I kept wathcing it and it was moving slowly very low. I saw no sudden movements, Faa lights, markings, windows, structure. As we got closer to the light I saw it was even with us in the vehicle and I saw the light just slowly move in front of this water tower not far from the tollbooths. As I watched it slowly just disappeared. I did not think more of it. Then as we drove and a few several minutes passed I saw a white light low to the ground in the field next to me. I then saw this light move to the tree. Again, this object was so low to the ground I could not be an aircraft. Again there was no FAA lights, markings, structure, noise. I watched and the light just disappeared again. Then we were driving through alot of trees as we got out of the heavy trees I saw the full moon with a white light right in front of it on an angle very close to the ground. This light almost looked like it was suntanning itself in front of the moon. Both were the same bright white color. Please note there also was a planet(venus?) to the right of the moon throughout this whole drive and was basically the same color. But it never moved because it was a planet. This light was a pure pearl white and It was not an advertising light. This time I took pictures with my digital camera of what I could in this moving van. Then several minutes later I saw what I can only describe as a bright almost firey orange/red orb that kind of looked bell shaped moving slowly out of nowhere over on the side of the road. I watched and waited for flashing FAA lights, noise, structure, sudden movements. Again nothing happened except that this light just slowly hovered and went down into the side of the road tree lines. Again, I took a picture with my digital camera. Then we we somewhere near South Bend or Mishwaka, Mile Marker 77 or so. Whatever this area it is very residential and commerical. When I looked over the rooftops of the houses from the road I saw what I can only saw what looked like a huge boomerang or triangle type craft hovering right over the rooftops. It seemed to have some sort of tubular metallic structure with several lights of red, green, blue, yellow, orange. This craft was not whole like a commercial airplane, it seemed to be in parts almost like a kids jungle gym. When I saw this I freaked out because it was so low and our car was almost above it on the Tollway. It was also so close to us that it thought this cant be unless this plane was crashing. In my mind I think this and then there is another smaller craft next to it about half the size. Again, this was too close for another plane to be probably 500 feet and low over the rooftops.It had a similar structure with lights as well. No noise, no flashers, blinkers, windows, markings.I don't remember if I got pictures of this because it happened so suddenly. Then as we drove again I saw a firey orange/red bell shaped orb start out of nowhere over from the other side of the road from the traffic on the other side. This orb slowly made its way to my side of the road and then slowly continued to move towards us. Then it slowly started to discend into the trees at about Mile Marker 85. Please note pictures were taken by me. The family is used to me taking picture anywhere and anytime so not alot of fuss was made about it. Also because we had a handicapped child with us on this trip and could not bring the real attention to the matter except to one other family member who confided in me seeing something as well.
