{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496151","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63258","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5303,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/151/mufon-5496151.json","updb_database_id":5496151}
{nd} the lights are what caught my eye, 2 each, the top light was brighter and rainbowish. the best is the burst of green light which was visible for 2-3 sec. oh and an orb too

On February 03, 2015, i was picking up a 5th wheel camper trailer that was in a subdivision approx. 5 miles north of town . While wandering around some junk, sipping on a beer(which i soon spilled all over myself in the commotion) letting the new camper owner dig out the flat in the frozen ground, i noticed a bright surging light in a spot where there is no beacons or such in the sky. The light was staying in the same place and appeared to be dimming a bit. It looked like a heavy aircraft with all its lights and headed right toward us. There is an airport on that side of town. By this time i am freaking out telling my buddy to look. Well, it just so happened, that the campers' owner had a nice 30X spotting scope with a tripod which he quickly set up and got the light focused in. A quick look at the time, 6:00pm sharp. So, as its killing me to look thru the scope, i encouraged him to set the scope well and get a good look. Seeing that i did not know the particulars of it. Never taking my eyes off of the light in sky, it was finally my turn to look. Once my eye adjusted and i quit wiggling, the lights, were awesome to say the least. Quick side note, a few seconds into viewing an orb flew behind the lights. It moved west to east leaving a small trail which disappeared quickly. The orb only appeared for less than a second. Its fair to say the orb was moving at a high rate of speed. And no other orbs were seen that evening. The lights located in the middle of the craft were mainly white in the middle and had a rainbow of colors on the top and bottom of the light assembly. There were 2 lights which appeared an inch or so apart in the scope. These lights were arranged in a vertical fashion. However, while viewing the lights with the naked eye, there only appeared to be one light. The lower light was only a quarter of the brightness of the upper light. The craft had structure!! While the lights were surging and appeared to be at there brightest, you could actually see dark structure between the lights. The lower light appeared dimmer, but i think its because there was structure in the way. But, that's it, no definable edges or shapes, almost seemed like a blob with some crazy lights. The weather at the time was approx. 40 degrees F, wind gusts to 15mph i would say and the sky conditions were as follows, typical fading bright blue sky but there was this system of dark clouds moving in from the east moving west. There was also a full moon coming up and really illuminated the back side of the clouds moving in. To my best guess i would say the craft to have been 15-20 miles away. By this time its getting dark enough to get the camper down the road do to the lights half ass working and questionable tires. This is the cool part! I got the camper pulled out of the spot it was in and then into a more level spot and turned the truck off. We walked back down to pick up tools and such,as we watched for the light as much as possible. We got everything picked up and, as i was walking back up to my truck looking back as much as possible. The camper owner is fumbling around looking for his keys so i am walking kinda slow waiting to see if he finds them, when, all of the sudden, just as i happened to be looking at the craft, a bright green light appeared above the craft like a door opening, and then light appeared. The light could have even been projected. Just as fast as the light appeared, it disappeared. For only about 3 seconds. I kept waiting for something to happen, but nothing did. The rainbow lights just kept doing there surging thing. So, I watched the light on the way back to town and the only thing that changed was that the clouds were moving ever closer to covering the light. Well, by the time i got home, the clouds had covered all of the light. When i first discovered the light, i called my girlfriend and told her to go outside and look. She also found the light in the sky. She watched it for a little bit and claims the light moved slowly up and down. i could not see that movement where i was at. Since i have seen the light i have been asking everyone i know and two other people besides us three seen the light. My credentials for giving an accurate testimony is that i received my A&P certificate in 1993. I ate and breathed aviation for 15 yrs of my life as a mechanic and flight mechanic and feel i have a pretty good handle on things that fly in the sky. I'm not quite sure what kind of craft it was but i defiantly seen my first UFO!!!

[Item Moved/CMS/nd]
CodyWyoming
