{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-12 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500151","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58962","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3619,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/151/mufon-5500151.json","updb_database_id":5500151}
{cak} Triangle or stingray shaped object three spheres at each corner. The spheres had red lights that blinked on and off and then they turned white at one point. There were smaller white lights that flashed in a sequence along the side of the craft.

My husband and I were in our front yard watching the Persieds meteor shower between 10:00 and 10:30 p.m. on Tuesday, August 12, 2014. We had a pair of binoculars with us to see the stars better. I walked inside the house for a moment when I heard my husband yelling my name in an urgent manner so I ran back outside and he was looking up at the sky in Northwest direction. I looked up and saw a red light low in the sky, moving slowly from North to South directly over a house about 4 houses down. As it came into my view, a second light was directly behind it. The distance between the two lights was about four times the distance of the length of a helicopter. As I watched, a third red light came on next to the second red light making a shape of a triangle. 
  The first thing I noticed was there was how huge the object was. I had never seen anything even close to this size; it was enormous. I also noticed there was no sound at all. The object was extremely low so it was odd that it was completely silent. As soon as I realized this was no ordinary object, I called for my son who also came running outside and witnessed this as well. I had the binoculars at the time so I watched the object through the binoculars for the remainder of the sighting. 
  I could see that the three lights were large red spheres on the bottom of the craft and there were much smaller rectangular white lights along the side of the craft that flashed on in a sequence. As I watched through the binoculars all three red lights stayed on at once for a short time and then one of them turned off but I could still see the sphere, it was dark grey or black. All of a sudden all of the spheres turned white at the same time for a couple seconds and then two of the lights turned off while only one white light remained. I could still see the spheres with the binoculars, but when I looked at the object without the binoculars I could only see the white light. At this point the object appeared to be an ordinary aircraft with my naked eyes. We continued to watch the object for a few minutes until it was too far to see anymore. We looked down our road and noticed there were other people outside, so my husband walked down there and spoke to them. One of them had said she saw the object as well. 
  This experience was very exciting, so my husband and I have been going out to watch the skies each night since this experience. I made sure to have a camera nearby, just in case we see it again. Last night around the same time some odd lights flew directly overhead very low. They looked like they could have been from a huge airplane, but they made no sound at all. I got these lights on video.
