{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-10 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524151","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31739","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6680,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/151/mufon-5524151.json","updb_database_id":5524151}
Moving star-like object with control

While driving home at approximately 9:00PM on Saturday 9/10/11 on State Route 86 (Easy Street) from Saranac Lake New York toward route 30, my partner and I were having a conversation, a pretty in depth conversation. While she was in mid sentence she said "what are those lights". Dismissive I tried to look to see what she was talking about (and still drive at the same time at 55mph) but did not notice anything and told her that it was a plane. My partner was insistent that what she was seeing was no plane or planes but bright, moving, and color changing objects. She then told me to pull over. We pulled over into an area that use to be farmland and was now being turned into a housing development (no houses built) located near Paul Smith's New York on State Route 86 (Easy Street). I kept the car running thinking we were going to be seeing nothing out of the ordinary when we took a closer look, and I asked her what she had saw? She told me she saw three bright objects, changing color, with movement. The objects (which i thought were stars) were very easy to notice as there was not a cloud in the sky and the moon was unusually bright.

I evaluated the brightest object that was located to my right and was assuming it to be a planet. I did not witness any of the color changes that she was witnessing for that object. I then looked for the second object that she had seen, in the middle, but was no longer there. I then turned my attention to the third object that was more star-like and had significant changes in color. Thinking it was just the light passing through our atmosphere to produce the "twinkle" that I see with stars, we continued to watch. The object then, slowly, started to move to the left across the sky (approximately moving two inches or more). The object then quickly returned to the point of origin and stood still, but showing dramatic color changes from white, red, orange, blue, green, gold (not so much yellow). The colors did not blend together, they were distinctly and independently visible. Thinking it was an issue with light passing through my windshield, I turned the car off and went outside. I continued to see the object move from its point of origin, slowly, to the left, then quickly to the right. Thinking I was moving, I propped myself up against the car and found a stationary reference point (2) one being a pair of foot-hill mountains with a valley between, and the second being a stationary star that was slightly lower and to the objects left. 

Using these two points I continued to watch the object move in this same pattern; however, unexpectedly the object made a dramatic move (of what seemed like a change of altitude) then rush quickly to the right, and rise back to original point of origin. At this time I used my phone to Google "moving star" and "reporting UFO in New York", and it brought me to the MUFON webpage and two phone numbers for New York. I got back into the car and called the first number and woman answered (i felt horrible because of the time of night) I asked if this was the number for MUFON and she quickly put me on the phone with the MUFON representative. 

My partner and I began to explain what it was we were seeing, provided him with basic location and direction (to the best of our ability). We had been told that the first, brightest object might be a star named Spika or Pika(spelling) which is the brightest star in the sky. The object to our left was now our main area of concern. The object was much higher than the brightest object (now known to be a star). I explained all the information that I had written above, and he asked me to approximate the degree of elevation (i was not able to do this very well). He asked me if the object was star-like, which I confirmed it was. He asked me about the approximate size and I stated that it looked smaller than an aspirin, i stated that it was; however, after the incident I can say that was approximately the size of a low dose aspirin. He then asked me to use my thumb as a tool of measurement. The object was staying true to its area of motion and went past was I would approximate four thumbs to the left, and shot back quickly to the right. As we continued to talk, the object would move left, shift right quickly, begin its color change, and start over again. During the incident, we did notice the traditional blinking lights of a plane that would fly near the object; however, distance was very hard to determine. My partner described the object as being like a kite (in terms of its movement) meaning that it was moving but yet looked like as if it were attached to a string. This steady state of movement took a sudden change and began to almost move in a circular pattern, but taking very sharp turns. After taking the up the gentleman's time for about 20 minutes (or more) he asked us if we could make a report on the MUFON page. I agreed and ended our phone call.

My partner and I continued to watch the object for an additional 10-15 minutes, and as we were about to leave, the object seemed to change its movement cycle again and do more of a "figure eight" type pattern. My partner became emotionally uncomfortable and we left the location.

Opinion-

I do not think this is an object of any origin outside of our own means. We do have military aircraft that occasionally fly over our area, but never like this. I also vaguely remember a news article which stated that the military was using the Adirondack region to practice controlling UAVs. 

I dismissed the object's potential as being a satellite as I see them nearly every night from my back yard.

There could be a possibility that it is some sort of law enforcement aircraft trying to find unusual ground temperature which could indicate someone attempting to grow marijuana. 

What I cannot potentially explain is the speed and acceleration. I think the acceleration is more unexplainable, plus the acceleration with change in what I think was altitude and then direction.

We are stumped.
