{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-01-01 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528151","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27439","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5013,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/151/mufon-5528151.json","updb_database_id":5528151}
Triangular UFO

probably should've reported this a long time ago, but it never occurred to
me to do so. Better late than never (I hope).

Time: It was around 1989-1990, so I was about 13 or 14. It was around 4:30
or 5:00 am.

Place: Just outside of Cottage Grove, Oregon (right next door to the Delight
Valley elementary school). 

Basic background info: Mom was a single parent, & to make ends meet she had
a rural paper route. I was "lucky" enough to get to help before school.
She'd drive, pull up to the boxes, & I'd stuff the papers in the boxes. So
that's why we were both out there so early in the morning. 

We had stopped to get some more paper-bundles from the back of the truck. In
front of us, against the night sky we saw 3 lights in an
equilateral-triangular pattern. The thing just hovered in the sky. There was
no sound. After a few moments (a minute, perhaps) it went from "not moving"
to "moving blindingly fast" and zig-zagging in an apparently random
pattern....then it would stop, & stop instantly. 

After the "zig-zagging", it zoomed away. At the instant it disappeared, I
saw a bright flash that filled up the entire sky for a fraction of a second.
This next part is very difficult to describe, but I'll try my best....

At the instant it disappeared, during the moment it flashed, the flash was
accompanied by something I can only describe the following way:

Y'know how in the opening credits of Star Trek: the Next Generation, the
Enterprise zips into "warp drive", & at the instant it does there's that
diamond-shaped flash? It was kind of like that, except the flash wasn't
diamond-shaped. It was sort of like a tangled-web of lightning-bolts (the apparent size of my hand at arms-length), but only visible for the tiniest fraction of a second. I'm not sure if this was
a real effect of the object, or if it was some kind of effect the flash had on my eyes, like when someone turns on a light when you're not ready for it, & you have that afterimage in your vision for a moment...I only saw the "lightning effect" for the briefest of moments, & there was no afterimage so it was probably real, but I'm not sure. My mother didn't notice the "lightning effect", or if she did, she doesn't remember. 

After the "big flash" it was gone....for a minute or two. Then we saw it (or
was it another, separate object of the same kind?) drift over the hills to
our left. Then it drifted back over the hills & was gone. 

Here's where the plot thickens:

Mom & I have talked about this many times & she would occasionally reference
the metallic appearance of the thing. I never understood how she could
discern the appearance of the surface because even though it was close, it
was still far enough away that all I could see was 3 lights in a triangle
pattern. I would tell her this. She would always respond with, "But it was
RIGHT OVER US!". I would think, "Ummm.....nooo....it was off in the distance
in front of us just above the hills". It turns out that, at some point Mom
looked out of her window & looked up...and it was directly over the truck.
She said it was "maybe 2 or 3 tree-lengths" above us, & so big she couldn't
see the sky. That's when she started the truck & drove off (fast!). I don't
remember this happening...probably because this thing could travel huge
distances virtually instantaneously without making any noise, so perhaps it
was only above us for a second or two, & I just didn't notice. 

Years later, I found out that others have seen similar triangular objects
(like the one sighted over Belgium) 

Some other points (I'm sure you've heard this stuff before...I certainly
have, but regardless here it is)

-It could go from "not moving" to "moving blindingly fast" instantly

-It could turn on sharp angles without slowing down

-It could stop without decelerating

-It could go in any direction at any time without changing its orientation
relative to its direction (ie, it didn't have to "face" the direction it was
traveling)

-It didn't make any noise

-It didn't have any apparent exhaust or contrail

-It was obviously a piece of manufactured hardware, & not an amorphous blob
of light or comet or meteor or any sort of natural meteorological
phenomenon. 

So there you have it. I'm sure you've all heard this stuff before, but now
you've got one more account.
