Date                         Date
  Case No:             2205                       01/25/2026                         02/03/2026
                                     Report:                     Resolution:
                   Pedro Aguirre
Location:                             Region:    Metropolitan
                      Cerda

                 Reported what he considered air abnormalities that he saw at 02:07 hours on the 25th
As of January 2026, from the commune of Pedro Aguirre Cerda, Metropolitan Region of Santiago.
Summary:
He described the information in terms of more than three circular objects, with color changes, seen directly as “they were large then receded” moving slowly. It was indicated that the one seen first appeared from the east of a witness. There was no explanation as to where it disappeared.
The user testified that: "It flew very close, I mistook it for a drone, but upon closer inspection, it was very different. I wouldn't know how to explain it. It continued on its course towards the mountain range, and I climbed near another very similar one. They were a good distance apart. But as time passed, I saw smaller lights flashing, and then one flew downwards and moved towards the Maipo Canyon sector."
Looking to the left, there were 3 more objects with very low lights that also moved and then stopped, and later they aligned, those ones not...
"My camera captured it as it had a focus right in front"

"No audiovisual file was entered with the report."

"Since it only indicated that the reported event occurred 'Very low and then'"
It rose towards the "co", in emails of the days 26 and 28 January and 02 February.
He requested the user to provide more precise details of the location where this occurred. Additionally, images of what was reported were requested. To the drafting of this investigation report, no response was received.

For statistical purposes, a user location was georeferenced in the commune of Pedro Aguirre Cerda.

It was verified that, on the date and time reported, there were no air operations.
with an ADS-B transpondrer activated in the previously defined sector (Figure 1).
              Figure 1. Air situation at 02:07 (HL) on January 25, 2025. A red star marks the location of the case.

Due to the lack of precise information and images to study, the case was closed according to the numbers 2nd (The person making the report must identify themselves and
To provide minimum and responsible information that warrants the initiation of an investigation and allows contact according to the needs of the study.

Conclusion: and 2d (Only cases reporting original images, audios, or videos will be investigated) of the Technical Instruction on Procedure, Research Times, Reception, Executive Report Preparation, and SEFAA Report Archiving. It was verified that there were no air operations that could have been conducted.
Risk. Classified case as Report.
