{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-06-05 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484368","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75470","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2965,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/368/mufon-5484368.json","updb_database_id":5484368}
{dr}red, green, blue lights moving in 3 different directions with big bright light show before leaving

I was in my bedroom watching tv late at night near 1am. i have a window in my bedroom. i thought i saw a light but something felt like it was telling me to look out the window. when i looked out i didnt see anything at first. then i had the feeling again. so i got up looked out and saw a strange lights outside. so i left my bedroom to go out back to see what it was but when i got outside it was in a different part of the sky and i could then see 3 lights. top light was red middle was green bottom was blue it was in a straight line hovering over a neighbor house for 1 to 2 mins then moved to the next spot in the sky and hovered there for a 1 or 2 then moved back to where i first saw it over another neighbor house for 1 or 2 and it keep going back and forth, it would go for the 3 spot to the 2 spot to the 1 then back to 2 to the 3 spot. at one point i went into the house to get my cell phone to take a picture but when i came back out it was in a different spot of the sky i tried to take a picture but it looked like a dot so i didnt keep it and i took my phone back in and before i could go back out it shine a bright white light that lit up the whole house and my eyes started to feel like they was burn itching only last for a few seconds then it went out and i looked at the stove and it was 1:30am. i went back outside and i didnt see it in the sky. i could tell at one point the lights move a little and i could tell it had a cylinder shape but mostly stayed in a straight line. the lights would look far off then close up back and froth. the whole time i felt clam and at peace.

the next night around the same time. something else happen but it was not in the sky. i was in my bed trying to sleep but couldnt my mind started to race really fast and hurting. then it felt like the hallway started to get warm and very warm and my body couldnt move, i couldnt moved my head and then i could hear a voice say come here come here. after hearing the voice the warm went away and i could move again.

from then after those two nights i have had bad dreams very bad sometime waking up freaking out, sweating, or couldnt move feeling. my mind has race every since then. and i dont think thats the first time i have had a alien existence. i had one when i was 17.
