{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-06-15 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289368","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113989","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2587,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/368/mufon-5289368.json","updb_database_id":5289368}
Massive low-flying Triangular UFO. Multicolored flashing lights and no sound.

I worked at the mall in Fort Smith, AR in 2006 and got off late, after 10pm. I turned onto Waldron going towards Rogers Ave. I was on the phone with my boyfriend and I noticed some lights in the sky East of me. My first thought was fireworks, but quickly dismissed that. They didn't look like any I'd ever seen and it was not near any holiday. They were flashing lights, multicolored. I turned east onto Rogers and soon realized the lights were part of an aircraft. It was very slow-moving and very low to the ground, maybe 1000 feet. It seemed barely higher than the tallest building, an 8-story bank.
My next thought was a blimp. I rolled my window all the way down and strained to hear anything. There was virtually no traffic. I could not hear anything coming from this craft. Eventually it began to cross Rogers Ave and I drove directly underneath it. It was impossibly huge and I just couldn't believe what I was seeing. It was several football fields wide and triangular shaped. It was a solid craft as it blocked out the stars above it. I had my head out of my window, slowed down to a crawl and could still hear nothing! It was moving so slowly, I was able to keep up with it going well below the speed limit. It eventually crossed over Rogers and headed toward the direction of Fort Chaffee, a military base. 
I don't have much of a memory of what happened after seeing it. One of my coworkers saw it from a different part of town that night. I don't know if it was reported to the authorities by anyone. I still don't know what I saw. I know it wasn't a blimp or airplane. It was a solid craft, not several in a formation. I don't remember seeing lights underneath it, but possibly because I was focused on trying to see the outline. I've never seen anything that comes close to the size.
