{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-27 22:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529368","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26162","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4536,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/368/mufon-5529368.json","updb_database_id":5529368}
Disk/cigar shape with four very bright white lights on the side facing me. No sound.

Back in 1976, when I was 10-11 years old, I had two encounters with craft during daylight and at a close proximity to me which has made me a believer in UFO's ever since. I don't believe that either of these craft could have been anything that we could have "reverse engineered", though I do believe that we do now have some "home grown UFO's" here in the U.S. which would make it hard to discern between "theirs" and "ours".

I have continually "watched the skies" for the past 35 years and have had (to my regret) no other encounters since those two when I was a young boy, but that's all changed in the past week as I have had three separate sightings in less than a week. 

I've read that UFO sightings have had a sharp increase this year. I wasn't going to report the 2nd sighting...feeling that people would think I was some kind of crackpot who was making it up after just having reported one a few days prior (two in one week). Then, I had the THIRD sighting and decided that I was obligated to report them all--regardless if anyone believes me or not. We're never going to get any kind of disclosure from our Government if we don't speak up and tell what we've been seeing!

I believe we are about to have some type of Earth changing "event" which will lead up to "something big" in 2012 in regard to our own evolutionary/spriritual changes as well as a new age of truth (though full disclosure may come in stages) in regard to Aliens/UFO's and our "real" history as a species. I think the increase in UFO activity is just the beginning.

Here are brief details of the sightings I have had this past week (I won't go into detail about the one's 35 years ago, though they were quite incredible):

1- 10-21/22-10?(can't recall exact day, I reported it that evening on MUFON site right after I saw it late in the evening) - Extremely bright star like object- silver white light. Hovered silently in the sky and quickly dimmed over the last 5 seconds that I saw it. The whole thing only lasted about 15 seconds.

2-10-24-10-Late evening (10:30-11:30pm, EST). 6-8 Bright quickly flashing/stobing Red and White lights on bottom of a craft that flew directly over me at an altitude of maybe 1000-2000 feet. No sound. Could tell by stobing lights that the craft was either triangular or circular from the way the lights lit up the under side of it. Kept it in sight for several minutes as it approached me, flew directly over and past me and then out of sight.

3-10-27-10- 10:25pm (EST)- This was the best one of the week! Four extremely bright white lights on the side facing me (I believe the lights went all the way around the circumference)on what I believe was an oval/saucer shaped craft, no more than 100 yards away. The lights were so bright it was hard to make out the exact details of the craft. It was approximately 50' in diameter, and it "floated" slilently about 100 ft. off the ground, through the tree(s) (gaining altitude slowly as it moved from (my) left to right as if it had just taken off from being on the ground). Then past the tree(s) into a clearing where I saw it without any obstruction at all (though with the leaves falling off the trees this time of year I was able to see it pretty well even when it was "behind" them). It continued to gain altitude and speed until the roofs of the houses obstructed its view, but I observed it for at least 100-150 yards.

The evening after the 3rd sighting I was reading about the increase of UFO activity and came across this photo that a couple had taken of a UFO in GA just two nights prior (10-25-10) to my sighting which looks EXACTLY like the craft that I last saw. I'm going to have to start taking my phone/camera with me when I go outside to smoke!
