{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-05-04 04:52:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460368","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100874","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2669,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/368/mufon-5460368.json","updb_database_id":5460368}
{jpg} We followed the object, the object changed elevation multiple times.

I have 10 gigs of pictures and videos. I'm having trouble uploading them here. I do have them on Google Drive and they can be shared via a link as soon as you respond and tell me where I should send the link. 

My Girl Friend and I were on our way home early in the morning when we spotted a glowing orb about 100 to 200 feet off the ground. We decided to follow this object and we did so for roughly 15-20 miles, after following the object, we turned around to see if the object would follow us and it did!!! Please note, every time I stopped my car, the object would also stop and would start moving again when I moved again. No matter what speed I traveled at, the object always kept the same distance from us. You can tell roughly how fast I’m traveling by looking at the lane lines in the road. When it stopped following us, it moved from 100-200 feet to a few 1,000 feet up into the clouds. We then recorded the object peeking through holes in the cloud before disappearing all together. 

The object is a glowing orb located at the mid-top-right side of my screen. I know that there is a lot of footage here, if you need me to point out specifics please let me know. 

I really would appreciate some feedback here. By chance, do you have an idea as to when you would be able to provide any feedback so I know when to expect you? I’m really looking forward to hearing from you! Again, if you need the files zipped please let me know, I’m concerned the file size is slightly different in google drive vs in my file system. The table listed below shows the detail that is located in my file system. Again, I recommend that you download them rather than using the Google Drive player to watch them. 

Please feel free to contact me either by phone or email, my contact information is listed below. Below is the download link, I have also added you to the file in google drive.
