{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-19 18:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470368","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90130","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3107,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/368/mufon-5470368.json","updb_database_id":5470368}
{jpg} Saw the craft in the distance and stopped to see the extreamley bright lights as i went down the road the craft came closer till I stopped and it was directley in front of my truck above the tree tops.

I was on my way home from work on the evening of January 19, 2018, around 6:12pm. As I turned off the main road onto a side road heading towards my house, I noticed some extremely bright lights in the distance. I stopped my truck as I could see out across the valley to a ski slope on the far mountain. The lights at first looked like a large plane, but they were too bright to be a plane. It was traveling towards the east, and I was heading towards the west so I continued down the road, and as I went around a turn in the road to the left, the craft seemed to turn and head straight towards me. As I came up to the stop sign at the end of the road about a half of a mile from where I first saw the lights, the craft had came right up in front of my truck.
I was at a T intersection were I had to turn left to my house, and the craft was maybe about 100 feet away just above the tree tops. I grabbed my cell phone to try to get a picture of it, but was having problems getting it to work. I tried several times but it just wouldn't work at all. Once it went off seconds after trying to take the picture getting the dash board, then again when I held the phone pointing down at the cup holder trying to see what was the matter. I didn't think the camera was going to work, and the adrenaline was making me not able to think right. I looked back up at the craft and it was moving off to the northeast over top the right side of my truck and disappeared overtop of some houses on the road.
I drove the rest of the way to my house, adrenaline flowing, not being able to believe what I had just seen. As I went into my house I grabbed my cell phone to see why I couldn't get it to work right, and see what was on it. That is when I discovered that I in fact did catch a picture of part of the craft, but did not have the entire craft in the shot. It did get a part that you could see what looked like lights, windows, and the side of the craft were it curved just below some windows.
Prior to seeing this that evening I always thought people were seeing helicopters and things, but after seeing this with my own eyes, I believe what I saw that night. I am a U.S. Military Vet, and have been around a lot of Military helicopters and equipment, but this was like nothing that I have ever seen in my life before.
