{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-15 22:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505368","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53494","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2929,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/368/mufon-5505368.json","updb_database_id":5505368}
{cak} Large Dark Mass framed by lights or escorted/hauled by aircraft

I was taking out the trash around 10:05pm before clocking out and leaving work, and one of my coworkers was smoking a cigarette and waiting for his ride. We simultaneously noticed a large aircraft over the NE horizon, seemingly proceeding SSE. I immediately recognized it as fitting the description of the UFO reports that had been coming out around the area through the preceding hour. This was a relatively widespread sighting I had seen reported via social media before seeing it, myself. One may conduct their own Twitter search using the keywords "ufo" and "Gardendale." Even the prominent weather reporter for our local ABC affiliate was discussing this event on his public Facebook page. Other accounts report more lights (in a fixed line) and noise, but the distance and angle possibly limited our perspective. My coworker and I witnessed an extremely massive object which featured two visible lights, one on either end. I would say it was shaped like a blimp or dirigible, except that it was angled like a ramp or a staircase (at least seemingly, from our vantage point). The lower end was the leading end, and was demarcated by one dull and steady reddish light. The higher end was trailing, and had its own light which flashed a more vivid red. The object appeared solid, but it was so distant and dark that it could very well have been cargo suspended between two or more aircraft. But this is speculation. The sheer size of the object was staggering, spanning the apparent length of at least 10 small aircraft. It seemed to be flying around standard cruising speed for a helicopter, over the subdivision of Mountain Brook on a course that would have taken it toward the Cahaba Heights area and eventually the vicinity of the US Route 280/I-459 interchange. We could hear no sound, and it soon disappeared behind trees and buildings. As a footnote, I decided to report this because it seems no one else in my area did. When I woke up this morning, I checked the last few MUFON reports and there were no Birmingham submissions; however, I couldnt help but notice the similarities in the Georgia reports from last night. My opinion, for what it may be worth, is that this is some large-scale military exercise, cargo haul or experimental aircraft testing.
