{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-19 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493368","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66147","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2932,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/368/mufon-5493368.json","updb_database_id":5493368}
{jpg} Imitation Star with haze

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?
We were watching the sky for flying objects around 9 PM EST and noticed a bright star like object in the sky. Living in the path of the Atlanta airport, we often see objects flying in the sky. Knowing which way planes fly overhead allows to identify interesting subject that may not be planes.
2. What made you first notice the object?
It was extremely bright, and closer than any other stars. We often see bright star like objects in the eastern portion of the horizon. 
3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?
A star
4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.
The star like object was extremely bright and twinkling. When I zoomed in with the camera, I noticed that the object was not a star. I have trouble describing the object because I1ve never seen anything like it. It was bright orange with black cloud like mist surrounding it. You can the black shadow type object move across the bright orange section. It almost looked like it was cigar shaped. The object moved because the bright orange visible part goes from a circle shape to a circle with an x in it. 
5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.
We1ve had several experiences with unknown objects in the sky, but this was the first time I was able to record the event. Our first real experience over a year ago scared the crap out of us, and now we are constantly looking at the sky for additional encounters. 
6. How did you lose sight of the object?
First, the object was bright and visible to the eye, but then it disappeared. However, the camera was able to still pick up the light from the object even though the human eye could not see it. I had to stop recording when my 3 year old woke up.
