{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-06 07:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286024","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117371","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5071,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/024/mufon-5286024.json","updb_database_id":5286024}
Believe we just saw the Black Knight

8-5-21 The local paper lady laughed at me ☹ I don’t even know why I tried. No sightings, streak broke at 9 (but interesting connection is I kept getting 3,3,3,9 in my head on 8-7-21, my ce5 is 3 long blasts of my laser, 11 secs, then a brief 5 sec delay until the next and I repeat that 3 times and talk and gaze). 
8-6-21 begin ce5 at 630, 7. I was getting strange connections of, why I do this, and now why I do that, which makes sense why I was doing the 1st thing. (I recieve long lost memories and then when I contemplate them for awhile they somehow make sense to other strange events that occured during my life). I go in to explain that to my wife, takes about 30 minutes or so. I return to garage to put up laser, (I always forget in my pocket). I’m killing a bit more time talking to my friends, the visitors I am graced to witness, how exciting etc. I walk over to admire my plants; I get an instinct to look up, I see, what at first glance looked to me like a squid or kraken on its side, or Pokémon tentacruel, -I know crazy huh? against a, hazy from all the wildfires, a smokey background sky, or smokey white haze. Perfect contrast for viewing, looked like two objects, a black dot with about that black dot’s width again blank space then another object, so I grab my binoculars and sure enough what I describe is ther. Two separate ships, on the same line, gliding across the Northern sky West to East towards, Travis AFB. Best way for me to describe what I saw was Arrival’s ship on its side, or cut in half, little bit flattened, tear drop, also black, same color as the dot trailing it. Not a sound, and the wind was unusually still that night, so quiet and the animals were, birds, insects, I’E. dragonflies flew by) more active, all day and at that moment). Tapped on window for my wife to come out. I grab the digital camera but did not fair well, I DID get some on footage that will match what we describe and draw on paper after our encounter. Forgive me I was shaking in disbelief. Gave up on camera and watched again with naked eye until it got behind some tree tops. Wife and I venture to the back of the yard and walk right around the corner of our home to clear the trees and see again that area, but nothing there, gone. So, we high five, she says I don’t know what’s visiting you but I’ve never seen anything like that. (Add she was a witness to the 23rd event). And after she went inside, she came back out a second time to talk about it. After I went inside, she was asking for a pen or pencil so she could draw what she saw. Our sketches differ slightly, and after great thought the only explanation would be, 1. her eyesight is near almost blind, wears corrective lens, yet had them in at this time and mine has always been sharp, I’ll admit, at 61, I now wear reading glasses to read. Or 2. The front object rotated to appear different side view for her as I was fidgeting with the camera. After I gave up with the camera, I could track it off in the distance with my naked eye. Cindy lost it and handed the binoculars to me and I watched it until I lost it behind the trees. Entire time not one sound, not one plane, after, normal air traffic resumed. After further research this thing resembled and behaved like the Black Knight.
8-7-21 Nothing sighted. No visits. Broke consecutive sightings streak again :( Forgive my poor media skills. Drawing or sketch, mine is on left and what my wife said she saw on the right.
