{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-12 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511024","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47360","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3573,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/024/mufon-5511024.json","updb_database_id":5511024}
(GS) I was fishing for sturgeon easy at night and seen a controlled crash and I ran to help out.

I was sitting out side at Forrest city, SD. About a mile or two from where I live. Across the bridge on the reservation. I was singing some songs, waiting for bites, watching the sky. I could determine some stars from planets, and constellations. I seen a few airplanes going by really really high. I seen on the river a reflection of purple. It was a dark, royal purple. It wasnt very bright on the water, but I could see it. At first I didn't know what to think. Maybe could be something floating in the water. Then I noticed it was just a reflection somehow purple in that spot just like how the moon light reflects off the water. A certain spot was purple. That was a bout a half mile away.

I looked up W. - S.W. over the river towards the dark hilly horizon to my right, from where I was. I thought I seen something in the sky and Im sure I did because it kept getting closer. Its dark out here and there were not any lights on the exterior of this craft. I could see through the windows it was like hover/flying/descending west of me heading N.E from where ever it came from. From where I was at. I noticed that it was a craft and who ever was controlling it was having difficulty with it. I landed in shallow water west of me on a slope. The front of the craft sideways and facing the water/slope. Then it pretty much vanished. It looked like it was moving forward into the water. Maybe it was an accident, something obviously went wrong. I couldnt move. I stood there and watched this happen. By the time i realized it was gone, however, I started to head up to the land from the shore so I could travel easier to the site instead of going along the shore. By the time i Got there about the length of two cigs. I saw two bean shaped pods come out of the water. They werent just shaped like beans. That was just the shape of the cockpit of each craft. Which seemed reasonably aerodynamic. I figured they came from the craft that just submerged 10 minutes prior. They hovered out of the water. The crafts faced me in moonlit darkness, and about faced and took off. I watched them fade into the distance toward the South. I went back to my fishing spot and started to pack up. On my way home I was driving up the hill on the other side of the bridge and as soon as i got to the top i seen a purple looking star and then it made itself into a line. It went from the south direction in the sky I was driving almost straight, yet a little left - into space. I don't remember getting home which was only a mile away. I just remember that and then I woke up thinking of the whole event. Then I went fishing again til around noon. Today. Same spot. Couldnt see deep enough into the water to tell if main craft was still down there. There was obviously something in the water though. You could see sort of in the shale under water in the shallow something was there.
