{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-02-26 20:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470024","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90477","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2559,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/024/mufon-5470024.json","updb_database_id":5470024}
{td}Saw a light that appeared near the horizon above the tree line, thought it was Venus till I realized I was looking South and it moved

I was leaving my parents house to go home when I saw a bright light above the trees. At first I thought it was Venus until I realized I was looking South and it started moving. The light was red-orange, which is why at first I thought it was light reflecting off the planet and through the atmosphere. It's not the first time I've seen that. Then it began moving across the sky towards the North, stopped and turned East for a bit, then turned back to the North again. When it turned back to the north, the light changed from red-orange to white. I sat in my parents driveway for a good 10-15 minutes before. I called my husband while watching and asked him to step out on the back porch to get a bit of triangulation. We live about a mile down the road from my parents so it's narrowed down to a small area. He said it was a little North of our home, but I still saw it as being South of my parents home. I wasn't scared or intimidated, just curious. My husband said that from his perspective it looked like it was just one blinking light. As it traveled further north, passing over me till I was south of it, I did not see any flashing or blinking. I saw no other objects in the sky at the time. I thought that maybe it was an airplane coming in to land at the local airport, but it was much too high for a Lansing landing. I also thought for a moment that it may have been the ISS, but when I got home I looked up the ISS's location online for the last hour or two and it was well below the equator. It is entirely possible that it was a puddle jumper going to land somewhere further North of Lansing, but it had no wing lights that either my husband or I saw. I lost sight of the object when it went north enough that I couldn't see it through the tree line anymore. It did not appear to land or make any more directional changes.
