{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5293024","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110292","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2735,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/024/mufon-5293024.json","updb_database_id":5293024}
Lost control of neck and head, vision became blurry and almost went black.

[Abduction Case]
I had just gotten back from a small weekend vacation with my family to a cabin we rented in the woods. At said cabin my three year old niece and older sister (her mother) both had terrifying encounters. A day or two after we got home I was sitting in my living room sometime around 1 or 2 am. My older sister asked if I would keep an eye on my niece while she slept on the couch while my sister went to go get cigarettes. Of course I said yes and my sister left, she would only be a few minutes. I was a little spooked by what she had seen at the cabin so I kept kinda looking out the small sliver of one of our windows that I could see through the blinds waiting for her to come back because she wanted me to keep the front door unlocked for her. As I looked something caught my eye, it was like I was looking at something and forgetting I was seeing it as I was seeing it. Which froze me because my niece said she saw something in her room at the cabin at night and explained it similarly. It was almost translucent like nothing was there but I could see it move like an octopus or chameleon in camo mode. Then because I was so scared I tried to reposition myself in my chair and immediately was shoved back into my seat and my eyes went black for a moment and my vision became blurred and I screamed and cried and my head went back like I lost control of my own body. The next thing I remember I’m still sitting there and tears are coming down my face but I can see and move again. My niece was still asleep amazingly cause I felt like I was so loud. I grabbed my phone and checked the time and it had only been a few minutes maybe three or four but it felt longer. I cried and sat alone for a few more minutes until my sister came home and then without a word to her about what has happened I ran to my room and tried to convince myself it didn’t happen for the rest of the night. I told her the next day and of course she believes me as much as she can but I still feel a little crazy. Nothing even close to that had ever happened and nothing since.
