{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-01-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549024","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"6664","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4153,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/024/mufon-5549024.json","updb_database_id":5549024}
Advancing bright headlight in night sky, no engine noises. As advancing light turns out, no engine noise. Unidentified, something? Spaced large distance apart, 6x green lights on under belly , no visible shape or structure.

Cold, clear, January night sky, a little after 7 p.m. Witness standing at end of house laneway, waiting for car ride from friend. Two homes located to the left and right, at the end of laneway. I live in a small farming village.

Out of the corner of my eye, a bright light. I turn to my right, just as this bright headlight moves straight upward, very slowly, into the sky. There is a farmers field located where this bright headlight appears. I dismiss what I'am seeing, literally turn away and look up the road for my ride. I turn back to my right, the bright light appears to be advancing, slowly, in my direction. Distance from me, less than a third of a mile. Again, I pay no real attention.

Check again, headlight still advancing in my direction. I start to pay attention, why? I realize I cannot hear what I would expect to be engine noises, for something that is approaching not from too far away?

This slow, noiseless, bright headlight, keeps approaching. I watch as it moves over and above, the roof top of a house, just above the T.V. atenna on the roof top peak. It's still moving very slowly in my direction. The night is cold, but I'am feeling even more cold at that moment. My thoughts are not giving me a "word" to explain what this is? Planes have definite engine noises. This has no engine noise, NO NOISE, Whatsoever??

As this bright headlight nears the house roof top of the home to the right of where I'am standing, I still cannot hear anything? I'am straining my ears and eyes, looking for it's shape, size, any kind of shape structure. Nothing visible, even though, the night sky is cloudless and clear?

Just above the house roof top, again the height of roof top T.V. atenna, the bright headlight disappears? No noise? I'am looking up, above me in the sky, 6x large green lights, spaced large distance apart, in circular formation appear. I force myself not to blink and count these lights, as slowly as the lights are moving overhead. I'am able to repeat my count of them 7x times, that is how slow the lights move overhead. I cannot see any structural shape above the green lights. I'am assuming I was looking up under the belly of something? Suddenly, there's a loud rumble/roar, as it moves over rooftop of home to my right, green lights disappear, no more nosie, it's gone! I ran back to my home. Asked my husband if he heard anything, stated no! I never told him what I saw, I didn't know how.

Judging from the width of the green lights that were in a circle shape, I'd have to put the size of this thing to be the approx. size of the property our home was located on. So, if it had landed, there's no doubt in my mind, it would of taken up the entire 2 1/2 acres or more, of land that our home was built on. This is best I can do as far as describing size, even though I visibly could not see any shape above the green lights?

Over the years I have only told three close family members, and one close friend what I saw that evening. When telling them the events of what I saw, I could not bring myself to even consider, that it could of been a UFO? The thought disturbs me to this day. I even avoid looking into the night sky, for fear I might see it again. This is the first time I'am putting this in print.

Thank you for your time. Maybe this information will help others, I hope.
