{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-01 18:31:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287024","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116355","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4039,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/024/mufon-5287024.json","updb_database_id":5287024}
It was a disc shaped with a oval bottom and top, lead colored, reflected light at times, and wobbled, and seemed to disappear and reappear

I viewed a disc shaped craft flying out of the north and going due south before turning southwest. It was a dark colored steel material that did reflect sunlight at times. It looked to be the size of a 737 jet and it was moving at about the same speed as a jet as well. It had a kind of wobbling movement and it seemed to disappear and reappear and I don't think it was high enough to have been covered by the clouds but it was hard to judge. It was completely quite and it didn't seem to look like it had any kind of known propulsion. It seemed to be rotating but I can't remember if it was clock or counterclockwise. It was flying south and then southwest directly into the wind on that day so it couldn't have been a balloon or any object floating with the wind plus it changed directions as well. It flew right through MDW airport landing flight path which seemed to be a very odd/abnormal flight path from what I normally see. I had a very hard time trying to zoom my camera on my phone which was not normal so I stopped recording so I could take pics zoomed in as close as I could. Last but not least, it seemed to have a sort of blurry gas around the object. It reminded me of how you could see the heat coming off the road on a hot summer day or a water vapor mist like appearance. You will see that in a few of my pics the object doesn't seem to be visible but the following pic it's back again. Again, I'm not sure if there's a natural explanation or if it's something else. I don't think it could have been a drone because of the size, speed, and the fact that it made NO noise what so ever. The pics are in order from last to first. I first tried to record a video and then I started taking pics and I think I attached all pics in order again last to first being the video. Last but not least, I have always had an interest/enjoyed trying to see and identify what I view in the sky from natural to manmade objects such as airliners, exct. My father and I even check the scheduling for satellites, rockets, the shuttles (before Obama transformed NASA into a political global warming cult), and even the space station so we could make sure we knew when and where to look to view the objects so I have a decent knowledge of the known manmade craft in our skies and less likely to be stumped then the normal person!
