{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-12-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463837","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97084","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2629,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/837/mufon-5463837.json","updb_database_id":5463837}
{rjl} Walking outside my apartment, witnessed two bright lights. One larger, hovering. Smaller one moving around the larger.

Last night my ex wife dropped off some food at my apartment. I met her in the parking lot. As I walked back towards the apartment building, I looked up and thought that it was an airplane. It then moved in a way airplanes cannot move. I stood outside for several minutes as the larger triangular shaped vehicle hovered, positioned at a 45 degree angle. I noticed that the smaller, white orb shaped vehicle was moving in a strange way. It was moving towards the first vehicle, then backing away...
As I went into the apartment I went out to my deck and watched more. I ran back into my home and found my cell phone (old flip phone) and took pictures, but it was difficult for my old phone to focus on any lights. I was able to get one good picture of both vehicles. I am a former private investigator with a good eye. I always look into the sky in that direction, which is above a large tree in the back of the building. I would notice if it were a star or something like an airplane.
I was upset because reviewing my phone, I was not able to see whether or not I got a good shot. I took several photos, hoping to at least get it. I got only the one photo.
I went back inside my apartment and grabbed my binoculars and watched the action. I unfortunately do not have a camera. Recently divorced with not much at the apt. I believe this to be the typical triangular shaped ufo's and when it was at the 45 degree angle, I could see four prominent lights. 
The smaller vehicle was a round shaped sphere. It was brighter in color and moved much quicker than the other. I'm not a ufologist, but it appears that the two were communicating and/or conducting some type of maneuvers in space. I'm not sure if it was ours or "theirs". I will look for the same tonight if the skies are clear as they were last night.
