{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-10-01 15:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464837","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95978","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2624,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/837/mufon-5464837.json","updb_database_id":5464837}
{tjd} Went for nap. Woke with a burning pain on the inside of my left knee. Found a wound. Patch of skin gone.

This "MUFON Sighting Report" form leaves me and my evidence completely out of the loop..., so much that I'm doubting my input will even be considered. 

But here it is anyway: 

Just after lunch on or about October 1, 2018 I went to my bedroom for a nap. I took off my shirt and loafers. With my jeans, shorts, and socks still on, I crawled under the covers and went to sleep. This was about 12 Noon. 

At 3:30pm my wife came in and woke me. I immediately got up and headed for the bathroom. On about the second or third step I felt a sharp burning pain on the inside of my left knee where the pants leg brushed against it. On the pot and having lowered my jeans and shorts, I looked at the place where the pain was coming from. It had the shape, roughly speaking, of a butterfly, was bright red, and its size was somewhat more than a square inch. I gently touched it and got pretty well the sensation I expected from an area where the top layer of skin had been skillfully removed. No sign of the skin itself. 

My wife agreed that it looked like what one would expect to see when a patch of skin had been acquired for the purpose of making a graft on another place where something like a mole or some such had been removed. (Next day wife took pictures) 

I should mention that I've often noticed other lesser wounds in past years, none nearly so dramatic or having taken place in broad daylight. I was never able to recall how or when I might have bumped into something or fallen down or anything else that might account for those marks on my legs ... much less this one. Before, I just brushed them off. This time I can't get it off my mind. I was under the covers with my clothes on. Makes no sense...
