{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-10-09 20:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547837","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"14068","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2894,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/837/mufon-5547837.json","updb_database_id":5547837}
Triangle shape with 6 orange lights-2 lights in each corner with steady glow.

On October 9, 2008, while watching the 6:00 pm evening news out of Bryan/College Station, the weatherman said that the Space Station would be flying over our area around 8:00 pm. At 7:55 pm, my husband and I went outside to our backyard and waited for the Space Station. We watched it fly from the north to the east towards Houston. We watched for about 5 minutes until we could not see it anymore. At that time, we both turn around to the WNW and see an object flying slowing. At first we thought it was some military aircraft tracking the Space Station, but the more we watched it, it didn't look or sound like any aircraft. In fact, there was no sound at all. It was triangular shaped with 6 orange lights that were not blinking but with a steady glow. There were 2 circular lights in each corner. We knew that it wasn't an aircraft, because there were airplanes flying overhead from Houston, and they are very distince with their flashing lights and engine sounds. We couldn't believe our eyes. My husband, who is an avid UFO believer, was yelling that he told me so, that they were real!! I was saying "Oh my god" over and over. Then, it started moving towards the north, but it never turned or angled in any way. We could see the triangle shape with the 6 lights the whole time it moved away from us. It was moving at a moderate speed. At the same time, my husband is calling my sister to tell her what we are seeing and she suggests I contact the news station to see if anyone else is going to report the sighting. My husband used his cell phone camera to take a picture, but it was quite a distance away at that point. I called the news hotline, but they did not receive any reports. I, then emailed the meterologist, Bob French, on October 9, 2008 at approx. 8:14 pm to see if he had heard of any reports of strange aircraft, or if he knew if there were any military aircraft in the area. He responded on October 10, that he had not heard of anything unusual in our area. My husband and I were shocked, excited, frantic, and so many other emotions. My husband and I truly believe we saw a UFO, unless you can disprove what we saw. Unfortunately, the picture he took on his cell phone, only shows a small glowing dot.
