{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-24 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489837","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69767","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4085,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/837/mufon-5489837.json","updb_database_id":5489837}
{jpg} Red circle that change colors and sizes been watching for a couple months but yesterday finally borrowed binoculars and wow saw this thing do amazing unbelievable things.

My wife and I smoke cigarettes on our front porch, not in home because it's gross and more importantly our children. We have been watching a lot of activities that appears to be airplanes going on in the sky during the day, and Strange lights in the night sky. I got the sky map application to see if we could identify the lights we have been watching to see if it was a star or what because it's not acting like stars. Could not be identified by the application. Very difficult to hold phone steady. Finally asked my dad if he had binoculars and he let us borrow a pair last night. That is when we or I was able to see more closely. I was using them, while my wife was using her naked eyes. What I saw was just unbelievable. We kept our eyes in the area of the sky where this object usually appears, it was not there right away but within a couple of minutes it did appear as it does first as a white looking circle starting off white like a star but pulsating or vibrating and changing sizes and colors. When I pulled up the binoculars to see closer I could see a large white and red circle that seemed to change like getting more stronger or something, now remember I am leaving out a lot of details because I am looking for othrs in my area to see if anyone else seen and been seeing what we have. Anyway looking at this large bright changing light all of a sudden went from lrge to so small like a dot flashed or something like that, my wife's naked eyeys describe what I couldn't see. The dot then moved straight across a point in the sky, we use the house one street over to have a point of reference from one side to another and seemed to instantly get large and disappear. Me and my wife were speechless but not it was so amazing in a scary mind opening way and I was so happy I didnt see this alone because no one would believe me. Me aand my wife came in and couldn't stop talking about it and thinkig everything and nothing, with a lot of fears. About an hour later about our frequency of smoking a cigarette I came out to the porch wiyh my wife shortly to join when I opened the porch door I looked right away at the spot that this thing is always in and right away I can see its there and it was big and white like usuall This was me looking without the binoculars I verbally said dont worry dont leave I wont use the binoculars and as I was saying that it went red and flashed and skiped within the first area like a beam of some sort stopped and went to the spot whweree it dissappear bot everything was like a red clearly defined, unbelievable spectical I ran in because my wife wasn't out there yet and I wanted to tell her so fast what I seen again and thjn she once again told me our first sighting about an hr earlier and she told me that what she saw was like a fire like thing comming from below towrds the light I didn't see that I had limmited vision with the binoculars and I can't even believe but I can. I wish I had some way of having to relly capture a video properly. Thete is alotmore to this a ton of coincidence like lights in my neighbors outside that were flashing all while this was going on the first time and my wife had pointed that out I hadnt notice and when I did it really looked like someone was communicating with someone. I hope you believe but this is unbelievable.
