{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495837","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63585","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2936,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/837/mufon-5495837.json","updb_database_id":5495837}
{rjl} Followed with tracking device on my car. Then hovering near my home

I saw a triangle dark in color ascending above a smaller sphere shape ship into the sky. This ship (ships)follows me wherever I go. Then it hovers near my home. My car as I am driving shoves forward and tilts low to the ground as if it is carrying weight in front ....I have a small Chevrolet Aveo. I see gas surround me in my car, my skin and eyes burn. And then they talk non-stop in my head...in my ears about what damage they have done and intend to do as they say every household in America will be hit.....my head burns. My head and ears stay red all the time my skin always has white residue on it and it burns...my teeth have been damaged, my skin and body appears to be aging very rapidly. They are using the portal of their ship as a tracking device as you can see a cloud of dark gas hovering around the car and my home I just moved from Forney Tx to Waco Tx Dec 24, 2014 (While in Forney I sent to mufon numerous reports) to a new house it passed a very thorough inspection and was without damage....two months later I see heat damage as the paint on the walls looks like it is melting. My belongings are being damaged my cars are damaged.....they point the laser weapon/portal at my home and neighborhood all the time. looked out my back door last night and was feeling pulsating pressure in my head and body and hearing the pulsating noise I saw the ship appeared to be turned on its side and its light was pulsating and rotating exactly to what I was feeling...They are doing this non-stop I reported sighting here to police when I first moved in. This has been going on for a long time. I am so worried and fearful this is very wide spread and the public needs to be warned of what has happen and what to watch out for. I saw several of these gas cloud streams coming from the sky to my house and the surrounding areas the gas is shoved into any opening in your home air ducts, doors......etc......once in they use orbs and hide in unseen spots in your house the gas gives them energy to move about and cause severe damage they are using as lasers.
