{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-03 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529837","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25672","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2936,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/837/mufon-5529837.json","updb_database_id":5529837}
Odd UFO Sighting in Brandon, Florida

At 10:00pm Eastern Standard Time myself and my wife and were walking our two dogs on our favorite walking trail on Brandon Parkway in Brandon, Florida. As we were walking by a pond on this trail we heard a splash which startled us as Alligators are known to eat dogs, so we are always on guard when walking our dogs near water. The noise wasn't an Alligator but only a crane landing in the pond. This scare caused my wife to look up to the right of us which caused her to notice something in the sky. She then asked if i saw what was in the sky. I then looked up and didn't see what she was talking about at first but shortly afterwards I noticed it too. About 30 yards in front of us and 40 feet up in the air was a luminous/shimmering flying object that appeared to be slowly gliding through the air. At first I believed the object was a giant unknown bird however it had no features a bird would have and got more unrecognizable as I stared at it. The object was completely silent and had a slight bend to it looking like a fingernail sliver or the moon in an extremely thin waning gibbous. The object appeared to be anywhere from 10 to 20 feet long. The object was traveling we estimated around 15 to 20 mph. And it flew very smoothly gliding effortlessly through the air. The object was gliding straight past us and then made a twenty degree turn. We slowly watched the object in awe as it slowly flew out of our sight. My wife and I watched the object fly past us in amazement and confusion. The entire sighting lasted from 30 seconds to 1 minute until the craft disappeared from view. At the time we lost sight of the object it was heading West towards Tampa. As outlandish as this sounds the object's luminous/shimmering appearance seemed to resemble a "cloaked starship" in Star Trek or the cloaked Predators in the Predator movies. It did not have the herky jerky flying motion of a bird or the loud sounds a plane or other recognizable flying craft would make. Seeing this defied all logical explanation to my wife and I. It has now been 2 hours since the sighting and I am in awe thinking of what it could have been. I'm reporting this hoping that somebody else out there in Hillsborough County, the Tampa/St. Pete Area or anywhere tonight saw this obeject. If anyone else saw this please report it
