{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-17 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500057","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59056","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2971,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/057/mufon-5500057.json","updb_database_id":5500057}
{rjl} two multi colored (red and green), circular, hovering objects in the directions of west and east.

I was on a camping trip with 3 other family members on Mt. St. Helens on August 16th, 2014 when we decided to look at the stars in an empty parking lot. The sky was perfectly clear without a cloud in sight. We were just looking around trying to pick out constellations when I saw something that looked like a star, but wasn't a star at around 11:00 pm. From where I was looking, it was positioned fairly close to the top of the mountain (it was in the north part of the sky). It wasn't moving like most ufo sightings, but it wasn't completely still like all the other stars. It looked like it was hovering and it kind of flashed a reddish/greenish color. We had forgotten to bring our telescope that night so it was hard to figure out what it was. We gave up on it and went back to our campsite. The next night, on August 17th, 2014, we went to the same spot again and brought the telescope. The sky was just as clear as the night before. I tried to find the object again so I could use the telescope on it, but it wasn't there anymore. I didn't try to look for it, but about half an hour after we had been there, my dad spotted the object again at about 10:00 pm, but it had moved to the west part of the sky. He finally got the telescope on it and what I saw completely blew me away. The object appeared to be several red and green lights, (about 7-10 of them) in the shape of a circle and it was completely black in the middle. They kind of looked like christmas lights, but they were way too high up in the sky to be anything like that. What was really strange about it was the way it moved. The object stayed in place, but the lights on it moved back in forth, almost like an amoeba. The object continued to get even more mysterious when we saw another one of the exact same description in the exact opposite direction of the sky (east). They were at the same height and everything. I was unable to get a picture of it since it was so far away that you could only see the detail of it through the telescope. It looked like a slightly colored star to the naked eye.
