{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1952-09-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523057","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32933","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2825,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/057/mufon-5523057.json","updb_database_id":5523057}
small/glowing/discoid/approx. 50'diam.

I, younger brother, and mother were awakened by stepdad, when he came home very excited from his late shift at Tinker AFB, where he was stationed then. 1952. Late summer or autumn. Stepdad dragged us all out to see where a UFO had briefly landed, mere blocks from where we lived, near Tinker AFB. All we got to see, aside from the stepdad airman in a highly excited state, was a round area approx. 45-50' across. Grass toasted and depressed evenly. Want to say there were depressions in the ground, but that part is not well remembered. All I really knew just then, was that I and my little brother were eager to get back home for breakfast,and to play with our pet hamsters.

Because the stepdad was teaching me to know and identify all American military and civilian aircraft, I was noting that he kept telling our mother that several of these UFOs had been operating over this nuclear Strategic Air Command Base for many hours that night, causing a great deal of havoc, but mostly they were turning on and off the nuclear weapons, from their hovering positions in the air above. Also that the U.S. Airforce nuclear forces there at Tinker were completely at the mercy and disposal of these UFOs. He was adamant that the Airforce had no power to resist them, or shoot them down, while the UFOs were operating in the area.

I recall it making my mother extremely nervous, and of course we could all see my stepdad, (name moved to FI box) cms 10/28/11 21:13 cst flg, becoming even more excited as he retold the night's events--- but at the time, UFOs just didn't compute in my little brain. 

As I was approximately four years old, it really had little effect on me then, at least as I recall. However, it must have had a profound effect on our stepdad, Richard, as he was always watching the skies after that. I don't know about before this event. 

It is pretty important that the entire staff on Tinker AFB likely saw these UFOs that night. Also, it must be true that numerous civilians also saw them, and had to be curious about them. After all, Tinker is in the middle of Midwest City, Oklahoma, and that is a suburb of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma! A very large city, even in 1952.
