{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-07-01 10:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501057","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58017","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2828,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/057/mufon-5501057.json","updb_database_id":5501057}
{cak} found when catching butterflies caught it in jar then lost it when something poked me in my right hand

In the summer of 1968 I was catching butterflies in the Green-belt across the street from where I lived. When I saw the 1"-1 1/2" diameter craft just above the flowers where I was catching the butterflies. I was in shock and did not believe what I was seeing and just watched it land then took off then move over a foot or so land then take off again.The next time it landed I set the large jar that I was using to catch the butterflies over it when it landed. When it took off again I quickly screwed the lid on the jar. Then I let the craft land in the bottom of the lid. I laid in the grass and just starred at this craft I just caught. When it went to move over it hit the side of the jar it then went bouncing very quickly side to side. To the point I thought it was going to break the jar. I jumped up ran across the street yelling for my dad. I slid the jar under my t-shirt thinking it might calm it down but it just kelp banging the jar back and forth so I opened the jar. Put my hand on top and caught the craft in my bear hand and started to run towards the front door when something poked me in my right palm. The pain of the poke caused me to yell out loud ouch and the craft flew right out of my hand. It did not leave a mark or break the skin. I ran into the house and got my my dad to come out. But because of the small size my dad was unable to pick up the small craft in the sky. I stood there and watched it go up higher and higher until it was out of sight. I still remember that day like it happen today and If I would just have left it in the jar I would had the proof of this small craft.For forty years had not told a soul of that day. But I felt now is the time. I don't care if you read this and think it is just a story. I know it happen I gain nothing by telling my story. I don't want to become famous from telling my story. Just felt now is the time to tell it. I think the craft was better off getting away because if it was caught in the jar and my dad and I took it to the government. They would have killed what ever was inside if there was anything inside it. That I will never know.
