{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-19 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5461057","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100071","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2840,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/057/mufon-5461057.json","updb_database_id":5461057}
{jpg} Orange Ball followed/chased us and turned off our lights in vehicle

That night, my family went to Sebring for the birth of our new baby neice. We live in Fort Pierce and we drove to Sebring. We left Sebring around 11:00 p.m. As we started on our way home, I noticed what I thought was an orange star in the sky. I told my husband " That is a weird looking star, almost looks like a planet". About 45 minutes into our drive home our truck headlights went out all of a sudden. We were in pitch darkness. We pulled over and started it up again and everthing was fine. We continued our drive. About 10 minutes later, my husband said to me " What is that behind us?" I looked behind my seat and I saw this Big, Bright, Orange Ball on the road. It almost looked like one big headlight. A second later, the light had shut off. The way it shut off stunned me. It shut off side to side, like a door, from right to left. I looked back up at the sky and the weird looking star was gone, it was now behind us. I kept looking and the craft lit up so fast and so bright and got closer and closer to us. I closed my eyes. My husband said " Look! Its right above us!" I was terrified. I said to him " You know they can turn off the lights right?". The exact moment I said that, all of our lights had gone off in and outside of the vehicle. The craft started to bounce around to the left of us and then to the right. It was like I was in a dream. Our 2 young daughters were sleeping in the back seat. I was happy they were asleep and not witnessing the terror we were in. A few seconds later, the lights turned back on in our truck. The craft was now above us and I felt like the vehicle was going to just fly away with it. We kept driving. It followed us for what seemed like forever, then we drove up to the street close to Fort Pierce and it was gone. I will never forget that night. My husband says that we were missing time as I dont seem to remember that. He said we had gotten home around 3am. It only takes about 2 hours from where we were to home. I told my my husbands family the next day and it just so happened that his sister went through almost the exact same thing. Orange light and all and on the same road,US-98, but twenty years ago.
