{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-11-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468057","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92562","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2224,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/057/mufon-5468057.json","updb_database_id":5468057}
Event started w/Starr family. RCMP 1chased1 by it. Incredibly clear photos taken.

I had been working as a missionary on the File Hills Indian Reserves. I received first hand testimony of an event involving a UFO from a family I know. Craft was over their house. Incredibly clear photos were taken. Then, driving towards it it approached their car. That spooked them so they drove to the RCMP station in Balcarres. An RCMP officer went back out, following this family. The UFO was in its original location but again, approached the vehicles when they started towards it and followed them at close distance part way back to Balcarres. Many RCMP then converged on the sight after temporarily closing down the rural highway that runs along the Reserve boundary. The RCMP asked for the film from the camera and promised to return the negatives and photos after they developed it. Surprisingly they did and gave my friend 50 copies of the clearest shot , and it was REMARKABLE. I had that copy for many years but have since lost it. I was in BALCARRES a number of years ago and asked about getting another copy. I was told where one is stored. Family members who experienced this encounter still survive. But, I just read an old MUFON report that said the only photos seen by a MUFON investigator were blurry and the RCMP File has disappeared. If I can assist an investigator gather first hand eye witness reports and, if possible, a very clear photo of the UFO, I would be willing to help. In all of these years I1ve never doubted the honesty and reliability of the original witnesses. I think it1s a story that should be better known.
