{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-30 07:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488596","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71046","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2354,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/596/mufon-5488596.json","updb_database_id":5488596}
Saw an object flying side by side with aircraft, then it did a sharp right turn above the plane

I was stood at my backdoor having a cigarette before leaving for work and was looking at the moon. I noticed what I though at first were two aircraft flying in the same direction almost side by side and I thought that they were very close to each other in airspace and that there was no way that Air traffic control would let two aircraft fly on the same path at the same altitude, this now had my full attention as I thought that I was about to witness a mid air crash. However, as I was watching them I noticed that the furthest was actually an aircraft had a vapour trail and the one that was closer to me had no vapour trail and no wings that I could see. It was the same size in length and height as the aircraft and even had the same reflective white colour. The sun was rising behind me and was lighting them up it must have been at the same altitude as the aircraft and as I was watching the object it was sort of jumping slightly ahead of the aircraft but still at the side, it was getting closer and closer and then it did a direct right turn and went above the aircraft. It took a few seconds for it to sink in what I had just seen and first I was unsure, but then quite excited. Unfortunately, the low clouds then obscured my view and I do not know what happened. I was disappointed that I didn't get to see what happened then and where the object went to. This morning I even looked out again at the same time and saw the aircraft on its own on the same flight path and nothing else was around in the sky, which made my sighting even more mysterious and exciting. There was not enough time to get my phone to film this, I would have missed the whole thing.
