{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-23 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518596","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38496","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2663,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/596/mufon-5518596.json","updb_database_id":5518596}
A illuminated circular green light in the clear sky falling at an angle and absolutely no noise disappeared in single tree top.

My daughter and I were sitting on lawn chairs at approximately 920pm on Wednesday May 23rd, 2012 in the back yard by the back fence line. We were talking about the spirit plane being just about 3ft off the ground. Then we saw it, the falling green circular light. 

There is a field that starts about 30ft directly behind the fence and then further back at the edge of the field there is a small river surrounded by a treeline that is approximately 1,000 feet back from our fence. There are some trees to each side of the back fence to the north and south just behind the backyard fence. The trees were approximately 25ft (diagonal) from us on either side. The trees are about 40ft to 60ft tall. We were facing east.

Out of nowhere a green circular light (in between Kelly green and lime green color) approximately 75-80ft above us and 25ft from where we were sitting, it appeared to be just a little smaller then the size of a soccer ball and came down at an angle and disappeared behind the top of the tree to the north. It did not illuminate the area around it and the only illumination was the circle object itself. However on each side of the circle there were two very small tails of light as it fell that were red/green fade. None of it lit the sky around it which made it even really more perplexing. No in between color it appeared as red directly on top of green. There was absolutely no noise at all. It was really close to our proximity. 

I wish I could draw the shape for you on this page that accurately shows the side small red/green trail. I tried with paint program but its too inaccurate. It wasnt scary it was more like did we really just see that???? And what the heck was it?? Why didn't it make noise? And why did it just disappear at the top of the tree? Shouldnt we have seen it below the bottom limbs of the tree in the field? If it was a meteor wouldnt it have made some sound if it did hit the ground in the field?
