{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-11-01 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283596","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119841","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3074,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/596/mufon-5283596.json","updb_database_id":5283596}
Boomerang Shaped Crafts

When I was 17 standing in my back yard at night smoking a cigarette, incognito from my parents, I had this sudden feeling to look up and I did. There flying over me were 3 boomerang shaped craft flying in a V formation. Very much like what you might see of conventional aircraft flying in formation. They were black against the overcast sky flying under the cloud cover. In fact I only saw them because they were black against a dirty gray overcast near winter sky. They had no discernable features. They had no lights, they made no sound, and they were moving very slowly. No lights, no sound, non ballistic speed. I live next to Trenton AFB in Canada, the biggest air base in Canada and I am very used to seeing conventional, and even some unconventional terrestrial made craft flying over. I've lived here for over 38 years and what I saw defied my experience. And given the characteristics of what I saw there is no possible way they could be conventional air craft of terrestrial. NO possible way. Had a flying wing been flying over at that altitude the ground would have shaken because of their jet engines. They were only I'd say 150 to 200 ft above me. They were flying so slow that had they been fighter or bomber craft they would have fell right out of the sky. They were I'd say about the size of a fighter air craft like an F14. I filed a report with you a couple years back already, but I lost my nerve about the whole thing. Well now I could just shout this experience off a mountain top to the world and say "Hey! This is for real people! We need to make some changes!!!" Drawing for you what I saw is no problem. You asked me that before and I kinda brushed it off. More of that lost nerve. It would not be a difficult sketch as they were shaped very much like boomerangs. Rounded shaped tips on the "wings." And no other discernable features.

Y'know, the question as to whether or not there is life out there is not a question for me and hasn't been since that day. And we have to get people to believe and above all else understand this fact, and conduct ourselves accordingly. And as long as we are playing with nukes and polluting our planet we could be perceived as a threat to any and all species we share the universe with. They may see us, as I would see us were I them, as a possible threat and a cancer to the universe.

I am available any time and date to discuss this with anyone interested in investigating this further.
