{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-05-01 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486596","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73102","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2851,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/596/mufon-5486596.json","updb_database_id":5486596}
{nd} Bifurcated Event, First Saw Craft at Distance, Craft Landed Out of View, Saw Strange Creatures in Woods, Later Awakened By Red Light, Observed Heavy Winds, No Sound

I was in front of my house, returning home with my friend after a walk. I was about ten-years-old. My family lived in the woods in western South Dakota. I saw an aircraft-like object that was diamond in shape. At first I thought it was a plane because we lived near an Air Force base, but it wasn't like any plane I had ever seen before: it was flying sideways in a vertical diamond shape, which drew our attention. The craft seemed to hover. We watched it for a while. It came closer to us and lowered in elevation. Then, it disappeared over the horizon. We chatted for a while about it, and several minutes later I saw two tall, dark shapes emerging from the woods in the direction from where the UFO disappeared. They were taller than humans, approximately 15 feet, skinny, dark-toned. I couldn't make out any features. I was scared so I ran into the house; my friend didn't see them but followed me into the house, scared by my abrupt, terrified departure. This occurred at approximately 10:00 PM. 

Later, at 1:00 AM, I was alone in my room. I was reading in bed and listening to the radio. I went to sleep, turned off my light, and almost as soon as I turned off my light and got back into bed a red glowing light emerged from behind the blinds of my room's window. I was curious to see what was causing it, so I, remaining in bed, reached for the blind and pushed a few blind slots apart. It looked very blustery outside: debris was flying around, the trees were shaking. However, I couldn't hear a sound, and normally I could hear wind very clearly in that bedroom. The entire sky appeared dullish red. All of the objects outside also appeared red, as if there were a red lens over everything. I looked through the blinds for a literal second, maybe two, and then closed them in fear. Almost as soon as I stopped looking the red light disappeared. I remained awake for the rest of the night, until dawn.     

Since this occurred, on several occasions I have woken up in strange locations inside my house and, one time, in the backyard. I did not know how I had gotten there.
