{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-05-01 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466596","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94094","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2886,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/596/mufon-5466596.json","updb_database_id":5466596}
{cak} did not actually see a UFO...only experienced lights, sound, loss of time

I was unsure of how to answer some of the questions as this is more an experience as it is a sighting. This is my experience: Sometime in the late spring/early summer of 1988, I experienced the following: 

I was at home alone with my two children, ages 3 and 6 months. My spouse was working the night shift. It was late. The children were sleeping.  The best I can remember, it was about 10:30 p.m. when I laid down in my bed. I was watching television, and remember dozing off. I was awakened by a terrible buzzing sound in the back of my head. Almost a throbbing pulse sound that got louder and louder to the point that I wanted it to just stop! I opened my eyes and tried to move but I could not. However, I was able to turn my head to my right to look at the time1I remember seeing 2:30 on the clock. But in looking at the clock, I saw a hazy, but bright green light at my window. Then the whole room was the same color. I remember feeling as if I was 1floating1 above the bed. I remember closing my eyes and telling my self over and over again 1I don't want to die, I don1t want to die1.  The next thing I remember is looking over again at the window, no light, no buzzing sound, and I could move. I looked at the clock1it was now 6 a.m. and day light was breaking.  

I was so frightened, the first thing I did was turn on my bedroom light, the hallway light and my daughter1s bedroom light. I picked her up out her bed and sat down in a corner with her, afraid to move. I finally put her back in her bed, checked in on my son who was still sleeping. I turned on every light in the house. I went out the back door to my bedroom window and looked for footprints. (why?) Nothing. 

My spouse came home and I told him about what happened. I know he realized I was truly frightened. I even looked in the phone book to see if I could report this to someone (but who?) 

It bothered me so badly that I had my neighbor come to my house every evening for approximately 2 days because I was scared. 

I ended up telling my daughter1s doctor (a geneticist) about my experience. We concluded that maybe I had a seizure or maybe I was exhausted and had sleep paralysis? 

This event has bothered me to this day.
