{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-22 21:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492596","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66935","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2865,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/596/mufon-5492596.json","updb_database_id":5492596}
{rjl} Black, Massive, Triangular Shape, Reflected No Light, Completely Black, Looked like it was 2 floors, so large!

Hi, can't believe what I am feeling right now. I have goose bumps and chills down my spine.
Was it the government, UFO, CIA?? What did I just see?? I reported it to the Manalapan NJ Police Department and the cops think I'm crazy. They said "Sorry Mame we cannot do anything about it", REALLY! Something is flying over my head in our air space and you cannot do anything about it? 
Did they not know about it? Maybe they do.
Well here is what happened.
I was visiting my parents in Manalapan NJ, It was around 9:50 pm on June 22, 2015. I was leaving and as I was packing my car I thought I saw a bat or bird in the sky from the corner of my eye, I turned and looked closer to see this thing flying towards me as it got closer it got larger in size.
It was massive about 300 feet wide and 400 feet long, extremely dark black, triangular, shape that looked as if it was a shadow because it reflected no light. I could see the shape of this object so clearly, I couldn't believe what my eyes were really seeing. There were no lights anywhere on this flying triangular shaped object. It was so very dark, scary, and very creepy, like a bat mobile flying over my head. Unreal !

My dad was coming out of the house and I kept yelling to him to look above over his head, this thing came up Madigan Lane from Pease Rd to (northeast) then hovered over my head for a few seconds then went southeast towards Longbow Drive. Over their house. So strange it had no lights, and moved so quickly and changed directions on a dime. A few hours later, I am trying to make sense of it all. I don't know who to tell and who needs to know but someone needs to hear of what I just saw. I don't take things like this lightly as I am so freaked out at the moment. 
I hope some answers start to surface soon and I hope I wasn't the only one that saw it this evening.
It's a scary thought that no one is aware of what is thing traveling in our airspace at night at 9:50pm, in Manalapan, Nj??

Here is a sketch of what I saw in the sky, I drew it as soon as I got home.
