{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-08 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514596","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43612","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3179,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/596/mufon-5514596.json","updb_database_id":5514596}
{dr}HUGE Black Triangle

I was living in Emigrant Gap in the Sierra Nevadas about 1 1/2 hours east of Sacramento, which is right at one mile in elevation. Im now down at the 2450 foot level. 

I was outside dealing with a rogue black bear tearing things up in back of the house that I was the Property Caretaker for. Once I fired off a shot, it got frightened and ran off. I stood there for at least a half an hour stargazing while making sure the bear had indeed taken off. Because of the moon, I had to look around to see what stars I could, especially the Orion constellation. While doing so, my attention was taking away from Orion as I saw something not quite right that shouldnt have been there. As I was able to focus in on it, I realized that I was looking at a huge black triangular object. I saw the outline quite clearly, and each of the three corners had a bright red light. I heard nothing at all. It was just there, hovering. 

This was not my first time seeing one of these crafts. We see them off and on up here. But it was by far the closest Ive ever personally been to one. Ive read reports and have seen photos of them that suggest theyre about a mile across from one corner to any of the other two corners. I didn't see any discrepancy with that. It was freakin huge! Unfortunately, people pack it in at sunset because theres nothing to do at night here in the mountains and its just too much of a risk because of the wildlife, so I couldnt find anybody the next day that saw something strange the night before. Nobody was outside, and I didn't want to go around telling people that I saw a UFO, just some friends that I knew I could trust.

The one thing that just about all of us here in the mountains agree on is the existence of Sasquatch. Weve all seen them more than once and just accept their existence as a natural thing. We sometimes see them as were in the mountains gathering firewood for the upcoming winter. However, weve got large chainsaws in our hands, and usually a pistol on our side or a rifle close at hand for protection from bears and mountain lions. Holding or carrying around a camera or camcorder is not something thats very feasible for us to do. I believe theres a correlation. There have been animal mutilations throughout the Gold Country. 

Anyway, Im no longer in need of going to the mountains for firewood, so Im determined to have my camera with me a lot more often from now on. I don't know how much good a little HP digital camera will do at night and from far distances, but well see. Who knows?

Thanks for your time.

Al
