{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-10-13 12:57:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465177","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95612","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2946,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/177/mufon-5465177.json","updb_database_id":5465177}
{rjl} Object 1, white changed shapped Objects 2-3, White spheres

It was really clear, bright and beautiful Saturday afternoon. I was sitting outside enjoying the weather. I was working on something, when I just so happened to look up from my front porch, and there was this white object heading my direction. I first thought it was a very odd balloon, but then it changed its shape right before it got just about directly over my home it slowed down, stopped and hovered. There was a little breeze but balloons do not hover, which this thing did for maybe a few minutes the first time and then 2 or 3 mintues the second time. It started slowly moving towards the back of my home directionally then it stopped again and hovered. A few seconds later a commercial airplane flew by and the object just stayed locked in position. During this time my dog whom just had a procedcure down earlier in the week was going banannas barking non stop, so were the other dogs on my street. I did have some ringing in my ears but not untill it was hovering almost directly over my home, i did feel a little nauseous though during that time. Before it turned and started heading East. Upon reviewing the footage there were at leat 2 maybe 3 different sphere shaped things.You will have to slow the video down to be able to see them in the 5 second video. I mean balloons do not hover and take right angle turns, right? I did have some ringing in my ears that lasted maybe 5 minutes. I was trying to free up some space on my phone, so I could get a much better picture, which took less than a minute and when I looked back it the werid much bigger object had vanished and the 3 sphere looking objects as well. I went out today around the same time to see if I could see it, if by chance was still there or came back and it wasnt.
