{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-02 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529177","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26358","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2467,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/177/mufon-5529177.json","updb_database_id":5529177}
Two Triangle Shaped objects with 3 soft white lights at the point

At about 12:45 to 1:15am I was outside walking the dog. It was a perfectly clear nite and we had a new moon so the skies were dark and the stars were very visable. For some reason I had a gut feeling that I was going to see something strange for about 2 days prior. Anyway, while looking at the stars I was thinking I was going to see a shooting star. After about 10 minutes or so looking straight up in the sky I saw something twinkling out of the corner of my eye so I kept looking even though it was very cold out side. 

As I looked in all directions of the sky I could not see a plane or helicoptor and noticed how calm and quiet it was outside. Then I looked over top of my apartment building away from the Germantown Library I noticed 2 perfectly shaped triangles side by side with 3 round soft white lights one at each point in the triagle. The objects moved in a straight line. I coulc not see any metal or other detailing and there wasn't any clouds in the sky to determine the height of the ufos. It tooked the ufos only 5 to 8 seconds to cross the nightime sky until I could not see them anymore. It would have taken a regular airplane at least 1 to 2 minutes to travel that far. 

I know that this was not an airplane because there was no audible sound from the craft and also the rate of speed was faster than imajinable. About 5 minutes later I saw a shooting star and 2nd white round object that made a cursive pattern in the sky. Not sure what the that was. 

The 2 UFOS as they traveled kind of had a shadow of soft light as they went by in the night time sky. I can not explain what other type of craft this could have been. I also can not explain why I felt 2 days prior in my my gut that I was going to see something strange. It is almost like I was ment to see this phenomenal event.
