{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-06-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522177","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33907","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3436,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/177/mufon-5522177.json","updb_database_id":5522177}
Observed object following geometric path, object descended and chased us watched object hover over tree, end of sighting obscured from memory.

I was working on my car in the parking lot of my Fathers garage with a friend, it was about midnight, I was under the car and Fred was under the hood, as I pulled myself out from under the car to get something (I was on my back facing the sky)I spotted a bright light, no bigger than the surrounding stars, but it was making a zig-zag pattern across the sky and traversed about 1/4 mile in about 2 seconds, it then lowered at about light speed to about 1500 ft. zipped back to its original starting point (500 ft. lower) and did it again.
Fred and I watched this thing do this 2 more times untill it was at about 500 ft, we could then discern a shape of the thing, It was white and was comprised of three equally sized spheres connected in a triangle by 3 tubes.
as the craft did its pattern again it veered from the pattern and began to fall toward us as a leaf would from a tree, somewhat erratic but controlled, we fled like scared mice and ran toward the street (about 100yds. from my Dads parking lot) we tried to get two other people to just look up and they would have seen it too but both would not. 
We watched the craft hover above a tree in the yard of a house next to the IGA store where we had ran to.
I could have hit the thing with a rock, it was an irridescent white, (Like the inside of a clam shell) each sphere was approx. 20ft. in dia. and each sphere was approx. 10 ft. from each other the thickness of the tubes was about 4-5 ft. I am quite sure of the measurements as I have worked construction all of my life, and having been in the Navy I am quite sure of the altitudes also.
We both remember watching this thing above the tree, the entire episode lasted about 20 minutes (to our memory) but niether of us remember going back to the car, we did end up there though and our last recollection is that it was about 3:30 am.
I have watched shows of yours and similar ones as well, I have not seen any other descriptions of this craft in recent years, but I have seen it in the distant past, there was a woman (in Oregon I Believe) on a similar show who actually painted portraits of the same craft.
If you have no interest in this sighting can you at least put me in touch with someone who has seen the same thing, the afforementioned woman had an up-close and personal encounter, and I srtrongly believe that we have also.

And last but not least, please take this seriously, we have wanted information about this most of our lives, we know what we saw! we know it wasnt from around here! we just want some answers, or to speak to someone who saw the same thing.
Thank you very much.
You may contact me for further information if you wish at the number or e-mail I disclosed.
