{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488177","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71473","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3927,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/177/mufon-5488177.json","updb_database_id":5488177}
{cak} Bright blue volleyball size sphere moving slowly

My apologies as I do not remember exactly when this occurred as it was several years ago. It was between late spring and early summer of 2008. It was between 2200 and 2300 hours on a clear night. I was sitting on my back steps having a cigarette as we were living in a rental home at the time and smoking was not permitted in the house. I was with my son and his friend both of whom were 17 or 18 years of age. I was sitting on the steps facing the back yard, the boys were standing in front of me facing me and the house. It was a very quiet evening. As this was a weeknight, our neighbors were in for the night. Out of the corner of my eye to my left I noticed a bright light behind my neighbors home. The home is next to mine but not attached, we shared a driveway. The light was a bright blue sphere about the size of a volleyball. It was approximately 20 feet from us.  I was at a loss for words (unusual for me)! Lol. When I became quiet both boys turned to see what I was looking at. They also saw it. It was approximately 5 feet off the ground just above a fence. There was no sound. No flashing lights. Just this beautiful, bright blue glowing ball floating across my neighbors yard. We kept our gaze on it, none of us speaking. We watched it slowly float across the yard towards the homes behind ours. When it reached the trees it floated up higher into the air going up and over the homes and simply disappeared from sight. No explosion of light or sound, just gone. The event only lasted a few minutes, 3 at best. When it was gone, we all continued to stare at the top of the homes where we had last seen it, wondering if it would come back. I broke the silence first saying "you both saw that, right"? Both boys turned back to face me and emphatically said "oh yeah"! At this point we were all rather excited to say the least. None of us felt any fear. None of us could believe what we had just seen! We stayed out there for about another 30 minutes talking excitedly, but honestly, quite perplexed!! We were excited, confused, stunned and curious. We all agreed we had never before seen anything like it and we're all disappointed in ourselves that none of us had thought to pick up our phones and start snapping pics! We were so stunned at what we were seeing that none of us could have moved for anything. The next day at work I began searching numerous news websites to see if there had been reports of anyone else seeing this activity. I was disappointed when I found nothing. I did a search and found a site to send an inquiry to but never received a response. I do not remember the name of the organization. When I told my Mother about it she said it sounded like sphere lightening. I did a search on that. I found photos of it that slightly resembled this object but nothing very close to it. Once again, it was a clear night and there was no sound. I even checked online with the weather for the that night and found no inclement weather for the area on that night. I had given up on ever learning what it may have been till this evening when I was searching the channel listings and came upon your show. It renewed my interest in learning if what we saw that night has been reported by others. I thank you in advance for your time and consideration.
