{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-04-26 08:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5461177","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"99942","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4396,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/177/mufon-5461177.json","updb_database_id":5461177}
{rjl} UFO entered atmosphere, would flash/strobe while hovering, faded in/out of reality multiple times and flew around. was brighter than the sun.

At around 8:13-8:15 AM I noticed what looked like a meteor falling into the city of Denver whilst on my way into the city using 6th ave. I noticed this "meteor" while driving at around 40-60 mph right before crossing underneath the 6th to I-25 North Overpass. Thinking it was a meteor I returned my attention to the road. However I began noticing a very bright flashing coming from the sky and noticed the UFO flashing. The flashing was VERY bright. The UFO began to slowly move to the right and stopped flashing but slowly got brighter and brighter before eventually becoming as bright if not brighter than the sun then fading out of existence. This whole time the UFO was seemingly rotating, the right side would have been going towards the left. At one point during this movement I believe the UFO tilted its top towards the west (my direction) because I was able to get a good look at the metal shell of the UFO which was reflecting a lot of the light but was seemingly not the source of the brightness. The brightness seemed to be a wall of light in the shape of the UFO(kind of like a sphere surrounding it except at the top) some distance away from the UFO but still close enough that it made the UFO appear as though the UFO was the source of the light at a distance. I was able to determine this effect because when it tilted its top towards me there was no light covering it. I could also see the patterns in the metal shell which was all one piece yet had slight outward "dents" or ridges in it that showed how it was made or poured all at once. Traffic at this point stopped and people were paying attention to this UFO. The UFO then faded back into existence more to the right of where it last was. I believe it moved down at a diagonal angle and then up again (cant remember its exact movements clearly) and continued to travel down(very slightly) and to the right at a slow pace. this whole time it was continuously getting brighter and brighter in a color that is a mix of yellow orange, a lot of platinum/silver and blue with a hint of white in it. it eventually got brighter than the sun and faded out again only to pop back into existence again more to the right from where it last was and higher in the sky but not by much. it then VERY QUICKLY moved more higher in the sky (again only marginally higher and to the right) and to the right where it hovered while it got bright again, then about 1/3rd of the way through its brightness cycleit began slowly moving in a straight line to the right as usual, then it suddenly very quickly moved a small distance to the right then angled itself. it faded out then back in without reaching its maximum brightness and then "disappeared" however this time I could tell that it flew somewhere because for the first milliseconds of its "disappearance" you could see it blur through the sky. then it was gone and never came back. This whole time I saw one plane very low and close to me in the sky and one far and high away from me in the sky. the further one was pretty close to the UFO. The UFO was definitely within the Denver Metro area. It Seemingly was directly over Buckley AFB or a little more to the west of Buckley AFB I have checked a few maps now to see where it would be and Buckley AFB is directly below where the UFO was. the UFO was circular in shape but had a triangular ridge running along the top of it. the ridge from right to left went higher on the craft until about 1/3rd of the way from the left where it met with another ridge that slopped down towards the end of the UFO however at a distance it looked circular at the top and the shape of the entire craft was circular.
