{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-15 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497177","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62194","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2761,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/177/mufon-5497177.json","updb_database_id":5497177}
{dr}multiple orange glowing objects moving south to north

I live in Vallejo Ca. on a hill that provides me with a view of Mare Island, the northern end of the San Francisco bay, and parts of Marin County across the Bay. 
On the evening of Dec. 15, 2014 at approximately 9:15 to 9:30 I was sitting in the front room watching TV. From a nearby window I happened to notice a light moving slowly across the sky. At first I paid no attention because helicopters and planes are ubiquitous in the SF Bay area. Then it occurred to me that this object did not have the blinking lights that are on all planes and helicopters. It was just a round orange glow moving across the sky like some iridescent pumpkin. I got up and went outside onto the front deck. As soon as I got outside it became apparent that there were more than just one of them.  Following behind the first one came another one and then another one and then another one and then more of them. There was a high overcast but beneath the clouds visibility was clear. I ran back into the house and got my wife to come and see. When we got back outside there were even more of them. The spacing between them seemed to be about equal distance (maybe 1/4 mile). They first appeared out over San Pablo bay which is the northern end of San Francisco bay. They were moving slowly in single file from south to north and disappeared behind trees beyond my view. They went in and out of cloud cover and when they were in cloud cover they reflected a brilliant orange glow off the clouds. I've tried to come up with a descriptive analogy and here is the best I could do. As they past through he clouds they looked like a campfire glowing in the distance on a pitch black night. 
I don't know how many there were because I don't know if the first one I saw was the beginning of this procession or somewhere in the middle.  Suffice it to say, there were quite a few. It this point I was kicking myself because I didn't take any pictures. I thought, Oh well, hundreds of other people must have seen this, there will be pictures all over the news. Much to my surprise, I've seen nothing of this event on local news or anywhere else.
