{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-12 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526177","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29529","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2932,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/177/mufon-5526177.json","updb_database_id":5526177}
Bright, star-like object moves quickly west to east, zig-zag/wobbling

I was going up stairs to go to bed, and stopped mid-way on the stairs for a minute to look out the window and up at the sky. The sky was clear, with a not-quite full moon to the south, and I saw several small twinkling stars and a plane in-flight with the usual blinking navigation lights. There are large maple trees across the street from my house, but a good portion of the open sky is visible between the tops of the maples and my vantage point at the window. As I looked at the sky, I spotted what appeared to be a very bright star, as large or slightly larger than the planet Venus would appear. As I looked at it, I realized it was moving and thought maybe it's a satellite. It traveled directly from the west, I guess about as fast as a plane, but this had no blinking lights, and I heard no sound (the window was open slightly, and this being a small town on late Sunday night, you could hear a pin drop). I thought, "how odd" and realized it would fly directly over my house, and if I hurried up the rest of the stairs and into the spare bedroom, maybe I could see it from the window on the east side of the house. So I hurried and got to the window (all the while thinking this is nuts, it's 11:30 and I really need to get to bed). I looked at the sky, expecting to see this object continue on it's way toward the east or northeast, but had to wait 10 or 15 seconds. Suddenly there it was - and as it passed overhead and continued on (and the sky is still clear at this point, and my vantage point is clear - no obstructions) I watched it and realized it was not moving in a smooth/straight fashion. It made slight zig-zag movements to the left and right; I imagined driving my car and rapidly jerking the steering wheel would make the same movement. I have seen satellites move across the sky and I believe they are much faster, smaller and not as bright as this object. And I don't think they move erratically like this thing did. I have seen a number of UFOs before (large moon-like object, small red bullet shapes, disc that made a rapid 90-degree turn) but this type is new to me. The wobbly-ness of it, brightness, and lack of navigation lights/sound made me think - UFO!

I watched it until I could no longer see it because of the trees on the horizon.
