{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-06-01 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493177","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66342","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4441,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/177/mufon-5493177.json","updb_database_id":5493177}
{nd} I was travelling to the Canadian border in the middle of the night with my children. A bright light blinded me, forcing me to pull over to the side twice because I couldn't see the road well.

I believe it was in June of 2008. I and my children were leaving Fairbanks, Alaska and headed by car to the Canadian border to eventually get to the lower 48 states. I had past Tok, Alaska several hours ago, maybe about 4. It was the last town we had come to before we went into a vast area of the Alaskan wilderness where there is absolutely nothing there but wilderness. We had been driving for a while and hadn't passed any other cars on the road, or houses, or anything for that matter that I can recall. It was very late. I believe it was around 3 or 4 in the morning. My children were asleep. My older son was 11 at the time. He was asleep in the front seat next to me. My younger sone was 9 at the time, and he was asleep in the back. I don't remember how the light appeared or where it came from. I don't remember it appearing period. But i found myself suddenly looking at a very bright light in the middle of the road. It was extremely bright. It was only one light. It looked like it was smack in the middle of the road up ahead. My first thought was that it was a vehicle that only had one headlight working, and obviously must have had its brights on. I would say it appeared to be about 150 to 200 feet ahead of us. I slowed down my speed because it was blinding me. I assumed that we would be passing each other soon on the road. I eventually pulled over to the side of the road to let this thing pass me. Because not only was I blinded, but also it looked as though, again, it was partly in my lane. However, we never did; it never passed me. I then thought it was a broken down vehicle, and further away then I first estimated, because I kept thinking, surely I should have passed it already or it should have passed me. I started to drive again when I realized this thing was not going to be passing me. I started to drive. Again, it looked as though it was a big semi about to plow us over, so I pulled over a second time to let it by. This time I tried to awaken my older son in the front seat. I wanted him to see this light and help me figure out what it was, or just simply tell me what he saw. I was very tired and had been driving for many hours and thought maybe I was not seeing straight. I couldn't come up with any other explanation, for all other rational explanations were quickly being depleted. I could not awaken my older son, so I began to shake my younger child in the back. He too would not awaken. At this time I started to freak out slightly and get a little scared. The light is not making sense to me, and my children surely would have awoken to my shaking and my voice that had to of sounded a little worried and unusual to them. I then had a thought that I'm out here in the middle of nowhere, with my kids in a car, STOPPED on the side of the road. I thought that this could be a set-up, a trick, and someone could be approaching us right now while I'm just sitting here. So, despite my almost inability to drive and see the road because of the blinding, I again pulled onto the road and started driving out of fear of being stationary. Again, we never passed "the car", "the semi", "the train coming down the middle of the road", or whatever it was. We never got closer to it, never passed it, and it never pulled away or off the road. It seemed to always be the same distance from us, and right smack in front of us, regardless of how much distance I drove, or regardless of any turns or bends in the road. And then, just as it was "just there" and I don't recall it appearing or how it appeared or when it appeared, now it was just gone. And now I was driving ahead as though nothing was ever there.
