{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-01 02:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519177","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37766","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5120,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/177/mufon-5519177.json","updb_database_id":5519177}
I am being visited by hundreds of entities, objects, orbs, beings, ufos

Beginning November 2011 (don't laugh) I built a radio from a quartz crystal and my high frenquency ships radio on my sailboat...and through focusing my frequency I asked UFOs, inter-dimensional beings, ETs and beings that are here to help the planet come join me on/in my sailboat to help me heal the world. There is a lot more to this, as "just believed they were there" and "thanked them for their time and for coming." 

After about two months of calling them through my radio and then "holding a healing service for the world," I was directed to begin photographing the inside of the boat...and to my surprise, there were many beings, orbs, "things that I cannot explain" and phenomenon of all kinds showing up in the photos. After a while, some of these things began to be visible to my naked eye.

Soon "I was told" that the inside of the boat had become too crowded" and that "they" had moved outside. In short, I believe that I opened up a portal to another or several other dimensions...but that is not the point. I knew what I was doing and I knew what I expected to happen and it did.

I asked beings and UFOs and entities and "things" from many dimensions to come and help me pray for the world (again don't laugh...as the photos speak for themselves). "We" held a "service" for one hour every single day for five months...and every single day many unusual beings and UFOs and entities came and either I assisted them or they assisted me. Soon, "they" allowed me to take their pictures. And within three months...thousands of beings and "universes" of all kinds began showing up in, on, around the boat.

It will be difficult for me to describe each photo (as I need to do) in this forum. So, someone from Mufon please contact me with an email address to send the photos and the descriptions to. I will include a few photos...but here is the point:

"They" came to my boat because I asked them to...and they kept coming back because I thanked them for taking time out of their busy schedules and for helping us here on earth. We are not alone. We have a lot of help...if we ask and if we are appreciative. Further, these beings are very real as you can clearly see by the shadows they cast. But more interesting is the fact that our physical reality is a tiny pin prick of the incredible reality that exists in other dimensions...and I have been allowed to pier into those realities. I guess they showed themselves to me so I can share with the world that "they are here." "They are here to help." "They are very, very real."

I will be happy to share my extensive collection of photos with anyone who requests...and share the rest of the story. I am putting a website together and will have my photos, experiences and story online soon.

Most of the photos are self-explanitory. However, the photo of me up on top of the sailboat mast-you will need to look for the black object just below me and to the right of me in the base of the clouds and bring that object in by blowing up the photo. My experience with these UFOs is that they are either drones or some different type of life form...a living entity very different than an organic life form we are used to seeing on earth. Anyway...this guy came around a lot.

As for the black/greyish being that is in the photos...most of him is sort of in my refridgerator. I have two photos of him. He is very real as noted by the shadows cast on the floor and walls.

As for the rest of the rockets and tiny universes and energy beings and light orbs and UFOs (those are the bright lights in the busy photos)-that will take a lot of explaining...some of the phenomenon I could clearly see with my naked eye and some was/is (I still have the phenomenon around me) when I photographed them. 

Note: the first photo of the orb inside my boat was the beginning. If you load this photo on your computer and blow it up and look around, you can find over 25 light entities in just this one photo...and this is just the very beginniing. Subsquent photos have hudreds. Please let me know where to send the rest of the photos. Enjoy.
