{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1963-11-15 05:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483177","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76759","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2467,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/177/mufon-5483177.json","updb_database_id":5483177}
{dr}Had paper route, 5:30 AM went to shed for bike bright outside unusual was it. Full moon? Looked up no moon just bright orb above neighbors house

Had early morning paper route.The Hartford Courant papers had to be delivered by 6 AM. It was a cold November morning, I could see my breath. Walked from house to the shed to get my bike (about 15 feet.) Noticed the moon must be full because it was really bright and thought I would look after I got my bike. Once it was out I decided to look at the moon. Looking toward the light source I freaked out. It wasn't the moon at all! There above my neighbours 2 story house not more than 30 feet away was a very large round craft of unknown origin. I quickly ran to the side of the shed to hide. After less than a minute I thought if something could build that thing it could have zapped me by now. So I decided to look at it full on. Looking up I was amazed and frightened at the same time. It sat there motionless. Trying to get an idea of its size I looked around for something to compare it to and a telephone pole caught my eye and it was a good fit for the diameter of the craft. Watching for a few seconds more a semicurcular band of light appeared on the bottom red in color then another band appeared orange in color displacing the red (red remained above), then another color appeared in turn I think blue, the craft took on the colors of the band's as they appeared,there was no sound as it ascended moving slow at first but picked up as the band's went faster, in all once it started to move and as the band's went faster the craft went faster going straight up into the heavens and disappearing from sight.(about 5 seconds at speed) I was 13 years old then and am 65 now. This is the first time I have publicly told this true story, to avoid ridicule on a story that was not accepted by people in the early sixties.
