{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-15 20:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528915","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26632","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2911,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/915/mufon-5528915.json","updb_database_id":5528915}
Saw trangle shaped object with rounded (radiused) rear corners fly straight over the top of me. Three rectanglar white lights down the middle.

I was driving my truck south on West Avon Rd in Farmington. I noticed what I thought was an aircraft pretty low in the sky coming straight at me. I noticed that it appeared to be low in the sky - lower than other aircraft that I see in this area as they approach Bradley Airport 16 miles, or so to the north. Because of this it caught my attention, and it looked a little different than other plane I have seen from the distance I was viewing it, perhaps 3/4 of a mile away at first. I continued to drive south with anticipation that I would get a better look at it as it passed over near me. I got to the light at Rt 4. The object was now hidden behind trees. I turned left on to RT 4 and looked out my right side window. I picked up the object again. It was about to pass over my truck. I pulled off the road and stuck my head out the left window. I saw a rather faint outline of a triangle shape. At first I thought it was triangular. I sort of cleared my eyes and stared again - it was straight over the top me. I confirmed that it, indeed, was a triangle shape. The rear two angles were a rounded radius shape. Now I switched my concentration to the pattern of lights on the bottom. This is when I realized I was looking at something very different. There were 3 rectangular, rather large, lights spaced apart going along the bottom center of the object. They did not broadcast light, they just seemed to be illuminated. If the object was 25 feet wide at the rear (widest part) these lights were like 5 or 6 feet wide and 4 feet the other direction. There were 2 small strobe-like white lights on each side of the craft (perhaps half-way along the edge of the triangular side). And there was one red light located somewhere along the center. Towards the front, I think.

The object was moving a constant rather slow speed. It kept moving north in a straight line until it was out of my sight. When it was straight over me it was the size of a half dollar held out at arms length. My guess is that the object was about 800 feet above me, but I'm not sure. No sound. I feel this may have been a secret government aircraft. Can't rule out it may have been something else.
