{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-11 12:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475915","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"84352","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3072,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/915/mufon-5475915.json","updb_database_id":5475915}
{cak} Mother ship as long as 10 football filled or more. Smith ships look smiled to mother ship.

I was at home, just like last year this time. I had gone out side to check on the solar and put the panels down. As I began to move towards the generator I felt they where and I could hear them in my mind. I looked up immediately and that's when, I saw the first ship moving into position. Then it moved straight up into the mother ship. I ran in and got my Canon 60D EOS camera and began taking pictures. I watched and took pictures of 7 ships moving over the valley and cloaking them selfs same as clouds. I have I hope on my camera them despising something in the air. That came from the mother ship herself. No I now I do. The mother ship backed up. I also watched 5 ship line up and reinter her. Then she left leaving a dark line behind her. To others it would look like a cloud but it was not. When the ship mover it was fantastic to watch how not only the clouds moved and rolled under her belly, but the propulsion movement was slow and not a sound. Two ship where left behind, I saw them when I went back out to turn on the generator. I know they will be back. I have over 2000 pic of them. I tried to get the mother ship on video, but the lighting was so bad I couldn't. I did get too of the ship one upside down and the other docked close to it upright.
What do they look like, silver gray in color. At the front of the ship 3 sharp points that could destroy another vessels if rated. It would shredded the hull of any other vessels. The small vessels had the same front end. If they decide to do battle we are f--k. That's a fact. There not afraid of us at all. I am not afraid of them at this time ither. This very high in gold and silver. I have pictures of what I call sky drilling. Because that's what's it looks like there doing. 
The reason I have not sent you pictures is one I can't download them on to my laptop yet. I do not have enough room and I don't have them equipment I need yet. I will have more money to get this done soon. I am also copyright ingredients all of them. I take care of my father whom has Dementia, I stay home and lot.
 6/12/17. As I took a brake from putting this report in I knew I need to go out side with my camera and the there they where. I got great video this time. Two mother ships and another large one, ships coming and going and one leaving. OMG Noel has ever seen this many ships ever. It's 9:30 pm and there still here.
