{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-07-22 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466915","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93762","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3353,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/915/mufon-5466915.json","updb_database_id":5466915}
{rjl} UFO was hovering above house will I saw it, i approached it slowly and it slowly hovered away while slowly gaining speed

It was around 10-11pm when I was walking my friend home, after I dropped her off at her house I turned around a started to walk back to my house. I walked a few feet from her house when from the corner of my eye I saw something hovering above a house. I've always been a skeptic of ufo and other paranormal stuff so when I first saw it i thought it might be a helicopter but I didn't hear any propeller noise so I thought maybe a small airplane but no airplane can hover a house without falling from the sky and I didn't hear any engine noise either, so I got curious so I decided to get close. This happened in Madera CA, next to a small drive-in which is next to a few homes. As I walked slowly close to the hovering object I realized what I was seeing. This object was just hovering over this blue house that I always passed by. I was no further than 100-150ft from the hovering object, just on the corner of the drive-in. I got close because i wanted to see every possible detail, it was the shape of a flying saucer, it must have been 36-40ft in length, 7-10ft in height with a dull silver metallic exterior, it had a glass dome but i couldnt see inside and also what seemed to be a flat dome on the bottom, around to saucer where these white lights that might have been a 1-1 1/2 feet in diameter. I started getting closer and it or they might have seen me because they slowly started to hover away, I walked faster to stay right next to it but it just kept gaining speed, it turned the corner of the entrance to the drive-in but when I got there it was about 400-500ft away and gaining height and speed. It flew just over a near by park and over a freeway next to the park. I ran home the tell anyone what had happened,my mom was still awake and I explain what I had seen but without telling her it had gone towards the park and over the freeway. She laughed and said i was crazy. At that moment my mom was currently on the phone with her boyfriend, he must have asked what I had said because she told him everything I had said. At that moment my mom asked that if it had gone over the freeway and I stared and said "yes,why?" She told me because her boyfriend had just seen it fly over the freeway a few minutes prior. I was around 15 or 16 yes a the time and dint have a phone or camera with me but after seeing this UFO I am a believer and don't go anywhere without my phone or camera. I live a town over now But there's not a single day that i dont pass by there that I don't think to myself what may have or is happening to that person without them knowing and if I where to tell them what I saw would they even believe me.
