{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-13 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524915","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30895","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3416,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/915/mufon-5524915.json","updb_database_id":5524915}
Bright orange lgiht descending slowly into the trees

It was August 13th, a group of 6 were out in my brothers back field watching the Perseid meteor sprinkle (shower). Had been out there about 1-1/2 hours, saw about 10 meteors. Not a great showing with the full moon. We were just about to give up for the night; I stood up still staring at the sky hoping to see a straggler meteor. Then saw an orange-yellow light.... like a very very bright star. I told the others. At this time one of the six people had returned to the house, but there were still two adults, two 17 year old kids and one 12 year old. At first I thought it was a plane but the light never blinked. We all saw the object, I thought it was slightly oval, my brother thought it was a round light; my son thought it was slightly oval. My nephew (the 12 year old) thought he saw the actual lights, he described it as having yellow light bulbs hanging from the bottom1 no one else thought that, maybe he has the best eye sight, or the best imagination. It slowly descended behind some trees, not straight up and down, but at a (maybe) 15-20 degree angle1 again, very slow. We could see it behind the trees here and there, for about one minute, and then it was so low we finally lost sight. We waited for about a half hour, to see if it ever ascended (it never did). It was due north; there are no airports anywhere near then1 nothing but the small town of Farmington. My brother estimates it was about a mile and half away. I have no idea, I1m not a good judge of distance when I have no idea how big the objects was1 to us, it appeared about the size of a pea.
 We are about 30 minutes from the Pease International Trade port (previously the Pease AF Base. There was an Air show during the afternoon (and again this afternoon) but the airport is in the complete opposite direction. There were planes out and about, but they were very clearly airplanes1 blinking lights, and most were close enough to hear the engines. This would appear to have been closer, but no sound what-so-ever. 

Earlier when still watching for meteors, we saw about 5 other unidentified objects slowly moving across the sky. These were all like tiny distant stars, that were moving across the sky. All different directions, opposite of the meteors, some even appeared to be coming straight down. I have seen satellites through binoculars before, they were similar but the light was random as the sun caught them1 these objects didn1t seem to blink or dim (until they were lost in the light of the moon). These were like tiny stars, even appeared to be as far away as the stars but we know they could not have been. I really would have thought them to be satellites if they appeared to be tumbling but they were not. 

Please let me know if you have any questions.  
Take care
