{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-06-10 07:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530915","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24547","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3228,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/915/mufon-5530915.json","updb_database_id":5530915}
Cylinder object, silver, no wings, no sound over restricted air space.

Main Army installation in Central Texas. Restrited Airspace.
Date: 10 June 2010 Eary daylight sighting
Approx time: 7:45 - 8:00am

Personal background: Vertran, Navy Sonar Supervisor.Perform services as Simulation Tech Aviation since seperation. Army instalation Central Texas.
As a side note, I am surroundined by aviation and easily reconizeable aircraft both day and night.

On the morning of 10 June I walked out of the building I work in to get get some air and reflect on the early morning chaotic activity. The only area that has doors and windows is the front area of this building. It has a approx. SW footprint when exiting the main entrance. 

After I walked through and beyond the entrance from the building, I panned the surrounding area both ground and sky. As I turned and looked to NE ( more easterly ) I noticed a very bright star looking light. I found that odd because it seemed intensely bright. At first I thought an unuaslly clear bright morning star?? The building I work in has lighting rods around its outer perimiter. As I watched this bright light ( myself remaining stationary ) it had movement across the sky against the rod.

The sky was mostly clear. Some whispy broken cloud masses were visable. It had an apperance as a fixed wing aircraft on a approch pattern at night.
Very bight as it approched.

As I watch this aircraft/objet travel from approx. NE to SW direction it beacame clear to me that this wasn't the usual aircraft seen around here.
I asked one of the personell in the building to come out and look.
I point out the object to this person but because he is near sighted and was not wearing his classes he couldn't make out the details I was talking about. At this point is was about at an apex to our location.

This person cannot or will not collarate this event.

This object remained on a straight and steady path for the duration.

Estimated size: C130 aircraft ( fusalage only )
Estimated altitude given visual conditions: 1500 - 4000 ft. agl
Estimated speed: 300 - 500 kts
Apperance: cylider, silver. No wings, no tail rudder, no propusion sound,
no rotor and no propeller visable. Mid legnth it had what appeared to be windows or some type of black banding.

Conlusion by this witness: Based on that fact that this can be a high traffic area,I speculate that nobody else in the immedidiate area would expect to see or question what I witnessed/saw. Unless I ran running around like a chicken with my head cut off.

After all my years of hearing about these kinda things I am really stumped.
