Case No. 1825 20102022

Date: December 23, 2021.

Approximate Time: 14:52 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Winter (Northern Hemisphere).

Witnesses: A. P. H. R., 59 years old.

Description: On Wednesday, October 19, 2022, the informant wrote to the SEFAA stating that she was trying to submit a report through the web platform and was experiencing difficulties.

She was instructed on how to proceed, and the following day, Thursday, October 20, 2022,
She officially submitted her report. In it, the user stated she had seen and filmed a phenomenon, initially not describing its form, size, or color.

Later, in her testimony, she provided additional context, stating:

"Good morning everyone, I am Colombian, and in late 2021 and early 2022, I visited Mexico. This was my third visit. During my second visit, I took a tour to get to Chichenitza. We were taken to many places, and at 4 PM, we arrived at Chichenitza. They told us to get down quickly."
Take the photo, because at 4:30 p.m. they close. I felt a great frustration, I had wanted to arrive many years earlier and enjoy the place. Therefore, I promised myself that if I returned to Mexico, I would visit Chichenitza on my own. ...And so it was on December 23, I got up very early, to take the first transport to Chichenitza. I didn't want any distractions, so I went alone. I enjoyed the place by walking around it and around 12:52 p.m., I decided to lie down on the grass, diagonally across from the pyramid. With my camera in hand, looking up at the sky. At
12:54 I see an unidentified object moving around the pyramid, in the opposite direction to the hands of the clock. It made a not very loud sound. I saw it clearly, but when I was going to take a picture of it, it didn't appear in the lens. So I used the clouds it was passing through as a reference to try to photograph it, zooming in as much as possible. I succeeded. Then I did the same but in video (on the phone, you have to access the zoom to see the moving object better). I succeeded again. There were many tourists, no one was looking up.
In the sky, they were waiting for the photo or what the guide said. Not even those who passed by my side, wondered what I was doing on the ground taking photos. No one heard the sound it was emitting. I say that it was at a great distance that it circled the pyramid, because it disappeared and reappeared on the same side. I knew it was returning because I felt the sound. Then I changed my position and managed to see that it was a dark coffee color. I left and it kept emerging on the same side. On January 3, 2022, I was in Oaxaca, it was very sunny and I arrived at a park where
There were many trees. I sat in a chair and started to look at the sky.
When I see very far away a round light that turns on and off. When
it turns off suddenly it appears in another side, the behavior is different
barely if you see a shadow in the photo and it seems in all the middle part
of the image that the camera captures appears as a cross. Many thanks for
any clarification they can make, regarding what I saw. Many thanks for this
opportunity. Cordially, (user's name)”.
For practical purposes, the location where the witness was located when observing, filming, and photographing the reported phenomenon in the archaeological ruins of Chichén Itzá, Yucatán state, Mexico, at the geographic coordinates 20° 40’ 44.9’’ North Latitude and 88° 34’ 5.91’’ West Longitude (Figure 1) was georeferenced.

Figure 1

This made the case fall outside the scope of action of SEFAA as it occurred outside the national borders of Chile, therefore
It corresponds to the classification "Foreign."

Images: As support for the report, five photographs in jpg format and a video in mp4 format were received. The sent photographs are attached below:

Conclusion: Due to having originated in a situation foreign to the mission and function of SEFAA, the case file was closed according to numeral 2b of Chapter 2 (Study of cases occurred or recorded in national territory) of the Technical Instruction Procedure, Investigation Times.
Reception of Backgrounds, Preparation of Executive Report and Archiving of
SEFAA Reports.
Case classified as "Foreign".
