{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497952","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61311","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4123,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/952/mufon-5497952.json","updb_database_id":5497952}
{cak} A hovering, moving, but lose range star just below a treetop. Will move in and out of the tree, apearing to play peakaboo with tree, while i AM LOOKING OUT THE WINDOW AT IT. MY 13 YEAR OLD SON IS SEEING THIS SAME OBJECT, BUT RED AND MOOVED FASTER.

Ever since I was a young boy at 4 years old, I have had been paralyzed in my sleep, the feeling of being carried away, and a strong power of star beings observing me from my window. I first recall my first encounter when I was 4 years old when I lived next door to a farm ranch in Salem Oregon. I awoke to the power of something that came to me in my sleep, but I could not recall what it was that scares me,but the presence of it is was still very thick in the house. I went out of my room to escape to my mothers room, and my intentions were to scream "MOM" come help me, but as my lips barely got the first 2 letters of "MOM out, My body and thoughts and my whole existence was paralyzed in motion. From that time my mother noticed a small hole in each of my ears, but she discontinued them as my dad had them. I had ear aches that year so bad I had to be hospitalized. As the years went by my mother would move from place to place, and find that when she would throw a diaper on me the diaper would disappear, and all my bedding was thrown around the room.

We lived Still in Salem Oregon across the street from the main Post Office, and that is where memory of encounter 2 happened. I awoke from something awful, and it was about 4:15 and my step dad was gone for work, I awoke to my mom screaming, all the curtains shut, and the television was screaming loud fuzz, all at the same time. I looked in my moms room from a distance to catch glimpse of an object hovering above her, which in turn found out to be the clock in her room.

When I was living on Court st. in Salem Oregon, I seen a 3 ring red or-bed UFO hovering over the house when I for some reason wanted to go outside and take a look. These were my Mork and Mindy days. Through out the years I still want to awake from the stuff that's happening to me while I am paralyzed in my sleep. All my nose doctors say they have never seen a hole in the left side of my nose that big before. I told my doctor my brain was hurting me, so they gave an MRI to find the foreign object that's in the left side of my brain, and he said the only way to remove it is brain surgery.I have a hole underneath my tear duct that is 2 inches deep, same with the small holes in both ears, and I have to pencil sized holes under my tongue, that go very very deep.

My first time I seen an ET was when I was 19 years old. The event of the appearance came from seeing the star playing peekaboo in and out of a tree right outside, looking out the house windows, from within side the house. My friends mother saw it and seen that it pace back and forth from this tree outside, so she and I went on a UFO hunt in her truck, this UFO turned bright red right before our very eyes and very slowly moved over the hill. Very pridefully moved as if its not scared. That following night I was in a trance in my sleep again and decided in my sleep, 'I am going to over power this, I am going to force my eyes to open and open my eyes went, to see I was out of my bed and in the living room on my back and on the ground. I caught the eyes of this Moon colored creature hovering above me, as I began to gaze in its eyes it floated out the sliding glass doors from the room. I have much more encounters, but will try to keep this shorter.
