{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-11 06:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512952","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45344","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3674,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/952/mufon-5512952.json","updb_database_id":5512952}
{dr}Orbs traveled from north (air port direction) southerly in western sky.

I was in my house doing my e-mail at my computer. My wife came in from shopping and told me in an excited voice to get my camera to capture pictures of UFOs. I have always been a huge skeptic of UFO (UFOlogy) principally because she pulls practical jokes on me all the time. Once she had me convinced the GoodYear Blimp was a UFO when it was fitted with LED displays on either side of the gas bag. We chased it for about 20 miles until finally watching it land at the Oakland CA air field. So, I went reluctantly with my camera out into the street and was shocked to see my wife was telling the truth. Hundreds of small amber glowing disks or globes were proceeding from the north to the south in the overcast western sky. They appeared to be traveling at 30 to 50 mph. Several of them hovered in a pattern which would have generated a trapezoid shape if lines were placed between them. Most of the UFOs were about 1 to 2 feet in diameter. I am not certain of this because I am not sure what my distance was from the display. I think it was around a mile away. Some UFOs were larger, perhaps 5 to 6 feet. Every once in a while they would drop 50 to 100 smaller amber orbs. They traveled about twice as fast as the smaller ones we first observed. The bigger orbs came near the end of the display. They were so bright, the overcast sky resembled the western overcast sky at sunset. I was taking pictures as fast as I could click the shutter on my Samsung point and shoot camera. Because this camera has a latticed, polarized focal plane shutter, it is difficult to take pictures of blinking things like fireworks. I did get some images, but mostly the frames were black. I managed to lighten up the background with software in my computer, and had actually captured more than I first thought. After about 5 to 6 minutes of observation, all of the display vanished. There were no aircraft in the area. No one in Eugene saw the visitors except my wife and me. I asked my neighbors, called the Register Guard newspaper, called EARS (Eugene Area Radio Stations) and KUGN 1120 AM but no one saw the visitors. I have very observent neighbors, and none of them recalled seeing me in my undershorts with my coat tied about me by the sleeves snapping pictures. Only my wife and I (former skeptic). I am now a believer that there is something out there. I don't know what it is. There were no saucers or cigars present. Do not believe the date stamp. It never stays properly set. These pictures were taken on 1/11/13.
