{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1990-04-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491952","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67600","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3807,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/952/mufon-5491952.json","updb_database_id":5491952}
{jpg} Very large see event detailed

UFO sighting 

Background :
It was the spring of 1990, I had a home in West Broward County . The subdivision was called Honey Lake . Just a decade ago the land was under water and was part of the Everglades. Broward County was in the midst of an explosion of homes being built out west.
Honey Lake is about 12 miles due west from Port Everglades and the Fort Lauderdale Airport.

The local news reported that the Aircraft Carrier USS Nimitz was coming to port but was to large of a ship to dock at the port. It's was to be anchored 3 miles off shore you had to take a tender if you wanted to see the ship for a tour. 

Sighting :

The sky was bright blue with some clouds. It was sunset around 6 pm, and I was outside walking my dog Barney, the neighborhood kids were playing down the street when I heard them yelling to look up. Some of the kids were calling to their parents to come outside and see what was in the sky.
As I looked to the west I saw a very large almond shaped craft. It was lit up by the background of the sunset.
The object was extremely large. I could see lights passing thru the middle of the object.
It was headed in a west south west direction deeper over the Everglades . 

The object was moving very slow. It was too far away to hear any noise, but I would say it was about 30deg above the horizon . The size of it was more than 1 mile across. It was about 7 to 10 miles away . I watched it move a cross the sky for over 10 minutes.
The sun had set, the sky was very orange and the object was very clearly outlined by the orange sky line. It was no cloud. I could see light running back and forth in the middle of the object. Not lightning
It was huge. If you took Joe Robbie Football Stadium, and placed it in the sky it would be dwarfed by the size of the unknown craft. It Looked very much like the craft in the movie Independence Day . Note (the movie had not been made before my sighting). When I saw the movie in the theater I said to my self OMG that's the closest thing I have seen to it!
As it was getting darker the craft continued moving west and out of sight. At that time I could hear jets above my head. I saw two F 14 streak across the sky less than 1000 feet, headed in the same direction towards the unknown craft. About 5 min later I saw three all black military helicopters less than 1000 feet above the ground headed in the same direction. Possibly Blackhawks . 
I knew that the air craft carrier was anchored off Port Everglades and assumed that's were the military craft came from.

In closing 
The size of the craft was huge ! Living in South Florida we have the Goodyear blimp. You can see it in the sky, what I saw was no blimp or air plane.
Years later after watching many UFO topic shows I see where many eye witnesses have came forth about the black helicopters chasing UFO, my story sounds the same.
I am not looking for anything. I know what I saw !
But what bothers me why no media made note of it, no TV ,radio or news paper, I can only tell you that many South Floridian had to see it there was no way you could not see it.
It's my story I lived it 
I am a retired Broward Sheriff Deputy of 28 years.
