{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-08-01 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500952","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58128","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2990,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/952/mufon-5500952.json","updb_database_id":5500952}
Metallic sphere moving in a straight line across the sky.

I believe I must have been 10 at the time which would put this in 2002. It was summer but the exact date and time of the event I am not sure of and are merely estimations on my part. 

It was roughly mid-day. The sun was high in the sky and it was a perfectly clear day. We were out in the front yard doing some yard work. My father noticed an object in the sky east of where we were and pointed it out. It was roughly 60 degrees in elevation. A perfect, metallic sphere. It looked similar to something like brushed stainless steel. Metallic but not a mirror/chrome reflection. It was clearly visible and had no external features. It seemed quite high up but not as high as commercial jet aircraft usually are, maybe closer to the altitude and speed of a smaller private single engine aircraft. It's size and altitude were hard to estimate since there were no reference points in sky to use. I would say it was roughly over Pubnico Harbor at 1000 to 2000 feet in altitude. It was moving at a constant speed and direction, from South West to North East. The altitude remained visibly the same. There was no sound and no other aircraft in the area at that time.

It traveled to the other side of the house. I walked around the house to see if I could see it again. I did, it was still traveling in the same path and eventually traveled far enough away that I couldn't see it any more.

Our first thought was that it may be a balloon. Ether a large Mylar party balloon or a weather balloon. However balloons of any type are rarely spherical in shape, usually have strings tied to them and in the case of weather balloons, usually have instruments hanging underneath. They also tend to spin and swirl in the wind which would make them appear to change shape from the ground. This did not and maintained a perfect round shape which leads me to believe it was a sphere or always facing the same direction towards us. It did not behave like any balloon I had observed before or to this day.

I was more curious than anything when I saw it. If I would have been old enough to drive I would have attempted to follow it by road. I am fairly familiar with the various operations and types of aircraft and space craft. This was not a plane, helicopter or any other type of conventional aircraft and I have yet to see anything quite like it.
