{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-24 05:21:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292952","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110364","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2920,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/952/mufon-5292952.json","updb_database_id":5292952}
Large Light Blue Light

Around 5:15am, my fiance and I had an awkward feeling of something just being off and unsettling. Our son woke up, saying that he was very thirsty and sleepy. He got a cup of water, drank it, then went back to bed. I walked into the bedroom to get in bed. As I got into bed, my fiance said that the whole house seemed a lot darker than usual and that she was awoken from a tingling sensation she felt over her entire body. One of our 2 dogs jumped down off of the bed and refused our calls to come back. I got up to check on the dog and saw that she was standing in the hallway between both kid's rooms, with her head going back and forth (Like she was expecting one of their bedroom doors to open). I walked up to our dog and just before I could pet her, she ran past me and laid in the dog bed near the dinning room, then starred intently on the back door. My fiance got out of bed (I grabbed my spear for protection) to check on our kids and check on the house. Our kids were sound asleep until the dogs ran into their rooms. My fiance starts asking the kids if they are ok and if anything seemed odd, they both said no. I told her that I was going to check the outside because something was feeling really off-putting about being in the house. I grabbed a kitchen knife and walked out back, bringing the dogs with me. The dogs seemed oblivious to the light blue light above our house (I'm guessing a football field length above the house) and ascended upwards. I rushed to the back door to yell inside for my fiance to come outside (she didn't hear me). I walk back outside and for about a minute the light moved straight up. I ran back to the back door, opened it and called for my fiance again (Again, she didn't hear me). I ran back outside and the light was heading east for 20 secs, then turned north for 45 seconds, then back east for another 20 seconds or so, the darted northeast for 3 minutes before disappearing entirely. Exactly 30 minutes after the light left, it started raining has been (it's now 6:18am). Once the rain started coming down, the dogs started acting aggressive towards one another and keep looking towards the kid's bedroom doors and the back door.

I haven't seen one like this since 2008-09 where I had two different incidents. Nothing like this has happened since then.
