{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-23 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481952","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78018","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4011,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/952/mufon-5481952.json","updb_database_id":5481952}
{jpg} More than 200 blinking lights all flying in the same direction. If not for the multitude, I would have dismissed them as plains.

I was talking to a friend on the phone a couple of days before my family's first Christmas in our first home. We bought a home in the country to enjoy the quiet and safety for our kids and pets. I went outside to take the call because the kids were excited about presents and we're running around the living room. I stood on the deck and looked up as I talked. I noticed planes going back and forth, but not asending or desending the slightest. I lost sight when they each were too far away to see. I asked my friend if he knew where any airports were in Amelia. He said he didn't. Later, I found there are no airports and the closest one is in Powhatan, but I believe it is only for private planes. I could be wrong, but upon Internet sesrch, this is what I read. Amelia is very underdeveloped. Powhatan is about an hour from us and although it also has no city and has a lot of farm land, it's a bit more developed than Amelia. I highly doubt we could see planes coming and going from Richmond. They have a large airport. My first thought was, 'wow, a lot of people are traveling to see family for holiday.' I began to count as I talked to my friend, but didn't tell him what started to come to mind. My heart was beating out of my chest as they flew with hardly any distance apart from each other. There was no way at all I could say the distance they were from me/the ground. They had blinking lights, some white and some a reddish orange. Because they were going both ways, it was difficult for me to be sure I wasn't counting some of them more than once, but I do know there were at least 200 and that's when I stopped and just kept watching. All night they never stopped. After hanging up with my friend I sat outside and continued to watch. I tried to take a cell phone picture, but it was just a blurry pinpoint of nothing. Upon looking at it, it could have been anything. That phone is broken and long gone. I felt if I showed family, they would think I was crazy and tell me it was an airplane. Eventually I went in and asked my husband about airports. He had very little information. I looked online to see if VA was having any air shows anywhere, but couldn't find anything. I told just a handful of people on my Facebook 'saw hundreds of lights in the sky tonight. Anyone else?' Only my older sister responded with, 'Hello! Didn't you people just read this! Wow!' But no one, including me, ever said anything about it ever again. My then 11-year-old son believed in aliens and said they had visited him once, so I told him and he believed me and has never forgotten. I don't believe he was visited because we adopted him at age 6 and he was born addicted to every drug imaginable and he is schizophrenic. I never wanted to tell anyone because I've always been the black sheep in the family and I didn't want them to think I was lying, crazy or trying to get attention. That is not my charecter at all. I finally decided to SOMEWHAT come out (to MUFON at least) sense I have stage 4 Cancer and nothing to lose. If I can help uncover the truth with my one small story, I hope it will be helpful in the tiniest way. I would love to know if anyone in my area also saw these hundreds of lights in the sky a couple days before Christmas of 2014. Thank you for reading and for all you do!
