{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-21 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520952","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35445","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4162,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/952/mufon-5520952.json","updb_database_id":5520952}
A row of white lights appeared in the distance for 1 or 2 seconds, then a large rectangular array of orange lights (300+ ft. x 3 stories) appeared for 5 seconds with small random flashing white lights. The lights shut off and a sonic boom occurred.

I currently serve as a full time commissioned law enforcement officer within the state of Arizona, New mexico and Utah, Im submitting this witness statment on behalf of two (2) individuals who wish to remain anonymous.

(The Mother-48 years old):
On Saturday evening, January 21, 2012 at 7:15 pm (it had already got dark), I was coming back with my daughter from Gallup, New Mexico, as we turned onto Navajo Route#4, from Highway#191, at the Pinon Junction. I saw a chain or row of bright lights approximately (1) mile west of an area known as "the pond". The lights were huge, bright and the row was approximately (100+) hundred yards in length. I shouted to my daughter "what is that?" Thats when this single row of white lights shut off and approximately (1) second later a large array of orange lights came on. This formation lights was at least (300+) feet long, by approximately (3) stories high, its appearance looked like that of a power plant or a city. These lights were arranged in rows and columns with the appearance of windows with white flashes of light that appeared to be on the inside, there were at least (50) or more of these windows. Suddenly the lights shut off. We did not know if the object took off after we passed it. There was a loud boom like a "sonic boom" and a flash of light from behind a hill that was behind where the object had been. It is unknown if the object had been hovering or was actually touching the ground. This area where the object was is flat and wide open range, there are no other man made structures in this area. There were other motorist traveling on Route# 4 and Highway# 191 at the same time that would have also witnessed the event.

(The Daughter-22 years old):
On Saturday, January 21, 2012, about 7:15 pm on our way back from town, my Mom directed my attention towards a huge pattern of orange lights about a mile from our moving vehicle. The lights were at eye level and appeared to be in rectangular windows-the pattern had smaller lights flashing at random within. The length of the object was at least (100+) yards across. My first thoughts in comparing what I saw would be that of a power plant or city, but the rectangles were distinct and in rows and columns. The orange lights lasted for about (5) seconds and turned off (like a light switch being turned off). About (2-3) seconds later, in the same direction, but further away there was a loud "boom" and white light was radiating behind a nearby hill. The light was coming from the ground. I also noticed in the foreground a black dome that did not move. This lasted (1-2) seconds. As we drove pased the site I kept looking in that direction to see if i could see any other lights, but i did not see anything. About that time we did notice that there was a power outage in all the nearby communities. The weather also drastically changed. There was blizzard-like conditions on the rest of the drive home. I did not notice any changes with myself physically-just that I got a strage eerie calm/paranoid feeling. Another thing, before the orange lights disappeared, I reached for my phone to get a picture of the lights, but as I was putting in my password my phone completely shut off. I don't know if that is directly related to what we saw, but I had enough battery life for this not to happen.
