{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-29 03:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496952","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62426","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2729,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/952/mufon-5496952.json","updb_database_id":5496952}
{nd} Triangle UFO over interstate 95 in Maryland

On the Morning of Monday, December 29th, 2014, my mother and I were driving back to Pennsylvania from a trip to Florida. As we drove through the state of Maryland, at approximately 3:55 AM, according to the dashboard clock, I noticed a large bright light glide over interstate 95, almost directly over our car, just enough to get my attention. I was driving about 70 mph and pressed my face against the front windshield to get a better look at it, and to my amazement, I saw a triangle craft with two oval lights on the back corners of the craft and a large red light in the center. I could also make out a very dark point on the craft which I thought to be the front of it, or the tip of the triangle. It stopped and hovered over a group of trees as I drove down the highway. I quickly screamed to my sleeping mother in the passenger’s seat to look out her window, she woke up and immediately saw what I was yelling about. She was mesmerized. I was trying to look at the craft and the road at the same time and that was when I noticed that the edges of the craft were more rounded, almost like a Popsicle stick. It had two layers, on the bottom was the color of the cloudy night sky, and the top was a very brilliant black color. I fumbled for my phone that had a camera attached to it and my mom watched as it hovered over a group of trees. It hovered only about five to ten feet over the treetops. She got a better view of the craft and said that the red light in the center of the “V” was very “Unusual” and very large and red. When I took out the camera to take the picture, I aimed the camera towards it, but it went from a stationary position above the tree line, to completely disappearing out of view and I could not get the picture taken. She told me that when I took out the camera and aimed it, it was almost as if the UFO knew I was about to take a picture and took off. We both became very excited from what we just saw and then I took notice of the time and it read, 3:55 AM. The approaching exit that was then seen was for the Ellicott City off ramp
