{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-03-27 05:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5461975","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"99045","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2963,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/975/mufon-5461975.json","updb_database_id":5461975}
{cak} Large Brightly White, Sliver or Chrome Glowing Ball.

I was at the time of the incident a Deputy Sheriff of Arlington County, Virginia. I lived 40 miles south in Stafford, Va. Close to Marine Corps Base Quantico, Va. I am also a former Marine, Iraq war veteran, and US State Department DS Security Contractor with Blackwater-USA with Service in Iraq and Afghanistan. On the morning of the sighting, I was taking the trash to the curb in front of my house just before leaving for work in Arlington. Front of house faces East. As I walked to the curb, I noticed what I thought was the moon in my vision at around 11 O'Clock, but i did not focus on it. The light was very bright. As I arrived at the curb and left the trash can, I turned about face and was now walking West back toward my Garage when I noticed that my shadow was moving on the ground, and a bright light was above me. I looked up and saw a Large Brightly White, Sliver or Chrome Glowing Ball. I now turned due south visually following the Ball of light as it passed over me. It was moving somewhat slowly at first and moved in a Southerly direction, it passed at maybe only 30 to 50 feet above me. It appeared to be probably between 20 to 40 feet in diameter. I shouted to my wife (now divorced), to come look, but she didn't want to see it. She was in the garage at the time waiting for me to get my Jeep out, so she could close the garage door from inside because my remote needed batteries and was not working. As the object moved away, in that Southerly direction it began to increase speed exponentially, now picked up elevation in a 45 degree angle, also turned a bit more to a S by SW direction and shot into the clear dark morning sky into the constellation Scorpio which was in the clear southern sky. The object got smaller and Smaller and very quickly was but the size of a tiny bright dot, then completely disappeared into the sky. I asked my wife why she didn't come out to see it. She told me in Spanish "..I saw plenty of those when I was a kid in Peru" 
I never told anyone about that, but for some reason it keeps popping into my thoughts, I guess i should address it with this report.
