{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527975","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27628","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3400,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/975/mufon-5527975.json","updb_database_id":5527975}
UFO Over Washington DC While Obama gives state of the union speech 2011

I was encouraged by my dear friend Derrick Vaughn to summit this account of what happened that night while everyones attention was on Obamas state of the union speech that very night so here I go.
 
I saw this object for two hours the same exact time President﻿Barack Obama was giving his State Of the Union Speech ..I heard choppers and Jets fly﻿right over my house but couldnt see them. This object stayed in the same position about a 1/2 hour, and then moved over the same area of Maryland DC and VA.. the lights Red And Green Turquoise where very foreign to that air space and where pulsating around almost like a circle shape. Thats the only way I could describe them.. . The lights seemed to moved around this object then stop to one solid light and then pulsate again to this Green Turquoise light that glowed a emerald green that was beautiful. Every plane that moved towards it double back around the same direction it came from. It seemed to stop the flow of air traffic/space movement..

I watched out the same window for 13 years and have monitored the flow of air traffic to and from the Ronald Reagan airport. I have also have worked fueling planes for that same airport and sort of know the light patterns of planes at night..These light where something very different indeed. I was so excited and nervous at the same time I called up my kids 7-19 years of age to verify what I thought or was a UFO. Their reaction was the same as mine. I gave them no suggestive thought but only to look out the window and describe what the saw. Their response was immediate "what in the heck is that". My 14 year old son was the one that noticed how the planes seemed to be turning around in the same direction they where coming from almost-waiting for permission to cross that quarantined air space. 

After around two hrs I went to answer a call and when I returned the strange light where gone. The air traffic eventually returned to normal and I retired for the night. The next morning I check the web to see if any other have seen these light but got no hits..Later that day My son called me and said " Dad someone else have recorded what we have seen and posted it on You-tube". My reaction was immediately searching for that video, which I found and this person described the same-thing I saw that night to the letter..The quality of the camera was not that great but I was happy someone else saw and verified.

You can check out the video and comments by others in that area who left their account on what happened that night of the Obama Sate of the Union speech..

I have posted the Youtube link below check it out for yourself
Peace!..

*(Link moved to Additional Evidence Section--CMS/sg).
