{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-17 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521975","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34227","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4843,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/975/mufon-5521975.json","updb_database_id":5521975}
Saw an object above me moving ever so slowly for its size.

It was December 17th, 2011, at about 9:30 PM CST.

I was watching a movie with my wife Karen when we heard what we thought was a loud truck or piece of farm equipment outside (we live in the country). It continued to get louder, then much louder. Our dog's ears laid back and she started to growl. I muted the TV. The sound increased as whatever it was got closer. It was then the house started to vibrate and a high pitched whine (the sound you hear before a crash)mixed itself with the roar that sounded like a jet engine with a slow, low RPM. My wife cried out "Something is going to hit the house!" I rushed to the front door and opened it to see what it could be. As I opened the door I got scared. I truly believed that a jet or something huge was about to hit the house or the neighborhood. "Oh my God" I said. "It's going to crash!" I have a roof over my front porch so I couldn't see directly overhead. By then the noise was scary. I ran through the kitchen and out the back door onto the deck as I shouted for my wife to come out. She ran out just as the object was passing by overhead no more that two to three hundred feet above us and to my left. I can't tell you how stunned I was. The object had passed by and now I could just see the back of it. It was larger than my house and completely black except for the four visible lights on the back of it. One white light in each corner with two smaller red lights toward the bottom and slightly inward. "What the hell is that?" I asked, not believing what I was witnessing. "Karen, objects that big can't go that slowly and remain aloft...it's impossible. I know the stall-speed of a small plane is about 55 or sixty MPH. This thing was doing 25...maybe. I wish I could describe the sound of that engine more accurately. It was the most powerful thing I have ever heard. The freaky thing is that it was just idling. That thing wasn't turning 1500 RPMs. It was just idling and carrying that ship easily, quietly, except for the engine noise which sounded as though it were coming out the back. No color. No flame. No heat. Freaky. It just drifted along at maybe 25-30 MPH. Incredulous. Anyway, we watched it fade over the field behind our house then my son came out and we could still hear the engine fading after the craft had disappeared for maybe twenty more seconds.

My son was back in his room with earphones on and heard nothing until he came out back. He heard it then but it had faded from sight. So we jumped in the car and ran down our zig-zaggy country roads in an effort to see it again but to no avail. This thing was going as the crow flies and we never saw it again.

The next morning at church I asked if anyone had seen the object Friday night. Most had already gone to bed. However, Mike (who lives over the hill)said his dogs went crazy at 9:30 and when he went out to check he heard what he thought was a sonic boom then sirens but saw nothing.

That's about it. Oh, one more thing. This morning at the library a family heard me asking if anyone there had seen anything strange on Friday night when a woman and her two young sons (12 & 8?)approached me and the boys said at about 9:30 Friday night they heard it and went outside and the older one caught a glimpse of it. The younger child stated to me that his TV remote went haywire and started changing channels on its own and doing strange things. None of that happened to me. 

Well, that's about it. I am dieing that I didn't grab a camera but it was already too late by the time I figured out it was something weird in the sky above the house. The entire event probably took 30 or forty seconds. But it was awe inspiring to see something that big move so slowly through the air so close to the ground. And it was loud. That engine sounded as though it had the power to leave the planet. It effortlessly carried that huge craft at a mere idle. Freaky.

Okay then, that's my very true story. We live in an area that has a good bit of very loud military helicopters and large cargo planes that traverse the skies but this was none of those...not even close.

Have a very Merry Christmas!
(name moved to FI box) cms 12/21/11 09:21 cst flg
