{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-07-23 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292975","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110341","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4171,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/975/mufon-5292975.json","updb_database_id":5292975}
Two of us witnessed either one or three ufos in 1989. There were three discs stacked on one another. They followed us all night.

In the summer of 1989, a friend of mine and I decided to go to the country to watch the meteor showers that were going on that night. We happened to settle on an unusual geographic oddity called Enchanted Rock Natural Area, near Fredericksburg, Texas.

We arrived around sunset and made our way to the top of the massive pink granite monadnock after ingesting a tea I had prepared with psilocybin mushrooms. We made it to the top of the dome just as it was getting dark. There were more people that night than we had ever encountered on previous trips there, but for some reason they were mostly concentrated on one side of the rock. We decided to go around to the quiet side.

It was getting pretty dark so when we found a nice comfortable place to lie on our backs, we smoked a nice spliff and began looking at the sky. The meteor show was on, so we marveled at the display. At some point, I noticed a star that was blinking red, blue, green, yellow, red, blue etc. I pointed it out to my friend and we both watched it blink. Suddenly, it started moving in a triangle pattern very fast – stopping for a mili-second at each point in the triangle – continuously. I asked my friend if he was seeing what I was seeing and he confirmed that he was.

After around fifteen seconds of this display, it stared moving quickly to the left at a rate of speed that, if it were an aircraft, we would have been able to hear it because it would have had to have been very close, to appear to move so fast. We didn't hear a thing. It looked as if a star was moving across the sky. Then it stopped, it resumed the triangular movements again. It did this for several seconds, then stopped and appeared to be moving closer to earth and us. When it got closer, it suddenly did a little summersault and we were able to see that it was three discs stacked on top of one another. 

After that maneuver, it moved further away, but then stopped. We were so transfixed on watching this that we forgot that there were other people on the rock. Surely they were seeing this too, since they were also looking at the sky. To our amazement, we didn't think they had noticed a thing.

We continued to watch the object as it descended into the valley behind the rock. This valley was in full view from our vantage and part of the state park. The object seemed to descend down into what appeared to be fog on the ground down there. There is a small pond and the fog was likely coming up from the pond. Then the object went back into the sky, continuing its blinking. 

We were not scared, We were actually fascinated. We kept an eye on the lights as we walked around the big dome rock. The lights followed us. They were there all night and no matter where we went, they followed us. We stayed there until sunrise and by the time it was getting light, the lights had disappeared. 

I have seldom spoken of this incident because people would automatically say that we were just hallucinating because of the mushrooms. That is a good point, and one that I have pondered since. The only problem I have is that we both saw the same thing and repeatedly asked the other to confirm – because we knew we were on mushrooms. However, I have never heard of a shared hallucination, and certainly not one that lasts all night. I haven't seen my friend in decades, but I'm positive that he too remembers this incident as well as I do. I should look him up.
