Date: 15-03-2026 / 16-03-2026
Case No.: 2218
Report: Anomalous aerial phenomenon
Resolution: Closed

Location: Peñaflor
Region: Metropolitana
Classification: Closed

An individual reported what they considered an aerial anomaly, observed at 03:20 hours on 13 November 2021, from the commune of Peñaflor, Metropolitana Region of Santiago.
The reported sighting was described as a "red sphere, visible directly for '10 minutes'," It was added that its size was "3 meters" and that it flew "slowly advancing" from south to north by two witnesses.

He concluded by testifying that (sic): "Red sphere changing to orange, 10 meters altitude in a north-south direction, very slow, apparently made of a material like..."
It seemed electric or energetic, it didn't appear to be a solid structure. When I called a friend on the phone, the object stopped emitting light and hovered above my head at about 10 meters or less in height. It could be seen that the light from the streetlamps was reflecting off its structure, which was almost transparent as it had stopped emitting its own light. The structure seemed organic.
It is worth mentioning that when it emitted light, it did not come from its interior, but rather it emitted it from its outermost layer, and it did not exhibit intermittency; it stopped emitting when I made a phone call, during the event, there was no animal noise, something usual in the area.

At a moment when my friend and witness arrived and managed to see the object, it continued...
Description of: In a northern direction, after that we saw it going down in direction for what
user/a: That we wanted to follow but the military arrived since there was a curfew, they
performed an identity check at that moment from which I deduce there must be a record
since I mentioned there was an object, but it was too late because the object was lost behind
a 2-story house.

I don't have audiovisual record.
"I am an amateur of the night sky and can recognize an airplane, satellites, helicopters, birds, and drones, and this object was none of the above. I was also able to observe the surface of the object, but it is very difficult to explain its structure. I am attaching a drawing of it and an image generated by AI so that you can understand."

"Along with the report, the files 'drawing.jpeg' and 'orbe.jpg' were submitted, as shown below."
Research:

Illustration 1. Content of the "drawing.jpeg" file.

Respectively in the following Illustrations 1 and 2. The latter has the logo of IA Gemini.
Illustration 2. Content of the "orbe.jpg" file.

The user's location was georeferenced using the coordinates they provided (Figure 1).

Figure 1
According to the testimony, the study took 4 years, 4 months, and 2 days to be informed, with no prior history to accurately date the event.

Due to the age and lack of original images of the reported incident, the investigation file was closed according to numeral 2d (Only cases reporting original images, audios, or videos will be investigated) of the Technical Instructions.
Procedure, Investigation Timelines, Reception, Report Processing, and SEFAA Report Archiving. Case classified as a Report.
