{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-26 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484891","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74909","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2812,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/891/mufon-5484891.json","updb_database_id":5484891}
{jpg} was driving north bound on antioch rd me my sister her son my sons mother her daughter!! i said first what is that we all looked nobody could really tell we said a plane we got closer and witnessed this huge blk. triangle just hovering!!

i was driving this nite going down antioch rd going towards chesterfield coming from drexel me my sister her son my sons mother her daughter!! where all in the car!! we came to the top of the hill before u come to bridge i said what is that yall straight ahead look!! they said ohh its a plane!! so i said nothing else i drove up 300 yrds or so we looked up at this huge "footballfield" size triangle just hovering at about 3 mph it was low to the ground barely above the tree line!! we could see it good!! i had all the windows down so i could hear anything i heard nothing but we seen a huge black triangular craft hovering silently 3mph!! 3 white lights 1 in each corner no light in the middle that i remember seeing!! ok so i drive up a hundred yards past this craft and turn around come back we look for this huge triangle but we didnt see it again to be able to film it!! we where in so much shock of what we witnessed we didnt film it!! but we seen it plain as day!! we have never witnessed this type of craft any where else in the world before, besides what other folks have reported seeing world wide youtube!! lol this was not of the technology that i am aware of that may or may not exist in america!! these black triangles have been reported since 1883 we didnt have that technology then!! that was twenty years before flight!! there is always a form of tech advance as far as man made planes go changes in shape!! engines speeds etc. but there is none in these blk triangles thats been reported for years and years and years!! i wanna know who controls these craft time travelers from the future or aliens from another universe!! they dont bother us yet thk. who ever is the higher power that we feel so connected to!! we talk about our experience together sometimes i love it!! we have had some deep discussions about what we witnessed!! we just wanna know the truth thk u mufon for every thing u do to further full disclosure from our govt!! maybe one day!!!!
