{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-12-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454891","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106722","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3596,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/891/mufon-5454891.json","updb_database_id":5454891}
{tjd} Ongoing Since Xmas of 2019

This is really hard to describe. It started around xmas. My neighbors had a lazer light xmas light display. One night my kids and I were playing with toy lightsabres. We have 3 colors red, green and blue. I noticed a bright white light that has been here since 2012 slowly move in the sky. In the past i always said that wasnt a star but chalked it up as the international space station. It has moved positions and stopped. I debated it being a satelite and even military since I live so close to Barksdale Air Force base and the ammunition plant. But around xmas i saw it kinda slowly over time change positions like it was mapping the place. These were dramatic position changes yet it moved slowly. So slow you couldnt tell if it was moving or not. I realize Im all over the place while writing this. There is so much going on its hard for me to explain. To make an ETREMELY LONG story extremely short.... these things are following me. If I go to Ruston and watch a movie they are there. If I go toCastor they are there. They act like they want me to follow them. We have extablished communication via lights. We do math adding and subtracting mulitplying. I havent figured a pattern i can do to divide but we have established angles of 90, 45 ,180, 360 degrees. My kids have seen all of this. They thought I was crazy until they saw it time and time again. Then see it follow me when I leave from where they are. I have had people on I 20 slow down and eniter traffic avoid getting close to me and I was only driving 60 mph in a 70 mph zone. In shreveport military swarm me like sparrows. They fly by every clear night and its starting to be even during rain. I have had helicopters swarm me. One had giant infared lights inside it. Man, i think I may be about to be abducted or may have already. I have had a swolled testicle and a blood clot behind my leg since this started. Im sure thats just a coincidence but i do wonder. I have so many stories its rediculous. Yesterday i saw one in daylight (my first daylight observation) this thing was there then it disappeared into thin air. Im not sure what to do or say. I am curious if others have wanted this to happen but for me its seems completely voluntary. They could have taken me if they wanted. I have been in the middle of nowhere trying to get them to land. They came within 100 yrds once but when i said out loud Im scared it backed way. I havent lost time or anything. Im not sure what to do. This is voluntary on my part and figure since they arent going away I will pursue this further. Im reporting because someone may want to document this. There are so many weird things that i have concludee that some of these things arent from military, yet military comes around while its going on to distract my attention while communicating. I have over an hour and a half of videos. Most are bad but i have some nuggets in there. I posted my weirdest video on youtube. You can find it based on my conatct info.
