{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-06-01 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502891","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56093","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2365,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/891/mufon-5502891.json","updb_database_id":5502891}
{ndI was trying to skate outside of my aunt's house. I was looking up at the clouds and it was light out. Next thing I knew it was dark, I saw the lights, I ran into my aunts house. She asked where I had been, I said outside, she insisted that i was not.

I was outside my aunt's house practicing skating in short distances up and down the street. It was cloudy out about 4:30 pm. I went back and forth in front of the house a few times. As I made my way past the house going up the street, I heard a helicopter in the distance. I turned to make my way back down the street. The next thing I know I am a few feet beyond the house. It is now dark outside and very foggy. I felt very confused. In looking around I happened to look up and that's when I saw these lights flashing in sequence. Flying over the houses. They appeared to be attached to a circular shaped object, but I could not see the object. All I saw was the clouds above it. It made no sound, and it was very low. I was terrified, I skated as fast as I could toward the house. As I do so, I saw searchlights in the clouds just beyond the rooftop. As soon as I got in the door my aunt asked me where I had been. I told her outside. She insisted that I was not. She said she walked up and down the street looking for me and I was not there. I looked at the clock above the television and noticed that it was 8:30. She was convinced that I was lying to her. I felt very confused, afraid, and alone because to this day I have no recollection of being elsewhere. I looked out of the window to see if I could get a good glimpse at what the object was, and it was gone. Ever since then I have had a strange symbol on my left leg that burns from time to time. And i receive odd telepathic messages that I do not understand
