{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-02-16 18:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469891","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90618","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3628,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/891/mufon-5469891.json","updb_database_id":5469891}
{jpg} Ufo landed few feet from me and alien was next to it looking up at me

For the past two months i had been seeing a number of lights moving above my house. At first i thought the lights were drones. I noticed after watching them night after night they didnt move like drones ive ever flown. I got binoculars and a spotting scope and noticed a central white RGB type light in a V patterned small Craft. I considered it to most likely be an Alien drone or possibly a military drone. Possible since im so close to an airport. Well i decided one night to go outside and signal the small crafts with a flashlight. Ive heard math is the universal language. So i flashed a couple sequences of prime numbers. I told my wife come outside quick. I could see a large ship approaching from a few houses down nearly crazing the tree tops. Turning and redirecting itself towards my backyard like it already knew my gps location. I looked is amazement followed by shock and fear. It passed slowly like it was looking for a place to land. Backyard too small and too many trees around. But it passed so close i could have thrown a baseball and hit it. It slowly passed my yard and went over neighbors yard and i couldnt see it anymore after. I look up and seen about 10 same type of ships flying fast high in the sky in a sequence. Then i notice smoke everywhere. like my neighbors house was burning down. Smelled like gun powder. i looked for the source of smoke. it was in a fiend a street over. Obviously upwind of me. I believe the ship popped off smoke before it was going to try and land. I reallized I would have had a heart attack if it did land. To describe them. Large square bronze looking metal. White lights around sides. Circle pattern red flashing lights on bottom. Craft looked Egyptian from my point of view.my wife says she had a hard time with glare of white lights and couldnt give definite description. The next afternoon were all outside and hundreds of them are in the sky. I could hear the neighbors kids making jokes of an invasion. I saw people looking up down the street. I called my mom and told her. She said i need help. I started to film one as it got dark. My wife and i are sitting in chairs in the middle of our lawn. One is flying over and im recording. The next morning before work i decide to watch video. Like usual when i record a ufo the video isnt what was thought to be recorded. To sum it up I recorded a UFO landing a few feet from me and a little alien next to it. Looking right at me.Now the repercussion of this lasted 3 or 4 days. Dark entities manifested in a bunch of my photos on my phone, my wifes phone. even pictures in other unrelated clouds. needless to say i had to delete alot of pictures. Alien photo editors. Please explain the physics behind that one.
