{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-03-27 03:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459891","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101552","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2898,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/891/mufon-5459891.json","updb_database_id":5459891}
{tjd}Very distinct bright orb traveling quickly making inhuman moves

A smoker at the time I spent every night standing in my garage doorway facing west smoking, looking at the stars and planets. I always see planes, comets, satellites. They are all very distinct. On this night, as I was staring off into space, I noticed a very big, bright object appear. I dont recall if it was already there when I looked, or if I actually saw it appear, however I knew it was not one of the typical stars or planets I see every night. Initially it seemed to be moving very slowly,as I kept waiting for the blinking light, or for it to slowly float across the sky, it did neither. As soon as I was able to confirm it was actually moving, I pulled my cellphone out and started recording. I started recording it facing west, and that is when it really started picking up speed. In the video I am now standing in front of my garage trying to keep the object in the center of my horizontally held phone. The object was moving at such a pace it was hard to keep up with as it traveled across the entire sky in about 2:46. There are times in the video where I move the phone abruptly and the object appears to shoot off the screen, this is just me dipping the phone to move so I can keep up with the object. However you can faintly see the stars in the background, and the sudden stops, changes of direction, and speed changes. Once the object was now over my garage in the eastern sky it started flashing. It almost looked as if it got smaller after every flash until it dissapeared. I have been observing the night sky for as long as I can remember and have always seen similar objects, but typically they are the size of the other stars in the sky and much harder to see. This was not like anything I have ever seen. There was absolutely NO external blinking lights, it literally STOPPED at times then moved at an accelerated pace, it did not go in a straight line across the sky, it went up, down, left, right, stop, go, slow, fast. Then it did not travel out of sight, it simply started flashing, getting smaller, and was nowhere in the night sky. I recorded the video then uploaded it to YouTube. I no longer have the original footage. But am the account owner of the posted video. 
[ Item moved to FI report {tjd} ]
