{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-27 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489891","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69713","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3014,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/891/mufon-5489891.json","updb_database_id":5489891}
{jpg} Bright Red light split into 2 hovering than fast directional changes with one descending below tree line

My fiance and I went up north for my cousins wedding in Lovells Michigan off Shupack Lake on July 27th 2012. A group of 7 of us decided to go for a walk the night before the wedding around 1:30am. We walked down trails that led us out to the main road where we originally turned to enter the campground. We all stopped to talk and look up at the stars considering we don't have the pleasure of observing the night sky without city lights. It was a clear night and the moon lit up the sky. We could see the tree line for miles following the road to the south east of us. 

A few minutes after looking up, we noticed a bright red orb shaped light high in the sky. At first we thought it was a planet until a second bright red orb shape separated from it. One red orb stayed in the same spot as the second one slowly moved to the west maintaining the same horizontal position as the first orb. We all asked each other if we all were seeing the same thing, making sure our eyes weren't playing tricks on us. 

The second orb that moved toward the west then dropped hundreds of feet in a split second and continued moving west in a straight line. Then shot up about half the distance it originally fell from and quickly moved to the east in a precise straight line.

The First orb held its position as the other one maneuvered around. After a couple minutes the First orb that held its position began to move as well in the same manner. Then they came together one above the other, there was a significant amount of space between them, and stayed in that position for a brief moment. The red orb that was on the bottom slowly started to descend, this time at about a 40 degree angle as if it was coming in for landing. We watched until the red orb fell slowly into the tree line and was out of our site. The other red orb then shot up into the sky and disappeared. 

I would say we were about a mile or two from where the red orb went below the tree line.

All of us were so scared after we couldn't see it beyond the tree line. We walked really fast back to the campground. We still tell our story to people and still have no explanation. We are hoping someone else might have seen the same thing we did, but could see where that second red orb went after we lost sight of it when it went passed the tree line.
