{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-10 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287891","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115481","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3715,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/891/mufon-5287891.json","updb_database_id":5287891}
Orange Orb

I observed this one week after my 22nd birthday. My cousin and I were relaxing by a lake when we both noticed a orange star-like orb in the sky. We both watched as it descended towards us, coming down at a 45 degree angle. I believed in UFO's prior to this incident but I couldn't help be paralyzed in awe/fear of this object. As it got closer I was drowned in fear as I told my cousin to get into the car and quickly drive to where there were cars on the road (fearing abduction). We came to a four way stop where we both got out of the vehicle again to take another look. To our surprise there it was, fixed in the sky right next to us about a mile or two away. We suddenly felt this rush of sickness, enough for my cousin to lean over and start vomiting. So again, we left for safety to a gas station named "Wawa", where we sat for about 5 minutes. While at the gas pump i walked over to where the overhang ended and didn't see the object. So thinking we were safe we got into to the car and left. To our surprise the orange orb reappeared again on the right of us as we were driving. At this point we were so scared and for good reason as this thing was following us. To make matters worse as we were driving i felt this IMMENSE heat hit our car. I felt like my brain was being fried and that I was being cooked in that little car. Then we heard the sound as if something landed on top of the car. To be completely transparent, the sound I hear sounded as if it was a small being softly landing on top of the car. When I described it to my friends and family I explained it as like a sound of a large frog being flopped onto the metal of the car. Then another landed on top of the car. My cousin and I looked at each other in fear. I did not know what to do so I just started praying to God that we would be protected. The amount of fear I felt was so immense that I could feel my heart beat and my chest tighten not knowing what would happen to me next. It all of a sudden felt like our car was floating off of the pavement for a little while. I'm not sure if my cousin noticed the heat or car floating but, I did not tell her due to the fact that she was already terrified. We made it to her sisters job where we kept pointing out the orange orb in the sky but at this point it had travelled back up high into the sky and fixed itself next to some stars as if it had literally knew we would tell her sister. That same night i drove home from my cousins house when we got back in fear and when I went to sleep that night, I'm not sure what this was but it HAD to be related to what just happened to me but, I had dreams of me looking out a window, looking at these enormous trials of what looked like white and blue gases that have been emitted from whatever I was traveling in in my dream. I drew a painting of what I saw out of that window that night on October 10th. I will never forget their power and I will never forget that experience. Since then, I see UFO's constantly in my little home town and have changed my major to aerospace science due to the transformation I experience during this event.
