{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-10-08 18:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546891","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"19996","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4993,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/891/mufon-5546891.json","updb_database_id":5546891}
Strange bright white light hovering

What I saw actually happened over a period of 7 days with me seeing the light/object 5 of those days. Everyday but one, I saw this while I was driving home from work at approximately between 6:15-6:20pm. 

Oct. 8th - As I was driving home, something caught my eye that was straight ahead of me in the distance that was high in the sky and maybe between 5-10 miles away. When I first saw it I thought it was just a plane reflecting the sun, but then once it all of a sudden shone very brightly and looked more like an artificially powered light, I knew that couldn't be the case. It first looked like a single circular very bright white light that then changed to 2 lights with a small space between them, and then back to a single light. It appeared to be stationary and I could not make out a frame,like maybe that of a plane. I can't be sure but it may've had the appearance of a small dark-colored tail. When it's light got very bright, it seemed to overwhelm and cover whatever other mass may've been attached to it. This was all I could see before I had to make a left turn and lost sight of it completely. I wasn't far from home at this point but didn't see the object once I got there which was actually a little closer to where I had actually seen the object in the sky.

Later that same night just after 8pm or so, I went out on my balcony and looked in the same direction of the sky I'd seen the object earlier and saw a very bright whitish flickering star. After about a minute or so, I left the balcony to go eat some dinner and when I went back out to look again in about 20 minutes or so, it was gone. The sky was perfectly clear this night.

Oct. 12th - While driving home at the same time, I saw the strange sphere of light again high in the sky straight ahead of me in the distance. This time it only seemed to stay as one light before it seemed to fade and then move behind a big cloud. 

Oct. 13th - Today I got home a little earlier from work but took my dog out for a walk around the same time I'd seen the object previously. I kept looking up intermittently to see if I'd catch something, and at one point when I looked up, I saw what looked like an object the shape of a circle with the light filling the circle and 2 small upward sloping extensions on either side of it. I only saw it for a few seconds before it disappeared behind a cloud but it appeared to be bobbing and weaving erractically as opposed to in a straight line like a plane. I never saw it again after that.

Oct. 14th - On my way home from work I saw the object again when I'd reached the street where I live. It was more or less in the same position in the sky but seemed to be much bigger than before. It's mass looked dark-colored and was in the shape of cylinder or cone before it flared up in an intense, brilliant white light, almost like a burst of energy like it had done on the other days but this was the absolute brightest I'd had ever seen it so far. Then the light faded back down and then I couldn't see anymore because I had to make a turn and then it was blocked by the neighboring building and I didn't see it when I took my dog out a few minutes later either. 

Oct. 15 - It was very cloudy on the way home today so I didn't think I would see anything today, but through one of the very small breaks in the clouds that was more or less in the same spot I'd seen the object before, I saw what looked like a very small dark colored ball or sphere that just came to one of the cloud openings, but that never completely emerged out from the clouds. I didn't see it for more than a few seconds before I had to make another turn. I didn't see it again. 

I know this all probably sounds crazy and I can hardly believe it myself. 
Keep in mind that everytime I've seen it, it's always been between 6:15-6:20pm. I live in south miami and don't know if maybe what I was seeing is actually out over the everglades since it always seems to be in the western part of the sky. I'd be interested in knowing if anyone else has seen this thing. Could someone here tell me if they know what this is? I've never seen swamp gas but could it just be something like that? Are there any experiments going on with new aircraft by the government in this area? I'd would very much like to hear back from someone about this. In the meantime I'll continue to watch the skies.
