{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503891","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55022","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3109,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/891/mufon-5503891.json","updb_database_id":5503891}
sighted two ufo's with binoculars

On Sunday afternoon, after a one-hour teleconference from California with my shaman teacher and fellow students, went outside on my patio to get some fresh air. 

As I was standing on the patio in the sunlight, felt an urge to look up. 
Saw something in the sky but did not recognize it as any kind of airplane I have ever seen, and I do like to check out airplanes as my father was a pilot.

There was a also a sound somewhat like a jet engine.

Went inside to get my binoculars. The ufo was still in sight when I returned outdoors. Through the binoculars it looked like an aircraft with wings, but the wings glowed and were gold in colour. The body of the ufo seemed silvery-gray in colour. What was really different was that it did not move like any plane I have ever observed flying. It moved very slowly and seemed to turn right, then return to the center, then turn left, then return to center a couple of times. This looked really strange and I thought "that sure looks like a ufo". 

This ufo just disappeared suddenly, though the sky was clear and sunny, with no clouds in sight. 

Then I saw a second ufo from what I assumed was the back, as there was a double contrail. This was close to where I saw the first ufo. This second ufo disappeared suddenly after about 1 minute, leaving no contrails as all. I thought this was quite unusual as contrails usually stay in view for quite a while.

During the sighting I felt quite excited and interested to be seeing something unusual. Have not seen any ufo's for several years.

Also, two days after my sighting, there were two articles in the Metro newspaper about ufo's. These were general articles and did not mention any report of a sighting in Kanata that weekend. These articles gave me the idea to contact a ufo reporting webside. Tried to contact the ufo group in Manitoba, Canada but was unable to report my sighting on their webside, probably due to incompatible software.

Luckily remembered MUFON, and your webside is conpatible with my rather ancient laptop (Thinkpad T61), reconditioned but works quite well.

Both ufo's disappeared very suddenly, not the usual way that airplanes disappear into the distance as I watch them. 

These unusual appearances and flight behaviours were what made me think I was observing a ufo.

I was so excited to be viewing the ufo's that I completely forgot to take photos. I will make an effort to use my camera to take photos if and when I have another sighting.
