{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-22 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523891","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32028","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2621,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/891/mufon-5523891.json","updb_database_id":5523891}
Two white lights appeared in the sky. Then a series of brassy/goldish/yellow objects appeared, seemed to move briefly, then went out and came back. Eventually the colored things and the two white things blinked out and were gone.

Daughter of 26, her boyfriend, and myself were returning from a nearby town. We stopped in to say hello to friends whose house is on the highway we were on--Hwy 11. The husband and wife and their 10-year-old son came out and the six of us stood there about an hour on the porch talking. Across the road from their house is farmland, some trees, and a radio antennae. Nothing was blocking the sky.
Suddenly someone said, "What the heck is that?"
I turned around to look and two lights appeared in the sky, looking like the size of stars. They were white. One was higher than the other, and further ahead. They werent up in the sky like stars, they were way across the field and then up in the air. Hard to say how high, but we were looking up at them. It was very dark out.
Then all of a sudden a couple of brass-colored/gold-colored/bright circles just showed up. They seemed to occupy the space differently than the white lights, which began to move to the right. Then the white lights blinked out. When the white lights blinked back in, they were still moving. The metallic-colored objects seemed to blink in and then went out, then came back in again. two came in, then a couple more, then another one. At one point there were 5 or 6 of these very bright metallic colored "things" visible. Then the white lights went out and came back, and they were still moving toward Canton. Our friends house is about two miles outside town.
A few of the metallic "things" blinked out for good, but a couple of them began traveling toward Canton and were traveling, as my daughter said, very fast."
I had turned around to say something to my friend, and when I turned back, the objects were gone. I didn't see the metallic objects 
moving toward Canton. They were gone by the time I turned back around.
