{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-01-22 10:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282891","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120556","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3291,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/891/mufon-5282891.json","updb_database_id":5282891}
White disc flew overhead

I was standing in my backyard with my kid (a toddler) and we were wearing jackets because it was cold outside. The sky was clear blue overhead and there was zero wind. The sun started to shine in our backyard and standing in the sun I began to feel hot wearing my jacket. So I started to take off my jacket and in that moment it was like dejareve where I knew that this moment had happened in a dream and that the moment was finally happening and it was significant. I knew that the next thing I was going to do was ask my kid if they wanted to remove their jacket. And from what I recall, something significant was happening in that moment. So I figured my kid would throw a tantrum to assert their independence and that was the significant thing. But the opposite happened, my kid agreed and so I helped get the jacket off. I sat down thinking about what just happened and I looked up at the sky. We live about 20 minutes drive from the airport, so we hear airplanes and see them clearly every day and night. I saw a white disc fly directly over my head, starting in the east coming over my house and heading toward the west where I have a palm tree. There was no sound. It was moving rather slow, so I had time to grab my iphone next to me and click the camera icon on the Lock Screen. I swiped over to video and the video. function was completely black. So I swiped up to reset the Lock Screen and hit the camera icon again. It opened to the video function, but again it was black. I looked up and the disc was still flying in the sky moving toward the palm tree. So I used Face ID to unlock my phone and launch the camera app. The app launched and video was now working. I got up from the patio furniture I was sitting on to go peer beyond the palm tree and as I got up a large snap sound and shock of static electricity snapped my right lateral calf, as it was the last part of my body that had contact with the cushion. The disc was gone by the time I made it to the line of sight where it should have been based on how fast it was moving and the line of travel. Wow'd by the events, I brought my child inside the house and a powerful gust of wind blew into the backyard from the north, leaves flying off trees and trees swaying rather violently. The rapid change in weather was shocking to me as the weather especially during the winter and every morning is very still. The winds only pick up in the afternoon. The dried leaves from the bougainvillea latticed over our back door began flying into our home in such quantity and force I had to close the door to prevent anymore from coming in. That wind lasted for a few minutes and then died down back to still.
