{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-01T01:33:26Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 52626, "source_file": "NSA-UFO-FOIA/quarantine/unrelated-legacy-pagination-20260731T230212Z/2016-presidential-transition-brochure-press-kit-insert-4.pdf", "source_sha256": "63291bac9cc8eb108cfe6edf3f7bda3e77a04a2ef3c14abd32ef6a7bc0cdfc7a"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 511, "chars": 3547, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
DEFENDING OUR NATION AND ALLIES
• the nation - protecting
DEFENDING the lives of the American
people - lies at the heart of the cryptologic mission. During
WWII, signals intelligence helped defeat German U-boats in the
North Atlantic and win the Battle of Midway in the Pacific, while
the ability to protect U.S. communications through encryption
provided by Native American Code Talkers and devices such as
the SIGABA kept the enemy in the dark about Allied plans.
These successes hastened victory for the Allies and the end of
the conflict.
The National Security Agency was established in response to the
lessons learned from WWII. While the threats have changed
over the years, NSA has evolved and continues to transform in
the face of an ever-changing global environment. Through its
dual missions to provide and safeguard vital national security
information, NSA is committed to protecting the lives of the
American people at home and abroad, warning of impending
threats to the nation and our allies, supporting and protecting
U.S. and allied troops in harm's way, and protecting our national
leaders as they travel into hostile regions. This commitment -
defending our nation and our allies - is central to the everyday
activities of the men and women of NSA.
COMBATING TERRORISM
Terrorism is a global threat, with groups dispersed around the
world, blending into civil society, and utilizing every possible
means of communication to recruit new members, facilitate
the movement of people and money, and plan and conduct
operations. Defeating these enemies starts with the challenge of
finding them - both physically and virtually.
The mission, skills, and technology of NSA are uniquely suited to this
challenge. Because of the reliance of terrorist groups on modern
computing technology and the global communications network,
NSA's signals intelligence personnel can collect and analyze
information revealing terrorist locations and intentions, while
information assurance helps to protect our most important
communications, as well as those of our partners, from enemy
exploitation.
SUPPORTING THE MILITARY
NSA's role as a combat support agency has been demonstrated
repeatedly throughout its sixty-plus year history. Thousands of
NSA personnel, both military and civilian, have deployed into
harm's way to provide critical intelligence and information
assurance products and services to warfighters. Secure
communications can be a life-or-death issue in a war zone, and
NSA has provided robust mobile communications to tactical
operators and military leaders. "Real Time Regional Gateways" are
classified network portals that allow U.S. military and coalition
partners to analyze enemy communications through advanced
analytic capabilities and rapidly fuse data from multiple
intelligence sources in near-real-time, providing support to
military operations.
DEFENDING NETWORKS
Our nation's leaders have agreed that freedom of access and
movement in cyberspace is a national security priority, and
throughout its history, NSA has been a leader in this area. As
the United States has become increasingly dependent on global
information technology and networks for both personal and
national business, NSA's role as a leader in understanding,
identifying, and mitigating vulnerabilities in cyberspace is
increasingly important. Partnering across government, and
collaborating with allies and the private sector, NSA protects
national security systems and shares information appropriately
on threats and vulnerabilities to those systems. •
