{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-04-21 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501865","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57161","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2681,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/865/mufon-5501865.json","updb_database_id":5501865}
{dr}Observed a spherical object hovering in the distance over the Roses.

I was on a trip with my scout troop, we had just left the Appomattox Battlefield an hour previous en route to our campsite for the night. We became lost and stopped in the parking lot of the Roses to consult a map of the area. We were standing outside the vehicles conversing when one of the leaders exclaimed, "Hey look over there!" at which point we focused our attention to the sky behind the store. There in the sky well over the tree tops appeared a solid grey/dull silver spherical object that appeared to be hovering and revolving in a clockwise fashion. We continued to watch the object for approximately 7 to 8 minutes, at which point the object began to slowly drift in a southerly direction. It never changed altitude during this drift and maintained this course for an estimated distance of 200 to 300 yards before coming to a halt. At this point it began slowly drifting toward our location in the parking lot while slowly descending. I suspect that even at this point it was still quite distant given the fact that we observed this behavior for approximately a minute without the object approaching the area I perceived to be directly behind the store. After a minute of this course the object stopped abruptly and then accelerated rapidly from a dead stop and headed directly into the clouds straight above after which it was not seen again. I've never seen an object move as fast as that sphere did that day. It did not emit any sound, light or other discernible sensory characteristics. Though the exterior appeared dull some sun light seemed to reflect off of it. The exterior appeared to be smooth with the exception of two slightly raised hexagonal protrusions on opposing sides of the upper hemisphere of the object. 
I can't speak for my companions but I was transfixed on the object during the event. I felt that it was one of the most unusual things that I'd ever seen and the whole experience was slightly unsettling. After the object disappeared we left the area and headed to the campsite.
