{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-26 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512865","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45436","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2651,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/865/mufon-5512865.json","updb_database_id":5512865}
{nd} 4 bright lights (Almost like plane headlights) in the sky, slowly moving

Me and 3 roommates were all sitting on top of our roof and suddenly noticed 4 lights very close to each other probably around 30 degrees above the horizon. Each of the 4 lights looked about as bright as a plane that was maybe a few miles away, but they were a solid yellow light (Not blinking colors). They were all very close to each other, almost IDENTICAL to the ones in the pictures from Michigan on the January 10th. Its freaky how much they looked like those. If I were to hold my hands out and make a square with my arms fully extended, they would have all fit in the square. So it resembled 4 planes headlights, as if they were coming directly at us and werent too far away. If youve ever seen a video of a busy runway (Just like the UPS runway) when several airplanes are flying in at once very close to each other, thats EXACTLY what it looked like. One of my friends jokingly made the comment that they were four planes about to fly over and bomb us. I thought maybe they were coming to land at the airport a mile or two from us. But they never moved towards the airport, they might have been slowly moving as a group to the right, but they were all slightly moving just a tiny bit within their formation. We were freaking out, because none of us believe in aliens, but we didn't even know what could look like that other than planes flying directly at us! We watched for a solid 120-150 seconds Id say. Enough to freak out, joke about, and discuss what they could possibly be. Then we were distracted for 2 minutes TOPS because a car drove up to our house. And when we looked back they were gone. Mind you, we were on top of a roof, so the distance for them to fly (if they were planes) to get out of our sight, would take MUCH longer than 2 minutes. Especially since we had already watched them for several minutes without them hardly even moving. The lights had to have either gone out, been turned off, or whatever they were had to have sped off very, VERY quickly.
