{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-16 21:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530865","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24599","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4092,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/865/mufon-5530865.json","updb_database_id":5530865}
Four amber lights in the sky.

At 9:42 p.m., I turned onto OH-744E/Somerville Jacksonburg Rd from State Rd., heading East towards Jacksonburg. Shortly after making the turn I noticed four objects in the sky. The easiest way to describe them is that they looked like amber-colored streetlights. They appeared only as lights -- I could not see any shape or object around or near them. I'm not an expert on judging distance, but, to me, it seemed like they were somewhat above the area where highway 503 cuts through 744 (about three or four miles east of me).

When I first saw them they appeared in a nonuniform cluster. They began to pull slightly and slowly away from each other -- two moving up and out and the other two moving down. Then, one after another, they blinked out disappearing, only to blink back and reappear again one at a time in order.

As I continued driving towards them, I lost sight of them due to a curve in the road and stands of trees and buildings blocking my line of sight. When I spotted them again, they were in an entirely different formation, a descending line from North to South, something like:
O

 O

   O
 
    O

They again, in order and one at a time, blinked out and reappeared.

At this time, I also noticed what appeared to be an airplane or helicopter to the north of the lights. It stayed roughly in the same area just away from them to the north for the next few minutes as I observed them while still driving towards where I assumed the lights were above.

Due to the road, I lost sight of the lights again. I finally came to the clearing where the highway intersected with highway 503, but they were nowhere to be seen. I stopped my car and waited a moment, but they never returned. I did notice what I'm only assuming is the same plane or helicopter I'd noticed earlier (I think it was a plane since I couldn't hear it) heading rather rapidly south towards Cincinnati.

The sighting, although with moments where I could not see the lights, took about 8 minutes. This is probably about double of the average time to travel this distance, but I had phoned a friend to tell him about what I was seeing, and being on the phone and mostly watching the sky instead of the road, I was driving a fair bit slower than normal.
----

I later learned that a hot air balloon festival is occurring this weekend, starting the day of my sighting, in Middletown, OH, approximately 15 miles away. I don't believe hot air balloons are what I witnessed however, for a number of reasons:

1. I looked up the schedule for the festival in Middletown. There was a "balloon glow" event scheduled that night, but it went from 9:00-9:30, and would have ended roughly 15 minutes before I noticed anyway. There was a pyrotechnics event from 9:30 to 10:00, but the object I saw were definitely not fireworks.

2. The sky wasn't that dark yet, and I believe I would have seen the shapes of the balloons themselves if that's what the objects were.

3. The lights themselves simply did not appear like the flames of hot air balloons. They were consistent and did not flicker, and when the objects blinked back and forth it was an instant switch -- the lights did not once alter shape or brightness. The size of the lights as well seem like they were far too large to be a balloon 15 miles away.

That said, I'm still not sure what I witnessed, and for all I know, despite having doubts, it very well could have been lights from the balloon festival.
