{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-08-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547865","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"13876","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3631,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/865/mufon-5547865.json","updb_database_id":5547865}
Light moving in sky (as if reading my mind) and other odd events.

The August date was the last event i seen. I woke up about 2:00 in the morning and I seen a white light pulsing in the tree. It was pulsating very slowly off and on. There is nothing that I can think to explain that. 

About two or three years ago, I again woke up (around 3:00am)and looked out my bedroom window and there was this very, very bright star just hanging in the sky. Just as I thought "Wow that is a bright star" it moved below to an angle, so i thought "That was just my imagination", immediately after that thought it angled off obove again. Then it started pulsating I believe red and green (could have been blue) colors and moving quickly (while pulsating colors) up, down and sideways with my thoughts. I felt as if it was reading my mind. I panicked and ran downstairs with my husband and hid under the blankets. During this peroid of time (months), i recall my husband was outside getting ready for work (around 5:00am) and he came in and said "I just seen a huge owl in the back yard". Probably a coincedence!? The neighbor reported seeing an owl too. I never have. We live in a city.

Since then I've once heard a tapping on my window (someone would need a ladder to do that)as i feel asleep watching tv. I woke up to it and I thought "That was my imagination". I dozed off again and the tapping started again. It sounded like a strong finger going "Thump, Thump, Thump" (definitely wanting my attention). I awoke then this loud fire cracker bang noise came from the window too. This time my little dog ran to the window barking like crazy. I was relieved that it wasn't just in my head.

I hear tapping in my room at night. I have a computer desk next to my bed and i hear like someone is tapping a pencil on my desk. 

As a child (9-10 years old) on July 4th (late 70's) we were outside lighting fireworks and all of a sudden this ball of light about the size of a tennis ball shoots at us (about the hieght of street light) and just sits there in the sky. My family was amazed, we thought someone threw a firework towards us and we were waiting for it to explode. It never did. It stood there while we continued lighting the fireworks (I felt like it was observing us). I didn't take my eyes off it while everyone was working on the fireworks. When the fireworks were done everyone just got bored with the light and went inside. I couldn't believe they would just go in when something so exciting was just watching us. I finally went in after because it wouldn't leave the sky and.

I have so many more stories that i'm confusing as being paranormal or something more UFO/Alien/Abduction. My mother grew up in the San Luis Valley of Colorado and has stories of fireballs in the sky. Seeing lights in her room, a lot of weird things. I'm wondering if any of this is heredity. 

We lived in haunted apartment (or was it?). I would kind of like some direction with all this.

Any suggestions or feedback would be greatly appreciated
