{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-02-01 06:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524865","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30945","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6388,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/865/mufon-5524865.json","updb_database_id":5524865}
Mysterious bright light in the sky reappeared every other morning before winking out when noticed.

This series of incidents took place in Temecula, CA in late 2004/early 2005.

I was around 16 years old and attended a local high school, Temecula Valley High. My family lived in a subdivision across the street from the town's Walmart Supercenter (classy, I know). It was, I believe, my sophomore year of high school and my parents had recently decided that I was being a little mooch expecting rides to school, and henceforth made me walk the mile and a half uphill to school every morning. In those days I was admittedly a big UFO nerd. I read the cheap "non-fiction" paperback books and gobbled up the silly, portentous alien "documentaries" on TV. I state this upfront to admit that there was probably a bias at the time to the sightings I am relating here, as I want to be as factual as possible.

I started walking to school each morning at around 6:30am (it took a good 45 minutes for me to get there, and I was always early). The sun would just be rising up over the hills when I'd get going, and some mornings I would see little lights rise up from behind the hills far in the distance, sometimes two at a time. Some mornings I could have sworn I'd seen them flying low over distant parts of the subdivision, but to be honest that was probably me being paranoid and silly, and the lights rising up in the mornings were probably planes or helicopters from a nearby port that my eager little mind wanted to be something more.

However, what I started seeing later was certainly no plane, or probably even an aircraft.

Some time later in the schoolyear, on my morning walks I would look up at the exact same spot on my route and, for a split second, see a bright light, like a powerful star, hovering at the same spot of sky. As soon as I glimpsed it, it would always "wink out" in a matter of moments. This happened nearly every morning, after sunrise with the sun already well up, at more or less the exact same spot on the road behind the town's Home Depot, adjacent to a baseball field. On Google Maps, the coordinates for the EXACT spot are: (coordinates removed to investigator field) CMS flg 08/16/11 21:40

This was not a streetlight, it was not a case of sun glare, and it was not a reflection off a passing plane--even though I am sure that's what the skeptical explanation would be. The light never moved, it was always perfectly stationary high up against the morning blue sky. The way it winked out was comparable to when one stares up at a spotlight that is abruptly turned off: the light seemed to swiftly implode into itself in a matter of nanoseconds. I was never exactly frightened by this apparition (not until later, anyway), but I did feel a mix of curiosity and anxiety. Odd as it sounds, it felt like every morning I was playing hide and seek with this thing--I would round the same bend after dawn and think to myself "I'm going to see you, I'm going to see you!" and sure enough, the instant I looked up I would catch a glimpse of it just before it winked out.

I don't remember how long this went on for--a few weeks, possibly a month. The final appearance of this thing that I distinctly remember was the most dramatic, and which put to rest any doubts that what I had been encountering in the mornings was something genuinely unexplained. I went on my morning walk exactly as I had almost a hundred times before. I rounded the little bend behind the Home Depot, and looked up expecting to see the thing--but there was nothing there. This was not uncommon, as some mornings it did not appear. I didn't think much of it until I reached the spot where the bend connected to the main highway: I somehow felt that the "thing" was near me, watching. I stopped cold on the sidewalk, and looked directly above. It was hovering straight over my head, obscured slightly by a low hanging cloud or fog--a big white sphere of light, perfectly round. I could not judge the distance it was above me because I was *terrified.* As with every time before, I saw it for only a few split seconds, and then it winked out over my head, gone. I ran up the hill about a hundred meters, adrenaline pumping, before I got tired and stopped to gasp for breath. I looked back, but it was gone, of course. The skeptical explanation will be "it was the sun through the clouds, and you mistook it for something else." Not so, as at the time the sun was still well in the east, and certainly far from a position directly above where I was standing.

I do not remember ever seeing it again after that incident, even though I still made the same walk to school every morning (although I did so with a heightened level of nervousness!) Oddly enough, after that last sighting I pretty much lost all interest in UFOs. I realized that the extraterrestrial hypothesis was ridiculous and made no sense in the context of what I experienced--why would beings from across the galaxy fly all the way to earth to play peek-a-boo with a chubby high school girl?

I try not to draw any conclusions about what it was. The furthest I will go is saying that I definitely believe that whatever it was, it was intelligent (well, it seemed to be at least) and not of human origin. If I were being fanciful, I might even say that it had a sense of humor, scaring me and all that last time. I do not believe it was any kind of craft or machine--at no time did I see any mechanical body associated with the light. It just seemed to be a huge, white orb. I make no assumptions about its motives, either.

I have lived around the world since then, and I must say with a tinge of disappointment that I have never seen anything like it again, although I do look up every so often, vainly hoping.
