{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-01-01 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292865","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110451","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3143,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/865/mufon-5292865.json","updb_database_id":5292865}
repeated, often viewed by county residents

I have difficulty in filling out the preformed questions. Really, this happened so often it was viewed as common.

Here's what I know, and saw, and what I was told. 

As a 17 yr old in foster care, I never really though to ever report this to anyone. I mean, no one would take me seriously right? I also didn't want to cause issues, for my Foster Mother, who told me much of what I am about to relay..and showed me as well. 
Anyone who grew up in the county knows there are certain areas you can't really go in the National Forest up in the Shasta/Trinity forest. The general consensus I had heard was it was a government black site of some kind, research, and development, maybe military, maybe not. This had been happening long before 9/11 so no one thought terrorist detainment center or the like. 

I was talking to my foster mother one night, as she smoked, out the windows cause she did not like smoke in her house. And she said something that caught my attention. Along the lines of " oh there they are again" And after I asked her what she meant she pointed out to me several lights up in the sky over the ridge towards the Forest. We watched them for a while. They changed color, shape, formation, direction, diving, and changing altitude in ways that did not seem to be possible. When I asked her what we were watching, she told me " those are the UFOs. I don't know if they are military, or something else, but they show up here a lot. always over the ridge just there...." She told me that during the winter, we would see them more often and that back that way, was the black site.

Now in my years of adulthood, I have seen and interacted with a lot of technology, I've watched fire suppression helicopters move in mountainous areas... and planes... nothing has ever moved like those lights. it was almost, instant, in the way they changed direction and elevation, and was a steady light show for us. I never felt the urge to get closer to them or to find the black site. It might also not exist, but those lights did. It was not, a Earth-natural event, it was not the Aurora of any other natural event I know off. I don't know if it really helps, or means anything that I am reporting it now. But, maybe, I am not the only one who saw those lights...... maybe someone else in the county did too. Maybe you have already investigated this, and I just missed it...... but if not, someone might want to look into Northern California. I am almost certain, you too can find those lights.
