{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-26 18:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505865","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52971","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3751,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/865/mufon-5505865.json","updb_database_id":5505865}
{nd} Silent Glowing Orange/White UFO Disc/Oval Seen Descending at Extremely-High Speed Over Richmond, VA the Night After Christmas

It was the day after Christmas and the dark night had fallen as I was strolling down my street and arriving in front of my house at the very end of my daily exercise walk. My house lies near the top of a hill and Im facing northeast with an unobstructed view of the sky above Richmond, Virginia.

Suddenly, I see a glowing object approximately 45 degrees above the horizon and descending from south-to-north at an approximate 70-degree angle of trajectory.

What first caught my eye and got my attention was the objects extreme speed, much faster than a manmade airplane! My brain first thought "meteorite" but as I continued to watch I quickly dismissed the "meteorite" theory because the UFOs size, shape, and color were totally inconsistent with all of the meteorites that Ive evern seen during my nearly 54 years on this planet.

The UFO had a whitish-orange glow, but solid with no tail, it appeared to be at least three to four times larger than the usual meteorite, and the UFO appeared to be disc or oval shaped.

By this point, my mind definitely had switched to the "extraterrestrial vehicle" hypothesis and as I really began to focus my consciousness on the object the UFO suddenly blinked out and disappeared from view, leaving me with the impression that the E.T. pilots telepathically "knew" that they were under surveillance by someone on the ground.

I immediately checked my cell phone for the time (6:14 p.m. EST) and took mental note of the direction, distance (1-2 miles away) altitude (300-400 feet), and heading of the UFO that I had just seen. Then rather than going directly into my house I opted to stand in the street for another couple of more minutes scanning the heavens in hopes of getting another glimpse of an E.T. craft.

Note: I have noticed how other independent eyewitnesses in the greater Richmond area have submitted at least four other UFO reports to MUFON this month, including a report where someone videoed a large glowing UFO sphere (orb) that was hovering and maneuvering silently over Pocahontas State Park on Dec. 2, 2013 (MUFON case 52571). Furthermore, a friend of mine who lives in a community behind the park had a helicopter hovering and flying low over his house and neighborhood (very unusual) in the same general time frame. In addition, another friend of mine in the same county photographed several heavily-armed AH-64 Apache attack helicopters flying in battle formation extremely low over a nearby church, and the choppers were coming from the direction of Pocahontas State Park and heading northwest toward the City of Richmond. The Apaches were seen at 6:02 p.m. during rush hour on a Friday. These choppers were very unusual for this area and we believe they may have been hunting or monitoring UFOs. Last but not least and for the record, the National UFO Reporting Center (NUFORC) has been inundated recently with an historically high number of UFO reports with many witnesses across the U.S. and Canada reporting silent orange UFO spheres and orbs.
