{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491865","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67688","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3303,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/865/mufon-5491865.json","updb_database_id":5491865}
{dr}First seen from moving abouv trees . called friend, and reappard for half hour 5 or 6 times.

My Wife and i were at the Avon Ball field, with our dogs and trying to see some fireworks. We forgot the bug spray, so she drove home to get the spray. I noticed a father an daughter playing with a glider plain. as my wife drove off i was watching the kid fly her plane. I was on a blanket and the dogs started barking. looking in the direction of the girl and her dad. Above them over the trees I saw an ORB like orange and yellow object rising from the south east Heading south east. at first this was about 9:30 PM this thing was moving and ascending slow By the distance it was hard to tell the size. But as it moved to the south it gained height and moved slow. I texted my friend Adam he and his family live right across from the park. I am sure he thought i was messing with him, he came over and this thing still glowing and moved up and out fast to the south.He looked in the direction and it got smaller and was gone. My wife came back and the father and his daughter walked over with her to see the dogs that were still barking. I told her and the father and Adam who were still there what happened . Then Low to the south heading to the East it appeared with all of us wondering what it is. My wife took out her phone and videoed it move up and south to south east. Adam took out his phone and fallowed it our view was slight lee hiding by the trees. the at first i thought it to be a candle box but it was not going with the wind. the girl said that the candle box burn out and fall. I taught she was wright.but this never burned out.Adam came back in disbursal. We talked about it for a wile and the father and daughter left. We packed up and said good night to Adam and drove home, about a 1 minute ride , that's why i was so accurate with the directions of the orb.when we got home i was on the deck looking at the big dipper south east sky and there it was bright and still i called my wife and she taped it again for about five minutes, It moved up to the south east and slow.then it picked up speed and was heeding south east on an angle higher and faster and was gone.  Thank you Steven Baiona
