{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-08-11 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548165","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"12064","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2783,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/165/mufon-5548165.json","updb_database_id":5548165}
Star or Planet like UFO moving South PLUS MORE!

This happen on August 11th, 2008 around 9:30 PM Central Time in Saint Louis. I'm a usual stargazer as I love to look at the sky and admire its beauty in our front yard. I have had UFO experiences previously and I also go outside to see if I can see any activity up in the sky. (Please read below for more!). I saw this star-like UFO traveling down south. It was extremely high up. It seemed hundreds of feet above the atmosphere. It has no blinking lights as it looked like a planet. It was traveling straight and slow and then it slowly disappeared which appeared the object had cloaked. When I saw it I was excited and had My eyes on it for most of the time and I thought is that a plane and then with further observing I knew it wasn't any earth vehicle or satellite. 

I have had many experiences like this in the past since 2001. I have seen several like this one this year. I seen a ginormous UFO a few weeks prior which appeared to be as big as Jupiter traveling north which behaved like the one I saw on the 11th. I have seen these behave different in many ways. I have seen them travel back and forth, and cloak and uncloak like a peek-a-boo or a now you see Me, now you don't game. I have recently seen one that was going down east which the entire object was flashing but it was a very slow flashing characteristic. Now, I have seen two that were not like these a couple years ago. These were on two separate days. They both were extremely high but had a very unusual red flashing characteristic and the one went into hyperspace or warp speed like you see in the Star Wars and Star Trek films. That was incredible to witness! I believe these red ones are man made but has alien technology. I have been wondering so long what these are and who/what might be piloting them. It is a wonderful but creepy feeling that I get when I see these objects because I wonder are they the grays, the insectoids or something that we know absolutely nothing about or all of these different species. By seeing these UFOs I know that We are not alone! If anyone has any answers and/or has had these experiences please contact Me with your information!
