{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-04 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501165","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57909","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2696,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/165/mufon-5501165.json","updb_database_id":5501165}
{nd} Three white orb coming at me in front of my house . i was sitting against the house . Took photo as it went over my roof

I was sitting out in front of my home in a lawn chair. Sitting against the house which faced south. All of a sudden two white orbs were coming at from across the street and above trees. There was no sound. I sit out looking for ufos all year around as I have seen one about 20 times in my life . first time was 1947 summer. It was shaped like saturn. 
Anyway it was cold and I had to get my glove off and reach in my pocket . This object did not have far to travel before it was over my head. I would of make a video but there was no time. As I raised the camera up it was almost on top of me. I had to turn around to get it passing over the East side of my roof. What was amazing is it lit up for me right when I snapped the camera. like her you go Lois. Wow . I ran away from the house to look over it. It was gone in a second. Like it just bleeped off. After all the night was early and we live on sort of a busy street .. one way going East. A third orb showed when it was over my head at tail. This was not moving with the normal shape being out ahead . It was like a triangle moving backward as it went North. That is about it besides the photo I have which I will file here. 
My last file was for my granddaughter sighting at Easter in 2013. at springfield. I did my first report around 2000 of an abduction and missing time. 1972, Bloomington Illinois. You still have it on file. I never had a camera but this time I did. I have a video of a tower ufo over my backyard in 2012 I have never filed. I will do this sometime. thank you for filing these reports. All I ever wanted was some one to believe me. 
Yours truly . Lois. 

One photo is zoomed in a little. the other you can see the front of my home and roof where the ufo went over.
