{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-12 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457165","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104411","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5808,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/165/mufon-5457165.json","updb_database_id":5457165}
{cak} Pulled in Drive, saw light, couldn't see outline but had 2 levels of windows/lights, no sound at all. Pictures vid only captured orb not what i saw.

I was driving home from Cincinnati and pulled in my drive in SW Canton about 10:30 pm. As I pulled in, I saw a light in the sky that was abnormal (out of the corner of my eye) I didn't actually look at it but noticed it there as I pulled in. I was focusing on pulling into the driveway and pulling up to the garage. As I pulled up to the garage the house blocked the view if the light...so I got out, walked up the drive about 20 feet and looked up what I would say to be look at a 10 O'clock view in front of the house but it seemed to be up and over a couple of houses to the west. It wasn't above my house but again, if I were at 12 O'clock...it wasn't straight above me...it was more like 10 O'clock as it was above...about 2 houses to the West.
At this point, I didn't feel any emotion really, I was just looking at it and noticing it didn't have any sound at all. This thing was 2 levels high...because I could see even with the naked eye...that there were panes of glass. Each level had yellow light inside, but had 3 panes of glass like from the front, I could say it would be octagon-shaped but it could have been just the front because all I saw was the two levels of windows and inside was lit up with yellow. I could not make out the shape of the craft because it was dark and so all I saw was the two levels of windows. I looked down the house-line and realized there was another one just like it wayyyy down the street. I knew it was the same because I could make out the two levels of light. At this time, I took a couple of pictures with my phone and looked at them right then and there and it wasn't what I was seeing...it showed just orbs. I cant explain why but I took the time to delete them right then and I then took a video of it and again, it just showed an orb looking thing but I noticed one orb shit out from it to the right and towards the ground. At that point, I remember having the feeling of being a little afraid that something would happen if I continued to record the vid so I shut it down and all of the sudden, I heard myself scooting across the driveway saying help me help me help me. I remember going to the back of my car to steady myself and I wasn't interested in going back to look, I was just consumed with how I was feeling. I went straight up the back stairs and a weird thing I remember was that I was telling myself, I'll just come out and see it tomorrow. Yeah I know...weird. I went up the back stairs and into the sliding glass doors where my mother's bedroom was...and I told her what I saw and she wanted to go out but as I looked at the clock, I couldn't believe what I was seeing...it was about 12:15 am I said no mom...it has to be gone by now and she didn't. She was in bed at the time but was expecting me at around 10:30 pm and that's why she unlocked the door. Anyway, I know...I was only looking at this thing for a total of maybe 1-2 minutes (including the two pics and vid...
So pulled in about 10:30 pm...spent 1-2 minutes watching this thing and walking in at 12:15 am...?????
I didn't feel like I had been abducted or anything and don't recall any beings or any clinical setting etc...nothing.
That was the end of the incident but it didn't end there. A couple of days later, I was looking at my phone and saw a video that I don't remember taking and I know I didn't because...
It showed a bright white light background and a silhouette of what looked to be a being ( just like you've heard a hundred times). In the video, it was facing me but half on and half off the view of the vid to the right so I saw only the left side and part of the body on the left side. It had a large head and little longer neck that a human ( besides Merton Hanks of the 49 ers) ha ha
And I saw the arm which was longer like almost to its knee area. Its leg was smaller.
It was walking slowly towards me, very slowly...and all I kept saying on this vid was "I don't know who this is" over and over...like 5 or 6 times and then the video ended. I was so scared after I saw it, I deleted it. I believe I still have a copy or two of the vid I took in the driveway and my scurrying across the drive saying help me help me help me. I know i have this...not on any PC but saved in a safe place in two different ways in safe keeping. Its not really what I saw but it can validate that this happened. 
The one thing I was in awe about was that it was completely silent and it was right there...so close if i had an actual camera, it would have been the best UFO video ever made. 
In the days after and to this day...it has affected the way I see the world...and I questioned my faith. Still do when I think about it. It kind of makes me confused that why didn't I read about things like this in the Bible? I mean there's proof that even before Christ there were pictures inscribed thousands of years ago of spacecrafts and beings. That's another conversation so I will end there. All I can say is...unless you experience it, you cant grasp the REALITY of it. Believe this or not..it did happen. I will never forget it.
