{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-04 18:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530165","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25319","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2481,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/165/mufon-5530165.json","updb_database_id":5530165}
Rare: known aircraft in sky @ same time, daylight sighting of slim cigar shaped craft.

-I was in front yard of my residence doing some weeding. Time around 6:45 p.m. Still daylight
 though sun was lowering.

-I heard a small aircraft pass over and glanced up and observed a small single prop plane 
 proceeding east, nothing out of ordinary. As it passed out of range a glint of sunlight
 caught my attention. It was at a rather higher altitude than the small plane which had just 
 passed.

-Initially it seemed to be a large commercial jetliner. Pretty much the shape of a standard
 fuselage. It shone brilliantly in the sunlight like polished aluminum. It was proceeding
 westward at a fairly stately pace.

-I didn't think very much of it at first, even returned to my gardening. Then I realized
 that there was something unusual about this aircraft... it seemed to have no visible wings
 or stabilizer. I again looked up and sighted it to check out my impressions. Indeed, I
 was unable to discern any wings or stabilizing structures. No lifting surfaces. Long cigar
 tubular configuration. It emitted absolutely no sound my hearing could discern. Very 
 brilliant reflective surface. No odd motion... it just proceeded along at a leisurely clip.
 Had a vague impression of a row of shapes along the flank not unlike standard
 passenger aircraft windows. May have been a white glow at rear of craft but no 
 vapor trail.

-I was not particularly emotionally affected during or after this event, only curious and
 somewhat dubious of my observational skills. However, I have since seen several
 jumbo jets at even higher altitudes and could still discern their wings and hear them.

-The craft made no dramatic disappearance... simply faded into the distance.
