{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502592","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56407","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2773,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/592/mufon-5502592.json","updb_database_id":5502592}
Starlike subject moving across the sky.

I was at my father's house yesterday, and we were camping out in his backyard. Me, my step mom, and my dad were sitting out by the fire we made, at eleven pm to midnight. I kept looking at the sky, hoping to see a spacecraft. Looking back on it now, I'm pretty sure I've seen plenty spacecraft before, I just didn't know what they were at the time. Anyways, I was looking up at the sky, and of course my step mom and my dad were looking at the fire while this happened, but I see something flying through the sky. At first I'm thinking it's an airplane, but then I noticed that first of all, it was flying much faster than an airplane, and second of all it looked nothing like one. Then I was thinking: shooting star? Nope, shooting stars fly MUCH faster than that. But I noticed it when it was about north east of me in the sky, and was able to watch it until it disappeared behind trees to the west of where I was at the time. During the process I just felt like "Oh, this is normal, it happens". Mainly because I've been changing my mindset to recognize spacecraft as everyday objects. Also for some reason, I couldn't feel excited while looking at it. I kind of felt like there was something trying to make me look away from it. Afterwards I got kind of excited though and asked my parents if they believed in UFOs, and they said "no" in their own ways. Then I told them I just saw one fly by and they told me it was an airplane; no, I told them, it was flying too fast and looked nothing like one. They told me it was a shooting star; no, it was not THAT fast. It was a comet; I didn't say this next part because I didn't want to argue over it, but I was thinking "Yea, because comets fly sideways ALL the time. *sarcasm*". Plus, it was too close to be a comet; comets are comets because they are meteors that fly by OUTside of the Earth's atmosphere. It also was not a meteorite because like I said, they don't fly sideways. Not that I know of anyways. It looked either rectangular, or it was circular in the middle with a rectangular aura? Not sure. All the UFO did was fly across the sky, before disappearing behind the tree line.
