{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-06 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495592","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63842","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4203,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/592/mufon-5495592.json","updb_database_id":5495592}
{nd} Black Triangle right above the trees of my house. Changed my life forever.

It was around 9:35 pm when I went outside to smoke. There was snow everywhere and campus was closed that day because of it. It was fairly cold outside as well. The roads were really bad and there were basically no cars driving around at the time. It still wasn't completely dark outside as well. I had the door to my garage open (not the actual garage door, but a small door that you can use to get in the garage) and I was standing in the doorway halfway between outside and in the garage while I was smoking. 

Right when I finished smoking, something caught my eye above the trees to my house. What I saw...i'll never forget for the rest of my life. I'll describe it as best as I can. It was undoubtedly an aircraft..I knew that instantly. However, it did not look like any known aircraft that exists. The first thing I saw was something coming out from above the trees, and the way it moved...it was impossible. It was right in front of me, yet it made no sound. For how big this thing was, and how close it was to me. It was as big as a fighter jet above my house. I could see it plainly. It was black, triangle shaped but not exactly a triangle. Not only that, but it had white orbs built into the bottom of the aircraft. There were quite a few of these white orbs. It slowly moved in a straight line when I saw it, it moved so slow...with no propulsion..like it was hovering. There were no lights on it either. It shifted to the right a little to reveal more white orbs attached to the bottom of it. Again, these orbs were not lit up. It had to have something to do with it being able to move like it did. 

The whole thing lasted about 10 seconds before I turn around and ran back into my garage, tripped over a push mower, and ran back through a door in my garage that connects to my room, and locked the door behind me. I have never been so scared in my entire life. NOTHING in my entire life have a seen anything that comes close to what I saw that night. It changed my life. My entire life culminated into a single moment wouldn't be as significant as what I saw. I was crying out of fear and confusion. I didn't go back outside for the rest of the night.

Before this event, I always considered UFO's to be a possibility, but I never considered them to be a reality. Until now. There is no doubt in my mind that what I saw was real. I don't know if this was a government entity or otherwise. All I know is that it was a highly advanced aircraft, with technology that we couldn't even comprehend. It fairly easy to make that assumption from what I saw.

I have no reason to lie about this. I can't sleep at night now, and I am afraid for my life. I am almost positive that it saw me, because of my proximity to it. This happened only days ago, and I am still scared to go outside now at night. I've never been like this before. It is like seeing a ghost; something unreal that you can't explain. 

I have so many questions about what I saw, but no answers. That's the scariest part. I hope that my story gets out there, because I want people to know that these things, whatever they are, are out there. I have included a drawing that I did about 1 minute after this happened. It is not completely accurate because was symmetrical designs on both sides of it, but it is the best I can do. I never really got a good look at the back of it either. Thank you so much for reading about what happened to me.
