{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-06 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516592","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41524","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3279,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/592/mufon-5516592.json","updb_database_id":5516592}
(GS) Witnessed a star like object initially followed by multiple other moving objects

Aug 6 2012. 

It was late at night, possibly between 10:30 and 11:00 pm, we were getting ready to go to bed and as usual sat outside on the porch for a few minutes. We have been seeing a significant increase in UFO activity since July 4th. It has been an almost nightly occurance. 

The night in question began by my husband pointing out a hovering object that was getting brighter. As we watched the object, which was just about directly overhead, it grew much brighter, almost pulsating and then slowly got dimmer and began to move in a NW direction. It appeared to leave the atmosphere as it was very bright and dimmed the farther away it got. Shortly after that (within minutes) we both saw bright orbs shoot across the sky in different directions. These simply appeared in the sky, bright, and then shot off very rapidly. After the initial sightings of the orbs, we then saw what seemed to possibly be a plane or a satellite but had no lights and was much to large to be a satellite. It had a similar flight pattern however, but seemed to be much quicker and larger with zero noise. 

After witnessing all of this activity, we then noted 8 planes / helicopters that all were flying in the same general direction and vicinity of where these sightings were. The planes / copters were heading in a West / SW direction coming from the North. 

August 4th - we were in kootenai county, post falls actually, intentionally watching for activity and saw a star like object actually descend, pause, hover and move from left to right and then descend again. It then began to move to the left until it appeared to be in vicinity of a radio tower over Liberty Lake. Then it significantly brightened and took off at a very rapid speed to the right and out of sight. A second one just appeared in the same vicinity about 20 minutes later and did the same thing although it moved to the right behind a different radio tower before taking off. That night we witnessed the shooting star type objects appear and dart across the sky as well as the larger than normal satellite type objects. 

Prior to this, we have witnessed a number of orange glowing orbs that appear, get brighter and ascend prior to vanishing. We have probably seen between 10 and 15 give or take a few. the orange orbs seem to appear over bodies of water, and water seems unusually low this year. Coincidence? Weather? Not sure. 

Late June: Was outside occupied with something when an orb got significantly brighter until it felt as if a camera was on us. Once i noted my feelings of being studied, it got brighter and then blinked out.
