{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-24 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467592","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93069","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2546,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/592/mufon-5467592.json","updb_database_id":5467592}
Blinking lights and one bright light cone that changed directions

I was walking at the shore of the local fjord, the Schlei with one other person. I heard the distant roar of a jet engine then the other person pointed at an object in a low trajectory above the fjord. Though the person insisted it to be an UFO, I immediately thought of a military jet. The vehicle itself was not visible against the dark sky but two alternate blinking lights and one very bright light which moved around. It travelled frome east to west, following the fjord and vanished shortly whenafter.

As my companion freaked out and still believes it to this day to be a "real" UFO, I have to say something about that just to clear other sightings of this kind :

We have a military airport at Jagel, some miles out of Schleswig. If returning from a flight path from the baltic sea, military flights of pilots stationed at Jagel like to follow the Schlei fjord. They can align their landing procedure and slowly descent without overly bothering civilians. The used planes are Tornado fighters which were modded to death by German Airforce to be a multirole plane. One feature is a highly customable searchlight of tremendous power. The Tornado is not only able to fly almost at sea level, it could also fly relatively slow. The Schlei fjord has highly reflectable buoys to mark the shipping channel. So the pilots use their landing corridor over water to test their search lights without making too much noise and freaking off stray cattle.

I do post this here for people like my unknowing companion who REALLY think that it was an UFO. With chance you can witness such a flyby in early evening hours to have a clear view on a Tornado fighter doing the exact same thing; only you can't see the searchlight when there is too much daylight left.

It's literally an unknown flying object if you don't know above facts and a lot of people were wondering about the nightly light show.
