{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-27 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485592","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74137","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2962,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/592/mufon-5485592.json","updb_database_id":5485592}
{jpg} Focused,bright white light thru windows.

On Wednesday night 1/27/16, my wife was in our upstairs bedroom. She told me what she saw: A bright, concentrated "white light" shown through two of our windows; the light was rectangular in shape, approximately 10'x 10'. The light "flashed" several time like a strobe light and then it went away. She also said the white light had "blue" coloring in it.
  What makes her experience even more bizarre is that it coincides with an almost duplicate experience I had about two months prior: When she had her experience, I was downstairs doing some paperwork. When I came up, about 11 p.m. she detailed the event to me, as described above. When I had my experience, I was outside playing my ukulele about 11 p.m. With me, extremely focused, concentrated white light shown on the exact same two windows of our upstairs bedroom.
  The "white light" flashed, kind of like a strobe light. It did this "on and off" three or four times and then the light was gone. What was also very odd, was that there was no source, that I could see, from where the light originated. I told my wife about my event and now, about two months later, she had the same thing happen.
  What makes our events even stranger, is that about four to six months earlier, I was, once again, sitting outside, playing my ukulele, at approximately the same time, 11 p.m. The night time sky was totally clear. Very low, overhead, maybe 100', coming directly towards me, a very large, black UFO appeared. It was "silent." It made no sounds. It had three red lights, but I could not actually tell what its shape was, because the sky was clear, but dark, and the UFO was black in color.
  I called out to my wife and told her to "hurry downstairs, come outside and 'see' this thing." She did so, and "together" we saw the craft move extremely, slow; it almost seemed to be "hovering" overhead and then it kind of glided away at a slow speed and then, a minute or so later, it moved away very quickly and then it was gone. We talked about it for a long time afterwards. 
  Over time, we have recounted the UFO encounter to a few of our friends, but we have never mentioned the "white flashing lights." We obviously do not know if the "lights" and the UFO sighting are related; but we do know, these things have never happened to us before.
