{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-23 17:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452592","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109049","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3732,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/592/mufon-5452592.json","updb_database_id":5452592}
ORB/BALL OF LIGHT/IT SHINED WHITE GREEN(BUT WITH MY SHADES ON IT HAD UP RIGHT LOOK)..

I was hanging out front in a apartment complex with two other neighbors. I have a habit of staring out into the sky, I know im sky watching so I stair at the sky almost unknowing hoping I get a chance. Thats the basics, I spotted something with shape hanging in the air on a windy day and because it DID NOT FLOW WITH THE WINDS(PALM TREE LEAVES AS WIND SOCKS). It jumped out from that point..!! I kept my eyes on it, watched it move still-is/hover/float but against the winds. It was moving slow and in control. At this point, Ive been who I am as a SKY WATCH person I know what I need to see to make a shot call. My two neighbors caught me staring for days, zoned out/fixtated on something. They never could see it they also say eye sight on both of them is not so good currently. I excepted their NOT ABLE TO SEE WHAT I WAS SEEING excuse because maybe it was super difficult on a clear sunny day, a light almost meshing because of that bright white green color. I know it must of melted cause I struggled refining it when I took my eyes off of it. (KILL ME: I GRABBED MY PHONE BUT TO TOUGH TO FIND, NOT CAPTURED IT. My neighbors never seen it and began clowning me that I just kept track as it hovered and made stiff small directional movements. 

WITHOUT SUNGLASSES: 
So like I said my neighbors never seen it so we tried everything to see what I was seeing. IT NEVER HAPPENED WITH THEM..!! So back me up on what I seen, Only that I was staring or tracking something they never seen. But in the middle of that, one pointed out let me try looking with me sun glasses, yes they were on. As I took them off and caught with un glassed eyes it turned into bright light. White green.. Clear sky blue back ground, bright sunny day. I HEARD IT ALL DURING THAT 25 MINUTE GIVE OR TAKE. But I call myself a sky watcher for these resigns. I know what I tracked and ran down the list of what it wasn't and why it moved that way. With glasses it had more head ball shaped with longer Botton almost solid upright separated then the ball shape. No glasses glow, blur, something that floated against the wind that could of been shine from the sun on the correct side. But defiantly solid, had color, moved with control almost pattern, strict change. Extremely hovery with the current wind, NOO WAY!!. Took away the healthy basics, ballon, anything balloon-is or balloon. Something possibly of material that should of floated with directions of wind but doesn't. Helicopter or some small something that would of explained a light, glowing or shine from sun but u know it when u see all things that you don't believe its this or that. No glasses and with glasses I was watching a glowing orb in the sky that moved slowly. Altitude: started with distance, Good 5 minutes with eyes on it then neighbors calls me out looking at something. So even when my necked moved to show them and point out it kept a strict flight move even though palm tree leaves stayed blowing in a solid direction and hard blowing.. This just happened and enjoyed getting that off my chest...
