{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-07-17 23:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548592","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"9424","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3951,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/592/mufon-5548592.json","updb_database_id":5548592}
Lights from a UFO followed my vehicle at ground level off the roadway about 100 yards or less for several miles.

MEMORANDUM UFO SIGHTING
				             July 17, 2007

On my return trip from Castle Rock and Florence Colorado, late night of July 17, 2007 about 11:50 p.m., I had an encounter with a UFO that followed me for about 5 miles on route 160 not far south of Cortez, Colorado located in the Southwest corner of the state of Colorado. 

While traveling South on Route 160, shortly after leaving Cortez, Colorado, I observed to my right, (west) next to the roadway a distance of what appeared to be, from my perspective, about a hundred yards, two horizontal parallel rows of lights perhaps 25 feet apart one above the other, moving like strobe lights from right to left (what would be clockwise if coming from a sphere rotating in a spherical manner). These lights followed at the same pace of my vehicle for about a mile and when the roadway turned somewhat sharply to the left the lights passed in front of me still off the road but as I came out of he turn the lights were now on my left (east) side of the road about the same 100 yards or less off the road. At first I didn't know what it was I thought is it a train. I couldn't conceive what it was. I began to think it was a UFO, I slowed down, opened my window to listen but heard nothing, of course, my engine was running so that diminished the sound if there was any. I drove like that for about a mile or more and the lights stayed with me. Then I started to leave the lights behind as it apparently stopped and I kept driving. The lights stayed where they had stopped but kept rotating making them appear like strobe lights. 

Finally, I found a dirt road to pull off to my right (west side of the road) I got out and took three digital photos of what I saw, but they only came out as a faint light in the photo - I was about a 1/3rd of a mile from it when I decided to take the pix, and all I really saw the entire time I watched it were the lights moving similar to strobe light movement. It occurred to me that the lights I was seeing were actually the result of the spinning of the object. It was quite large but I could only see the lights because it was a moonless night and it was pitch black in the desolate area of SW Colorado. I eliminated any possible earthly object or phenomenon, ergo, it was a UFO. I should have investigated further but didn't - I'm an idiot! It was right there, within reach, not out in the sky. I'm attaching 3 photos that I took.  All it shows is a light left of the mile marker that is prominent in the pix. The reflective nature of the mile marker responded to the flash. I was hoping that even though I could not see the object except for the lights, that maybe some photo expert could determine the object that the lights were coming from. The distance was about 1/3 mile away from where I photoed it. It was late and I had a long drive back to Palm Springs, so I just drove away with the lights still visible in the same place where it stopped.
