{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1963-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477592","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82563","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2277,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/592/mufon-5477592.json","updb_database_id":5477592}
Flew over 180 degrees from N to E over me in the dark. Could be no plane

On a sudden moment i saw an silver shining object (sorry , i'm Dutch, English is my second language)come above the horizon in the west when it was dark in the eveningh. I started to watch how the shining thing climb higher from a far distance. First i was thinking to a comet or meteor but the object did have no trail and climb higher all over the horizon so i keep following it. It made a 180 degrees parabolic flighht. A plane was in the sixties (1963.) not commmon on that place and if it was a plane that was lightened by the sun that was not possible becoase the sun cannot follow a plane 180 degrees and shine to the belly of a plane all the time. Also there was no sound. On school whe learned about comets and meteors but i understand this was very different. For years i did not speake to anyone about this event. When i put a message on the internet 2 years ago or people wanted to read what i see that time a lot people asked me to do so. I wrote so exactly as possible in my own language this event and the comment's i got where all like : What a story, you have seen something remarkeble and no negative comment's. 
Why i contact you is becoause on the Discovery science channel in Holland is now a program named : Close encounters. With many different stories and subject and on a sudden moment i see your name. I Gooled Mufon and found this site. I hope you contact me, i know it was 50 year ago but still have not one clue what i see. Also on the TV nothing lookes on what i have seen. I don't make this story for fake but i did i'm still curious about thhis event. Have a nice day; Jaap van Roosmalen
