{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-07-15 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506592","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52171","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2224,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/592/mufon-5506592.json","updb_database_id":5506592}
UFO Hovering over House (soundless), green light beam enlightening yard, take off without light but loud noise

Around 2 am I laid in bed but couldnt realy sleep as it was too warm. The bedroom was located in the basement, having big windows facing the yard. I opened my eyes amd saw a bright greenish light, maybe a beam, enlightening the yard. The light was brighter than the usual spot located in the yard and it had a different light color (the actual halogen spot is not green). Somehow it didn't seem to bother me and I felt to be at odds with myself whether I should get up and have a look out off the window or to get out off the house. In someway I also felt like I wasnt really able to move amd I closed my eyes again. After about 1 minute I got scared to death when the light disappeared but a noise Ive never heard before come from over the house. It was a growling, roaring and rumbling noise that went through my bones and went from a deep sound to a higher and higher sound as the thing liftet off. I still wasnt able to move and shocked deeply. After some 10 minutes later I heard the same noise again. This time it sounded like it was a couple of streets away. The same roaring with the same lift off sound. After that weekend, I told a colleague about it and he told me that he read something in a forum from a guy who wrote that he had seen something glowing and hovering over the village where I was that night, but I couldnt and cant find his entry. If anybody could tell me what it was that I saw and heared, if anybody could approve this happening it would really ease my life as Ive been dealing with this for 7 years now.
