{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-04 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482592","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77363","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3305,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/592/mufon-5482592.json","updb_database_id":5482592}
{jpg} A double pyramid conjoined by glowing balls. A very large pyramid outline (outlined by glowing lights) with a line on the bottom connecting to a smaller outlined pyramid shaped object. Completely see through.

Ok. At this night, I was at my friend Meghan's house. Meghan is a "spiritual" person. She believes in higher beings and NOT in 1 God. As for myself, I was at a point in my life where I was wondering how we're got here, who created us and that I believed "aliens" existed. So she tells me she went to Arizona for a trip and stopped at a spiritual shop and purchased a ring with a stone on it called; Moldavite. A stone which explained to connect humans with beings in other dimensions. She was told about this stone before she bought it and NEVER wore it after her purchase. When I was at her house that night, she told me about this stone, because we were talking about "other beings", she brought the ring out and showed me. It was such a beautiful smooth cloudy green stone. She said that if you wear it while you sleep, your soul leaves your body and visits another dimension. I did not believe what she was saying. I just laughed. So I asked her if I could wear it. So she gave it to me and I put it on my finger. As soon as I wore it, I started to feel nauseous. I also felt light headed. But after about 1 minute, I was as calm as I had ever been. Perfectly comfortable. I wore it for the remainder of my visit, (about 1 and 1/2 hours). I gave it back to her and I went home. It was between 10:30-11:00 p.m. when I had got back home. I had different telescopes and used to sit outside almost every night to just view the heavens. But I had just got back so I thought I'd take out my dogs in the yard before I got cozy outside with my telescope. As usual, I look up into the sky directly over my house and I see the outline of 2 pyramid shaped glowing balls. The created the 2 shapes with the glowing lights as the lights, (with EQUAL spaces between each ball). It seemed as long as 2-3 football fields but directly right over my house. I felt terrified and ran inside after 15 seconds of seeing this in disbelief, and called my brother to come out and see what I was looking at. About 25 seconds later when I got back outside, it was gone. Nowhere to be seen. I even used the telescope to track the object. Over the years, I learned about Jesus and became a born again Christian as I learned more and more about the Lord. The ONLY thing that this object could have been, was a group of Fallen Angels. The Bible says that Satan can transform himself into light. As so for his angels. Weird.
