{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-20 17:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529521","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25999","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4160,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/521/mufon-5529521.json","updb_database_id":5529521}
uso became ufo flying out of monterey bay. affected power grid

I became quite sleepy at about 5:30 p.m. and laid down. At about 5:50 p.m. I came out of my stupor to answer the ringing phone. It was my wife telling me she was going into the store for groceries, then she would be home directly. At this time it was still daylight.
We live beside Monterey Bay in California. Our apartment is very close to the ocean and we have a limited view through the trees from our bedroom and deck. I could see that the marine layer (fog) was thickening with a very low cloud cover. Really, a pretty normal day for around here. I did notice that it was very calm, not a breath of wind. 
The next thing that happened was our power browned out. My bedside lamp became very dim and the cable, internet and phone went off. Yet our overhead lights came on, but were very dim. The lights would respond to the on/off switches, but would come on very dim, kind of glowing. I remember thinking that it must be a U.F.O. overhead, which was kind of a strange way for me to react. I lit a candle and decided that a transformer or something must have blown.
At roughly 6:10 p.m. my wife got home with the groceries. She was in a flustered state. She came into the bedroom and said "good, I'm glad to see the lights doing this here also." Yet, ours was the only apartment in our building and complex (around 100 apartments with a pool and beautiful courtyard surrounded on 4 sides by the complex), that was experiencing any brown out. She noticed that our porch light was flickering but none of the others in our building was flickering, all were normal. Then, she dropped the bombshell.
When she was in the grocery store, checking out, the lights browned out and the clerk lost the screen on her cash register. However, she was able to process our debit card though it took much longer than usual to go through. There were several people around and most remarked that it must be a brown out. She then got into our truck to come home.
In our neighborhood, you can go through the middle of town or drive right along the ocean. We almost always go the ocean way. As she got to Lover's Point, she saw what she perceived as a ball of fish stirring up the otherwise eerily calm water. So she pulled over to watch for dolphin, which is usually the first species to react and feed on a ball of fish. In face, it it usually the dolphin who round up the fish and force them to the surface. It is something we see quite regularly as we are avid ocean watchers.
Suddenly, the water became completely calm much more rapidly than usual. By this time she was looking through binoculars that we keep handy in the truck. She saw the water calm, then a beam of what she described as pure light energy, similar to a laser, came up through the water at a 50 degree angle. This caused absolutely no disturbance on the surface of the bay. This light shot up and at the top of this beam, she saw an egg shaped object that was extremely bright, yet she said she could see the clouds through it. Apparently it was clear yet solid, a bit like a light bulb. There was a very small space between the beam of light and the object. This beam and object were a vivid sea foam blue and the marine layer around it glowed a tangerine orange color she described as kind of like a halo.
Then the object shot off to the north at a crazy rate of speed while simultaneously the beam retracted back into the water. Both things happened in a split second and once again the water which the beam was entering was undisturbed. 
H
