{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-01 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503521","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55413","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2801,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/521/mufon-5503521.json","updb_database_id":5503521}
{cak} I've never seen an object in the sky that gave me goosebumps until this night.

This night was different. My cousin and I were out having a smoke break from playing a video game. It was a crystal clear night. No clouds in the sky. We were on the deck, off the back of his house. The sky was impressive that night. In this rural area, it seems you can see endless amounts of stars. I was telling him to look up and check the sky out. We were checking out Orion, Taurus, and there was a little Crescent moon nearby. I had turned around and was looking inside the sliding glass door, into his house. All of a sudden, my cousin is like almost screaming at me to look at this. He kept saying it, "look at this!". I have pointed out things before that were satellites in the sky, slow moving. We had seen shooting stars back there, before. I wasn't expecting to turn around and see what I saw. I turned around and he was pointing to something in the sky. I looked in the direction he was pointing at and saw a big, flying V in the sky heading south to north in a straight line. It was sort of dim at first but then it banked, and the v got brighter. It looked like the moon was reflecting off the surface that had caused it to get brighter. We both were like " what is that"we heard no sound. I thought we were going to see it for awhile but it just vanished, mid sky. I went to college to be an aircraft mechanic at Embry riddle aeronautical university and I know what I saw wasn't a technology that has been released to the public yet, if it isn't alien. We went back inside, and we're pretty shook up about it. We had both seen it bank to the left, so the wings were more visible at one point during the sighting. It's one thing to see an object by yourself and you feel like everyone will think your crazy if u report it. But we both saw it. It's now been a couple of weeks since that night, but it's still the first and last thing we talk about. We've tried to debunk it ourselves but keep coming back to, it just wasn't from here. It was soo still that night, there was no sound. It was too big, flying too low not to blow the roofs off houses with sound. The no sound thing really is what gets to me.
