{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-02 23:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514521","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43693","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3710,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/521/mufon-5514521.json","updb_database_id":5514521}
{dr}Two large balls of light 30 feet away followed my car for several miles

As called in to ASD on 11/3/2012 by the primary witness who wishes to remain completely anonymous - he would not leave his phone number or e-mail address for follow up. 

I was driving north on 291 Highway from Lees Summit when my wife noticed some strange lights to our right (East) of our position in the tree line. The two objects were perfectly round and glowing white. They approached our vehicle from the trees to the East of our position approximately 100 away, then maintained a position approximately 30 from our SUV and at approximately 20 off the ground. They were flying very low, and maintained the same speed as my vehicle, one following the other just 10 behind. The object sort of bobbed up and down as they moved along a straight-line path. They seemed to be observing us. I slowed down to 45 MPH but my wife was upset and did not want me to stop, so I slowly sped up again as we drove past 40 Hwy. There were no other vehicles on the road at that time, which is very odd for this part of town. Even late at night you would expect some traffic on this highway. As we sped up again, the objects sped up, keeping pace with us exactly. My wife attempted to get pictures with her cell phone, but it would not work. She then tried to use my cell phone, but it wouldnt work either. The phones were on, but they would not take photos. Before and after the event, the phone cameras worked fine. We did not think about calling anyone, we were so mesmerized by watching the objects that we thought of little else. I was just trying to watch the road and not wreck the car and watch the orbs at the same time. They had an eerie glow about them, they were not very bright, and there was no reflection of light on the ground or other objects. After about 10 minutes, they both turned to the right at a 90 degree angle and shot off very quickly to the East and out of sight in a matter of a couple of seconds, keeping very low to the ground. A minute after we lost sight of them, we saw two helicopters coming from the Northeast which flew around the area where these objects were, then off to the East. It looked like they were Military helicopters, perhaps Apaches. We were both shaken by this, but curious as to what they could possibly have been. At about that point we started seeing traffic on the road again, which we thought was odd. If the military was looking for them, they must have seen the objects on radar. It seemed like the objects were under intelligent control, and almost like they were some sort of life form themselves rather than vehicles, although I have no idea why that thought occurred to me. My wife had a sticky substance in her hair the next morning which we couldnt identify-she was upset about it and washed it out. I don't know if that came from the objects- she had her window open while watching the orbs and trying to take the pictures. We would like to know of anyone else has seen these orbs and what they are, and that is why I called. My wife and I are professionals and don't want any publicity.
