{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-06-15 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490521","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69064","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2412,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/521/mufon-5490521.json","updb_database_id":5490521}
{nd} Looked somewhat like lost in space saucer

My friend and I were cutting someone's grass and the mower stopped. We checked the sparkplug and my friend pulled the cord and it shocked me. He left and it was still daylight, but the next thing I remember is it was dark and I looked up and saw the object in the sky over me and to the right. 

I have had many dreams about this over the last 46 years and I was watching a show about people being hipmatized and they could remember or give more details about what happened. I know I was on the object and remember light and shapes but not much more. If there is any way you can help me would be very much aprechated.I still have dreams about it and sometimes can't sleep at night because of this thing that happened to me so many years ago.The last thing I remember is the craft moving off slowly with the lights going round and round on the bottom of the craft. 

All I can really be sure about is that I was by the lawn mower after being shocked and it was daylight and when I saw the craft I was still in the same place but it was dark outside. I have been confused about this all my life and wonder if I have been conducted more than once in my life and the dreams I've had are real and not just dreams. Leading to me not being able to sleep after I am put back in my bed. 

Can you help me? After this happened I started drawing the head of an unusual shape that I can reproduce at any time and I had never drawn anything like it.I know I was only about 10 years old but I still remember like it was yesterday. I was never scared or remember being hurt in any way. But I know what I saw and I don't understand why I would start drawing a head that looks very much like a gray. I was 10 and didn't even know what a UFO was much less what they would look like.Thank you
