{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-09-01 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505521","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53329","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7015,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/521/mufon-5505521.json","updb_database_id":5505521}
silent huge black triangle 4 yellow lights at front

I started my research into U.F.Os a long time ago .When I was a teenager I was very sceptical of the whole subject of flying sources and aliens when one or two people told me there experiences I put it down to madness or unhinged loons. Yep .I can see why people who have never seen the unexplained dismiss it, so to hold on to the safe life they believe they are in control of, to a certain extent.
My whole world was turned up side down, when I turned 19.in 1979.I had a close encounter. Only presently with in the last few years thanks to the internet and new friends have I understood what it was I witnessed .There is no account that can match my experience exactly, but some accounts of craft that do have similarities in massiveness of size and very slow speed with dim lights do exist. One example is the famous massive V shaped craft seen by hundreds of people including the governor, who admitted he saw it after mocking it at the time of hysteria over Phoenix Arizona. This can be seen in the documentary shown earlier this year called. 1Secret Access U.F.O documentary1, on the history channel. This experience has never left me and is as fresh as the late evening air upon that moonlit clear night. Here is my account of that experience of 1979 and the amazing thing that happened to me last may2012.
    I lived with my mother on the Hatfield estate in Witham Essex .I often went to Silver End to see my sister and as young people did in those days end up missing the last bus ,or having a lack of money, end up walking home for miles and end up hitching a lift. This particular night was one of them nights. I managed to hitch a lift to Witham town. By the time I got to the traffic lights at the end of Spinks lane it was approximately eleven o1clock pm .The sky was clear with a bright moon and stars. Spinks lane runs behind the Hatfield estate. .Half way down the lane is a very long dark path that cuts across the side of three football pitches and a large open playing field separated by a high chain link fence on the right hand side just like the ones you see around tennis courts .far over the other side of the fields is the embankment for the train line running from Witham to Chelmsford .To the left, the path runs behind bridge hospital and the fire station. A continues long concreted wall about six feet high separated the hospital grounds and fire station .But the moon was bright so it wasn1t as dark as usual that night. Interdentally the path is approximately 1000 feet long and from fence to wall 15 feet wide and is now called Bramston sports ground.
If you google map it, note there were no buildings there in them days you can get a scale of the aria.
Any way .I had walked approximately half way and one can see the width of the Hatfeild estate far away in front spanning the near horizon from the left across to the train line in the distance with a beautiful huge clear star lit night sky above. I turned to look back to see how far I had walked. I looked up and saw a long thin black line .I was not Shaw what it was. The black line got wider as it came from the near horizon .I noticed a dim yellow glow in the middle of the line .I stood transfixed, motionless just looking wondering what on earth it could be .All matter of explanations flooded my mined I new all aircraft as my father was in the RAF nothing fitted this what so ever. As it drew nearer I saw it had a point in the middle where the yellow glow was and the profile of a triangle looking on from front edge was emerging and taking shape as it game closer. It seemed like ages before it came over head a little to the left as I was still facing away from the estate. As it got closer it was massive there was no sound .it was black as black. The yellow I had noticed was clearly fore large yellow dim amber lights at the front of the craft. All fore yellowish amber lights were at the front apex in a diamond formation there were no other lights at the rear just the fore at the front. When it was directly above me it was massive and totally silent.
Mesmerised by the lights and totally awake I didn1t move or scream shout or do anything. I wasn1t Shaw what to do .as the craft slowly and silently was passing over my head .It seemed so low and huge that you could reach out and touch it. The size of this was amazing One rear tip of the triangle was way over the railway line and the other tailing edge was over the hospital.1 Massive it was! As the triangle passed over me it seemed like an age. By this time I had turned to face the estate, as it moved away the profile started to change as I was starting to view it from the rear perspective .I could still see the lights towards the front as it slowly and silently moved towards the Hatfeild estate .When it was on the near horizon over the estate it span the houses and more .till it was a thin black line looking on to its back end. that grew shorter as it got further way .God I didn1t know what to do I was existed and frightened and just ran home .I drew it and it was going over in my head over and over .I didn1t know what it was But the feeling it wasn1t right or normal has stayed with me till today.
  After a few months I still hadn1t told anyone as I new id be called a liar or no one would really believe me .So in the end I Thought id just accept it as an experience and not talk about it .In or on around 1985 as a guess I met a guy at a meeting in a pub called Trevor .We got chatting and he said he was a member of the UFO society in Colchester .I told him of my experience He remarked that Triangles were common. I was stunned as I never new anything about triangular UFOs .He took a statement for the record. And I gave him some fresh drawings as the other1s got lost. Since then I am open about what I saw and am not frightened of being laughed at.
    I haven1t seen any thing that exactly matched the triangle I saw .But there is a Fantastic twist to this. I was put on a work placement last month .I am having a tattoo removed and one of the volunteers at work said ohh! don1t get rid of it it1s a star .We got talking and she said When she was younger around 1979 she saw a huge triangle in Maldon Essex with fore Yellow lights at the front at about 10.00 pm Maybe she saw the same craft an hour before it reached Witham .I feel she saw the same one .. But who would expect to believe that one 1
