{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-08-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546521","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"22252","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2903,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/521/mufon-5546521.json","updb_database_id":5546521}
I saw the top of a large triangular shape ufo

Late night in Aug.1989 I was driving my 3 boys home on the Long Bch. Frwy going west. My exit Bell Ave, was about a half mile away so I pulled over to the right lane. There was an older model car going very slow in front of me.I was frustrated, but decided just to bear it out. I glanced off to the left of the freeway, which is elevated quite a bit above the actual street level of the surrounding city.
 I thought something looked real strange, a large part of the street lights..all lights, were blacked out except for some tiny brilliant white blue lights arranged in a pattern on top of a HUGE blackish/dull dark grey object. I decided to pull off to the side of the freeway and get out for a better look. The car in front of me also pulled off to the side in front of me. We were both right at the mouth of my off ramp, Bell. 
I got out of the car, left the kids in the car for safety reasons and the old couple in the car in front of me got out too. We stood there silent watching this thing. I at first thought these were helicopters maybe spraying malathion, But there was no noise, at all. Then I noticed that the lights were fixed, not like helicopters and they were bluish white and intense.The body of this thing was huge, way bigger than a couple of football fields, triangular, solid and the color of the body was real dark so you couldn't actually see it, except for the city lights blacked out underneath.All of a sudden I became aware that "You were not meant to see this" in a stern sort of benign way, and it slowly started taking off,silent, forward and up at a slight angle. It banked left in front of some hills, it blacked out the lights, that's how I could see it still. It kept banking left with it's roof? facing me the whole time and once it was facing east, towards Palm Springs it just super blasted off. It had just taken me an hour to drive from where it disappeared, but it was gone in maybe 10 seconds!I watched it disappear and when I turned back the other couple was leaving. They said they hadn't any idea why they stopped and hadn't seen anything.I was flabbergasted!Here I had just seen the most important thing in my life!When i saw the Phx lites, I freaked out.
I was scared, excited and awed and I will Never forget it!
