{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548521","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"9850","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3954,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/521/mufon-5548521.json","updb_database_id":5548521}
HEARD ON VHF RESCUE NET

To whom it may concern. I attempted to send this by regular email...all were retured. The phone numbers I called were all out of service???
I am not usually paranoid, but a little is sometimes healthy. Hope this reaches you!


My name is W. Loring Warner. I was in the U.S. Coast guard from 5/65 through 5/69. I was stationed at USCG Air Station, Elizabeth City, NC where I was a radio man. My duties included HF communications with airborne ascents, monitoring 2182 MHZ, the distress frequency for marine use, teletype network, and, on the mid-watch, listening to a VHF network of military installations in the area. This included bases in North Carolina like Cherry Point. Norfolk and all the airbases. Maryland and Andrews AFB. I had seen this system in operations several times when an aircraft was missing and resumed down. One night something very strange happened. At the time I wrote everything down as it happened, some four hours worth, but over the years and several hurricanes, the file was destroyed. However, because I did write like a mad man, I do remember some key points. I can not be specific on the date except to say I believe it was summer, and the year had to be either 1967 or 1968. 

As soon as I heard the tone go off on the network speaker, I went into the pilot's ready room to listen. Eventually, many units were speaking with each other over this net. Andrews was tracking an object coming up the Potomac River. Visual reports were being given first hand as to the size of the object. Some station advised that they had deployed their theoda light to try to determine the altitude of the UFO. Military air assets already airborne confirmed the object from above the object. It was approaching Washington DC.
As I said, this went on for as long as four hours I would say, and the hair on the back of my head stood up the entire time. I knew I was listening to an historical event.  But there was never a mention of the event anywhere, anytime. Over the years I have been waiting for someone to bring this significant sighting to light, but it is as if it never happened. It did happen in the dead of night, but should have been seen by some civilian, or law enforcement. The military was in a near panic as they tracked the UFO and each base that reported had a different angle of view. 

It bothers me that such a significant event could go for this many years without having some type of discloser. Perhaps that is why I am writing this account. I am not given to exaggeration.
 
I am, however, a believer. Like faith in God, I believe on faith alone. I have seen things I couldn't explain but could not classify as truly unidentified. And although I experienced this event simply through the ears, there was no doubt about what they were seeing and how they dealing with it. If I had to categorize their voices, it would resemble the Bentwater recordings.


In conclusion, sceptics must be the most miserable people on earth. I appreciate this opportunity to let you know abut this incident. And I feel better for having shared it with someone who can perhaps shed some light on this unknown incident of an unknown flying object. I heard fear, amazement, concern and total concentration as to the implications of a SECOND breach of DC by a UFO. And, no one was joking about what was happening.
