{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-09-17 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482521","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77440","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2479,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/521/mufon-5482521.json","updb_database_id":5482521}
Massive bright object that turned on a horizontal white beam that moved and enveloped us

It happened about September 17 1994 at 9:30pm at shawnigan lake there are very few Street lights and only one flashing red stop light in the village. My daughter 6 at the time and I were walking down toward the lake front two blocks away to feed my horses . As we were walking in an instant like a void all sound vanished one second sound then none (I thought wow that's weird) I looked down at my feet as we walked because there was no sound from us walking (I kept thinking boy this is so weird ) I kept looking up then down at my feet in awe when I looked up straight ahead this bright massive white object appeared Infront of us it was hovering just over 100 feet away I stopped in my tracks and bent down to my daughter and pointed my arm at the object and said (look look look) I stood straight up and became scared . I looked left and right to look for a place to hide several times (I thought what do I do what do I do ) then a few seconds later I became mad ( I thought I know who you are and are not going to abduct us and I'm going to get all the information I can against you) after a few seconds a white horizontal beam came on from the last 1/3 of the object I turned my head to see how far the beam shone for I had to turn my whole body but the beam went over past the pine trees so more than 300 feet maybe more The object was so bright that I could see the bark of the pine trees halfway down the 100ft the trees over 100ft away . as I was looking at this object the beam started to move and it went on us . The beam blinded us I had put up my arm to block the light I could not even see my arm . the beam was very warm . It felt like every atom in my body was vibrating . after a few seconds of this the object took off . I was just stunned of what we just experienced .
