{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-10-28 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488521","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71120","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3091,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/521/mufon-5488521.json","updb_database_id":5488521}
{jpg} 2 night event, shined spot light on UFO and it changed what it was doing

This is a 2 night event.

I was running a combine and had known that my father was bringing me food. It was a calm cool night and stepped out on the deck of the combine and wanted to look at stars till he got there. The combine was facing north so I was able to see the north star and such. All of the sudden I see a ball of bright white light moving from the NE to SW. As it got closer I had noticed that it was moving erratically. This is hard to explain. If you draw a straight line on a piece of paper, then draw 2 more lines an inch ubove and below that line. Now this ball of light followed the middle line. Yet as it moved I noticed it would go up really fast to the top line then go to the middle line. If you blinked you would miss it, it happened fast. Also would do it to the bottom line. It would also move really fast then go really slow if it was on the middle line, almost to the point it would stop but would not stop. Now this got me thinking if I could hear any engine noise. At the closest point to me it was pry 5 miles and would be maybe a mile high. I heard no noise from it at all. The cool night with no wind would have carried that noise and there was nothing. I listened really hard for something but nothing. Would blink my eyes and shake my head to see if I was actually seeing that. This was as bright of white light as I have seen.

Day 2, 3 days later

I had gotten done with cutting corn for the night and went out behind our farm which was 1 mile north of where I was on the combine 3 nights before. I go out hunting for anything in the back of the farm place with a spot light and my 22 caliber. about the same time of night I happen to look to the NE and I see the exact same thing, same direction, same flight path. Only this time I was 1 mile closer. Cool, calm night, just like 3 days prior. I could not hear a thing coming from it. I am looking at it in awe as it went from NE to SW. right after it got straight north of me I thought about shooting the spot light light on it. So to the NW of me a little bit I did. That middle line on that paper, It stayed on that line after that going at a constant speed. I shined it on the object a second time and a flashing light come on. I think to make it look like a plane. Still no sound. But to make that object go from erratic movement to constant speed and a flashing light just by shining a spot light on it baffles me to this day.
