{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-08 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484742","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75064","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2732,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/742/mufon-5484742.json","updb_database_id":5484742}
{nd} Dark V-Shaped Object in the Pennsylvania Night Sky

At the time of the sighting, I was a high school student taking an astronomy class. We had to find the planet Venus for an assignment and take a picture of it. My house has a lot of tree cover, and Venus was low this time of year, so I went to this location to see if I could see further on the horizon with little enough light pollution to still see Venus. When I reached the location, I got out of my car and, being able to still see stars and see the horizon much clearer, confirmed this was a good spot to find Venus. After this, I took a minute to admire the stars, particularly the constellation Orion. Then, out of the corner of my eye, I noticed a dark object shaped like a chevron moving through the sky. I first thought it was a flock of geese or other birds, but this didn't seem like a flock of birds. One reason I came to believe this was not a flock of birds was because of how fast this object was moving. With its apparent size compared to a flock of birds, birds that distance away would not appear to be moving as fast as this object. Another reason was its silhouette appeared fully shaded, and not with slightly lighter patches where the space between birds would have been. Thirdly, the way the object changed direction was too sharp for any birds I've ever seen. Lastly, it was too symmetrical to be birds in formation. Because of these four attributes of the object, I believe what I saw was not a flock of birds. In addition, this object was completely silent and had no lights on it. 

As previously stated, it flew quietly and quickly through the sky, turning somewhat sharply. Eventually, I was distracted by something else and lost sight of the object, with it simply blending into the night. 

While I was watching the object, I want even sure what I was seeing was real. After seeing it, it took me a minute or two to process what I had seen. The feeling is extremely hard to describe, probably best being described as a mix of disbelief, awe, and fear mixed together. After I had lost sight of it, I quickly got back into my car and drove home.
