{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-22 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287742","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115631","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3369,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/742/mufon-5287742.json","updb_database_id":5287742}
Horizontal line of objects appear and disappear

I walked out to the front of my house with my dog, I was going to let her in the car parked in my driveway and run to the gas station. Immediately I observed 3-4 objects moving left to right in the sky about 20 degrees above the tree line. I immediately noticed that they would appear on the left side and then eventually disappear to the right after several seconds 1 after the other like an LED marquee. They continued to do this one after the other for about 15 seconds. I immediately then grabbed my phone from my pocket and began recording. I also called to my wife form inside to come see and she saw it too. We watched object after object appear and disappear. You would usually see 3-4 at once as they moved along. It almost looked like there was a giant disk in the sky spinning and I could only see the very edge of it. It is the craziest thing I’ve ever seen in my life. It lasted about a minute and I would guess we saw 50-60 objects. My phone seemed to struggle getting the objects in focus or allowing them to show up at all. They were very obvious and bright to the naked eye but as I recorded I would notice they would hardly show up. To my relief after reviewing the footage they are clear in portions of the video, enough to better illustrate what I saw. I brightened some footage in an effort to better show them but also will attache the original. I live in the flight path of Ohio CVG airport and planes frequently fly directly through the region these objects appeared in order to land at the airport or take off so I would find it difficult to believe this wouldn’t have been observed by pilots or ground crew. It appeared based on the compass in my car that they were NW from my standing in front of my house looking straight out over the horizon. Again I will attach video footage. I also answered that there was cell phone interference because aside from struggling to capture them on film when we were just trying to watch the videos or brighten them my phone would crash repeatedly and it took about an hour of repeat attempts to view the footage as a whole. I have a newer iPhone 11 and have not previously experienced any issues like this with it so I felt it worth mentioning.
