{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-01 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505742","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53101","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2802,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/742/mufon-5505742.json","updb_database_id":5505742}
{rjl} Flying from S to N -glowing amber/white light - flying directly over house - hovering 18 minutes - then heading back south. Another appeared from SE-then vanished

New Years Eve- lit off some fireworks and saw a glowing amber/white light headed directly towards our home. First thought it was a helicopter, or some type of police surveillance for the illegal fireworks, but this flew in a direct flight path and then hovered over our home (and naturally those of our neighbors) for exactly 18 minutes. It did not make a sound. No helicopter, no plane. Not a single sound could be heard. The fireworks had already come to an end, and yet this thing kept hovering overhead. Not a sound. It finally began to move back the way it came. As it flew overhead again, another one appeared from out of nowhere - flew close to the one we had been watching and it too moved in a southern direction for less than 5 seconds when it completely disappeared from sight. The stars are visible, even aircraft are visible, there is no cloud coverage - and this glowing orb flew directly towards us, hovered for 18 minutes, then went back the way it came. 
We have not been drinking, are not on drugs - were in our 60s. We simply went out on our back patio to watch the fireworks and listen to the revelers. It was the strangest sensation to watch this glowing thing flying directly towards us - and as I said, it didn't make a sound. It just hovered overhead. It wasnt even flying at the altitude a helicopter or single engine plane would fly. It felt as though it were very close. We felt kind of uncertain - like whats our government up to now? But as we watched it move back in the direction it came - another one appeared from out of nowhere - came close to the one we were watching - and then vanished. We kept our eye on the one that hovered over our home - until it seemed it to be at least a mile or so away and then it too vanished from sight. The lights were very obvious when it was coming towards us, and when it was leaving. We never took our eyes off it - and then it simply vanished. Was thinking it might be a drone, but reading the postings from those on the east coast, leaves one to wonder whats going on.
