{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-18 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501742","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57296","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2538,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/742/mufon-5501742.json","updb_database_id":5501742}
{rjl} Lights appeared in a sequence and faded or dissappeared in sequence just as fast

My family and I were sitting on the beach on The night of June 18th, 2014. There was a thunderstorm to the far East over the Gulf in Florida. I was enjoying the lightning show as it lit up the dark sky, there was no moon in the sky yet. A reddish orange ball of light caught my eye in the direct South I watched trying to figure out what it was and it vanished as I was watching. I immediately told my wife what I had seen and she did not think much of it until 2 lights appeared to the East of the first light then 4 more lights appeared next to the first 2 lights then 2 more to the left of the 6 lights now illuminated. Made a total of 8, 6 were in a perfect row and the other 2 were to the left and at a varying angle. I got the impression they were all part of the same craft. they appeared only for a few seconds and then began to disappear at different intervals.

We stayed on the Beach another hour or so, but never seen the lights again. I had no way to tell the height or elevation of the lights but if they were part of the same craft, this thing had to be several hundred feet long. There was no noise affiliated with the lights. There were lots of people on the beach and out on their balconies so I know we were not the only ones to witness this. I have searched for reported sighting and have found none, but over the years many people have reported very similar sighting of these lights with no explanations.

I have never witnessed such an event and I did not want to be one of the millions who have had sightings and never report it. What I seen was not of this earth and it cannot be explained as balloons, Chinese candles, flares, planes, helicopters ect... No movement that was seen, no noise, appeared and disappeared without incident.
