{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-09-25 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291742","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111588","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3823,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/742/mufon-5291742.json","updb_database_id":5291742}
I keep seeing strange bright objects that hover and then move closer to me. .More each night..

For the last few weeks I have noticed a bright light directly across from me, on a hill that is just dried grass and a few trees. It moves up and down and from side to side a lot! It has bright lights and seems to pulsate. It is not a street light or an airplane or helicopter. I do live next to an airport and a military base and I know the paths planes take and when they come by. I also know how helicopters sound and look. A few nights ago a red light was seen pretty high up in the sky above my house. The next night there were two red lights in different areas of the sky. One closer and brighter then the first one but they stayed in the sky most of the night. Last night the bright white glowing thing began flashing and moving a lot more than it had been. I took my dog out for a walk and when I looked up a bright light seemed to be hovering next to the moon. It was pretty large and it moved as if following me. I had walked to a place where it lost sight of me. The object seemed to have white small lights coming from it. I then moved more quickly towards my home. Next thing I know, I look up and i see another UFO? with the same features; glowing brightly with the lights or whatever, coming out of it. They seem to be the same type craft but this one was much closer and to the east. Then another appeared in the northern sky and it was also coming my way. A little ways away, and much closer another appeared and was brighter and closer. All in all there were four or five of them and they were approaching me. I looked over to my house and it looked like one was on my roof or like the house was on fire. It was close and bright but when i got to my front steps I noticed it was not on my house but directly over the back of it over a creek and some trees. I went inside and they stayed in the same area of the sky, not to high up or too far away. In fact much too close. I closed my blinds but looked out a few times and as soon as I opened my blinds they began traveling towards me. They were moving faster than before. A steady speed but towards me. The last time I looked out at about 4 AM two were still there. But the one that I had been watching for weeks now (or was it watching me?) had the same lights? falling? out from below it. It was now much larger and had changed shape. It now looked like the other ones. It seemed to be glowing brighter and it was moving up over the terrain and then it was moving towards me. It scared me so bad that I slept with pepper spray next to me, in my hand until morning. I am expecting the same thing to happen tonight. I did not believe in UFOs until I moved here ten years ago. Neighbors here also see them but they don't talk about it. I know exactly what I have been seeing and I would like to know what is going on. I keep hoping that it is my imagination but after last night i know it is real. It really is scaring me. I have seen them so close that I have pulled my car to the side of the road to watch. I do not like it. I recorded one last month for 29 minutes but had to go inside because it was too long for me to keep standing there holding the camera.
