{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-30 12:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517742","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39980","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2562,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/742/mufon-5517742.json","updb_database_id":5517742}
{ck} A glowing ball of light like a plane

I went outside on the small patio of my boyfriends condo (2nd floor) to smoke and off about northeast (45 degrees from north to east) I spotted two objects that were brightly lit. The glow was like an LED light. At first they were both red, one was a short distance from the other closer to the ground. It look and appeared at first to be airplanes, but the color brightness/ depth was wrong. Noting that, I watched for a moment and the one closer to the ground started to change color from red to a violet-like color as it began to descend. The other was moving but staying in the general location I first saw it in. Both were slowly change color randomly from white to red to blue to green to a mixture of white and purple. They were both changing color at the same time but not changing to the same color. Noticing that the one descending was making incredibly difficult turns and flashing colors I took my attention off of the other. About a minute of watching the object it appeared to crash/land. I felt sick like I had just witnessed an actual plane crash. There was no sound of explosion, nothing. Curious I looked to see what the other object was up to and noticed it stayed in the sky and began moving about the sky making circles and other random maneuvers I had never seen any plane or helicopter make before. It did this for 50 minutes or more and would disappear then reappear a short distance from its previous location. My boyfriend could see it moving around what looked like black objects. After watching it disappear for the what I thought was the last time I grabbed my stuff and headed home (barely 1 mile south east of him) Once home I walked to the end of the block just to make sure there wasnt anything in the sky and sure enough it was back. I ran to grab my mom and when I returned to the same spot on the block it was gone. Now I just feel like a crazy person who shared a hallucination with my boyfriend.
