{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486351","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73360","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2829,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/351/mufon-5486351.json","updb_database_id":5486351}
{rjl} Finally, I was able to capture a few seconds of an orb flyby at close range

Video capture of an orb flyby at close range. I've seen these speed by many times but they move so fast, it is hard for me to reach for my camera, start it up and point it in the right direction and zoom. I nailed it this time! I know my V520 good enough to know you cannot hold down the zoom button. You have to slowly ease into it for the cameras auto-focus to kick in. This orb was less than a quarter mile away so it was very close. I could not zoom in as much as I wanted but I was able to stabilize and slow down the footage.

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? I was on my side yard. I had my video camera and telescope at the ready to see another UFO.

2. What made you first notice the object? Sky fishing from the east. I saw a fast moving object. I first thought it was far away, but I realized it was close. I reached for my video camera and tried to keep a cool head.

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it? I knew it was an orb the second I spotted it. It was moving very fast. Too fast for a bird much less a balloon.

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail. It headed west from the east. It stayed at a consistent height. It just moved very fast. It was elongated, not round. I think the front was a little flatish. 

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object. I usually miss it because I am too slow to react. It leaves me with my chin hitting the ground and I am angry that I missed another speeding orb. My friends and I see objects like this all the time but they are not as fast so we can capture them with our telescope. We invite you to come with us so you can see them with your own eyes. If you've never seen a UFO, you'll flip out. We are located in the Los Angeles area. LA UFO Channel.

6. How did you lose sight of the object? I kept one eye on the object as I pointed my video camera towards the object (I have a tracking system). I simply lost sight of it. I was going to be obstructed by my house anyway.
