{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524351","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31511","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6861,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/351/mufon-5524351.json","updb_database_id":5524351}
3 red/orange glowing lights of ball shape objects pass through Knox County Ohio in a series (Viewed West of Apple Valley Lake moving from North to South) - Trying to figure out how this was hoaxed

3 red/orange glowing lights of ball shape objects pass through Knox County Ohio in a series (Viewed West of Apple Valley Lake moving from North to South) - Trying to figure out how this was hoaxed

1.	I am in general a skeptic
2.	I and we Saw what we saw 1 which was quite compelling 
3.	Have and interest to investigate 1 to see if others viewed this and what were their impressions
4.	Type of sighting Orange ball or oval Lights 1 I think it is well know that hoaxers use helium balloons with flares, LED, or Sky/Chinese Lanterns
5.	Key points that make this a prank up a notch or 2 (outdone themselves 1 how did they do it)
a.	Size of the lights 1 photo did not do this justice
b.	Allure of the lights/colors 1 brilliant, impressive, elaborate, appeared technical/engineered, rich/lusterious, swimming mixing color, hue, tone, sharpness, the object may have been crafted out of the light itself, no harsh glare/beams/strobes
c.	The 2nd and 3rd of the 3 lights became visible/illuminated in midair
d.	Perfect geometry
e.	All were at the same altitude for the entire sighting
f.	All were at the same equidistant interval of length between each other
g.	The traveled (fairly briskly) at the same pace to the south. Winds were light if at all and from the west (as we had a fire going in a fire pit)
h.	No sound (ok), no smoke, no structure seen, no assist vehicles 

Date: Saturday evening August 27, 2011 ~ 9:00 1 9:05 PM

Our Location 1 Residence on King Beach Drive, east side of Apple Valley Lake, Howard, Ohio (Knox County). Very rural area of Ohio. No significant airports in the area. No other airborne objects/aircraft seen in the area at the time. We were seated in the back yard of residence looking generally westward. Not totally dark yet but nearly. Weather clear, low humidity day, light winds generally out of the west. 

Location of Lights - West of AV Lake. Lights traveling North to South.

Witnesses 4 adults ages 53, 51, 51, 50. Two male/Two female 1 All four of us with college degrees, one a city councilman, 2 males corporate business owners. Myself 1 I am an engineer who worked for McDonnell Aircraft company for many years. I am well versed in historic and modern civilian and military aircraft as well as astronomy and meteorology. This was unlike any explainable night flying object(s) I have seen. The creepy part is that it made no sound and there were 3 lights/object(s) in a perfect level, equidistant series. Length from 1st to 3rd light estimated to be 1000 ft. Each light maybe the size of a pill or dime held at arms length from the body looking out.

Shape/Color of the lights (3 of them) - Bright red/orange glowing color and seemed to be changing/flowing/bit of pulsing but not blinking, they generally had a ball like shape. There were no other lights seen eg like typical aircraft lights (like the FAA/FAR navigation or collision lights typically red, green or white beams, beacons or strobes). The sighting may have been 3 separate lights/objects or one object with 3 lights.

Event 1 occurred on August 27 2011 ~ 9:00 - 9:05PM Eastern Time
1.   Noticed bright light but still distant light coming into field of view off to our right front (Northwest of our position) and assumed it to be an airplane of some type.    At altitude already
2.   Next noticed a second and then a third light/object appear in midair the same shape size and colors. My thought now was that maybe Ohio Air guard or something similar was doing maneuvers of some kind but then seeing it closer threw out that notion. 
3.  Continued to observe increasingly brighter light and started to notice its shape and color (red/orange and seemed to be changing/flowing/bit of pulsing but not blinking,ball like shape). All then appeared to be equidistant and following from each other ( ie 3 in a row). 
4.    They continued to track to the south getting to a due west position from our vantage point.  At this point the 4 of us were rather mystified by the shape and color of the lights. They made no audible sound either propeller or jet. There was ~ 5-7 seconds of travel time between each light. General speed may have been that of a light aircraft but may have been less than that. We did not notice any structure between or around any of the lights. Estimated entire distance of the length of lights 500 1 1000 ft?
5.    The lights continued to track due south and toward the southwest of our position until we lost sight of them behind trees. Likely viewed for a 3 mile track. General track of their travel seemed to be from north to south.
6.    Managed at the last minute to capture a cell phone photo (5 MP) of the third object before going out of our view (attached) A bit blurry but you can see the general shape and color. Photo does not due visual experience justice.

Observations - The objects traveled a steady pace/speed as would a light aircraft if following their same pattern. The altitude level/constant the whole viewing.  Possible altitude of 2 1 5,000 feet. Estimate degree of inclination of 15 degrees. Believe that distance from our position at closest to the west was between 1-2 miles. Equidistant from each other and level, never varying as in locked in with the other. These objects made no sound, had significant size and brilliance, were certainly not normal aircraft, rotor craft, satellites, ISS, fireworks, rockets, flares, meteors, planets, stars, weather phenomenon, blimps, balloons 1 hot air or otherwise, suspended objects, reflections, remote control devices, projections, or lanterns, and were not being towed by another aircraft, etc.  No exhaust or smoke could be seen emitted. I must say if this was a hoax it is one very very elaborate well-funded/planned coordinated high tech hoaxer(s) covering an amazing geographical area (basically around the world based on my limited research so far).  No visible structure between above, below, in front, in back
