{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-11-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472351","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88072","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2531,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/351/mufon-5472351.json","updb_database_id":5472351}
{cak} 4 equally spaced red orbs trailing each other in a line heading E then NE west of Marina Del Rey

I went outside to smoke a cigarette at 12:6AM and saw a amber light flying in a commercial air corridor heading East in a straight line towards me at around roughly March 1 at around 12-15 miles from me. As it got around 9-10 miles out I could see that it wasn't an artificial light and its color was more red and it was unwavering plasma I was seeing and the plasma was triple the size of an airliner lights as seen head on. At 9-10 miles out the object turned NNE at same speed and disappeared into the marine layer. As it turned I saw the exact same thing trailing behind the lead orb a few miles behind it. Then I saw another equally spaced red orb following the second orb and then a forth orb following the third one equally spaced and all at the same speed gradually increasing speed the whole time as they all went into the marine layer. This is the 5th time on 4 years I've seen this exact same red orb on nearly exact same altitude and compass heading from my front yard but never saw 4 of them together before and never this late at night. The marine layer was to the north and east of me so I could not track them visually. The sighting lasted about a minute. They were close enough to see the plasma being affected by the objects speed though. That's when I knew what I was looking at because I've seen it up close many times before tonight. A commercial airliner was flying due West at a slightly higher altitude just reaching the ocean, west of Marina Del Rey and was about a mile south of the objects. The 4 objects remained under the oncoming aircraft's altitude the entire time flying on a flat trajectory heading due east before turning to the north. I tried to record on my cell phone but the objects were simply not big or bright enough to be detected by my phones lens and I had no time to go to manual settings.
