{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-17 13:53:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528351","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27232","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4905,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/351/mufon-5528351.json","updb_database_id":5528351}
Small object moving due South, made 90 degree turn, then another, then continued South.

I was on foot on the Naito Parkway just North of the intersection of SW Naito & Arthur. As the Naito Parkway makes its way over the 405, there is a great view of Mt. Hood and since this day was bright and clear, Mt. Hood was particularly visible.

I had headphones on and the world was drowned out by the beats of Amon Tobin. I continued ahead, but turned my head to the right so I could check out the view. I was noting to myself that Mt. Hood was remarkably white with snow and that hopefully we'll have plenty of water this summer, when I noticed some movement out of my left field of vision. There was a tiny dot in the sky - about the size of half a grain of white rice - moving in a straight Southern direction. What struck me immediately was that it appeared to be gliding, rather then flying. 

There are often planes flying over this space in a North/South direction and for an instant, I thought I was seeing a passenger plane. No sooner had I thought this, then I realized the for a plane to be that far away, it was moving awfully fast, so I immediately rationalized it as a sea gull; also not an uncommon sight along this road.

NOTE: I travel on foot on this road several times a week and I've done so for years; I am very familiar with the general environment.

But, I couldn't see any wings.

As I was processing this - perhaps two seconds had passed - it passed directly behind an electrical pole. I began leaning foreword in an attempt to see around it and as a result was able to see just the Northern-facing end of it as it, without slowing or stopping, began to move in a more Easterly direction, exactly along my line of sight of the pole.

It moved along the pole for perhaps another second and then, once again without slowing or stopping, continued on its Southerly course at a very brisk glide.

It never slowed or sped up. It just kept going until it was gone.

PART II: The Next Day

NOTE: Since I've told a few people this story, I have been amazed how many people don't know what I mean by "book light". Google "book light" if you are one of these people.

I have, or rather, had, a small purple book light I bought at Walmart a couple years ago. I happened to be using it during my day on Saturday and when I packed up to leave downtown, I forgot to put my light in my bag and instead put in my right coat pocket. My coat is a rather heavy down jacket and the pockets are thick and deep.

I know I put it in my pocket, because as I was walking, I remember rolling it in my hand a number of times.

When I got home, I threw my coat on the couch and went to the bathroom. While in the bathroom, I remembered my book light and wanted to make sure I got it out of my pocket before I forgot. I went back into the front room, picked up my coat, reached into the pocket and it was gone.

My first thought was that it had fallen out as I took my hand out of my pocket at some point on the way home. A couple weeks earlier this happened with my bus pass, so it was a very real possibility. But, I also thought, perhaps I had absent-mindedly put it in another pocket or my bag.

Nope. Not anywhere.

I thought, perhaps it fell into the sofa cushions when I threw my coat there. Pulled them all out. Nope.

I looked all around the general area in case it had fallen out when I threw my coat. Nope.

It was gone, having fallen out of my pocket. Damn it! I gotta be more careful about that.

I go into the bathroom and take a long shower and go directly into my bedroom and dink around on the computer.

About two or three hours have passed since I looked for my light and its now about 10:45pm.

I go out into the front room and BAM! ITS RIGHT THERE, SMACK-DAB IN THE MIDDLE OF MY FRONT ROOM!

Bright purple light on the light cream carpet. How could have I missed that?

The answer: THERE'S NO WAY I COULD HAVE MISSED IT!

I got goose bumps and was a little freaked out.

I called a couple of friends to tell them what had happened, but no one answered. So, I called my mom.

I didn't touch it. I left it on the floor.

I'll deal with it in the morning.

I got up just after eight.

It was gone.

I live alone. I have no pets. The doors were locked.
