{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-05-20 22:51:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476351","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83893","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2999,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/351/mufon-5476351.json","updb_database_id":5476351}
{rjl} Looked like Mars, then we realized it was moving. Observed for about 1 min before vanishing as soon as we glanced away.

We were taking a late-night walk and I happened to look up and see Mars, bigger than I had ever seen before. I was just pointing it out to my boyfriend when I realized it was moving, albeit very slowly. At first I thought it was a plane but it was far too low in the sky to be moving as slowly as it was and it was not a consistent speed. At times it seemed to not be moving or just barely and I would describe it as "meandering" because while it did not change direction, it wasn't a completely straight line. It also appeared to be faintly pulsing.
Unfortunately we were unprepared for something like this and we only managed 2 photos and 2 videos. The object appeared much bigger than it appears in the videos. Photo 1 best represents its apparent size and the glow that made me think it was Mars. This occurred on a dark street which makes it hard to find a reference point in the videos but in Video 1 to the right of the object is a telephone pole that should be more visible if you could increase brightness in the video somehow. The telephone pole helps you realize how it was drifting and travelling not quite straight. Video 2 I had moved to a better position but has no reference point that I can see.
To the naked eye, the object never stopped glowing, but Picture 2 (taken on a phone with a better zoom) shows a dull, not glowing, round object with some sort of indentation. 
From the moment I noticed it in the sky to the end of the sighting was probably about 1 to 2 minutes in total. I asked my boyfriend to hand me my phone back at which point he looked down to hand it to me, I looked down to grab it and in that split-second that neither of us were looking, the object vanished. It was there, then it wasn't. It wasn't visible in any direction, hadn't left a trail, there was no flash or anything noticeable in our peripheral vision. It was just gone.
