{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-16 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511351","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47017","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8165,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/351/mufon-5511351.json","updb_database_id":5511351}
{nd} On 4-16-12 @ 2:08am.EST/Central N.J. - I witnessed a

On April 16,2012 @ 2:08 a.m. Eastern Standard Time - Central N.J. 
I witnessed a "Star-Like" UFOs "Illumination Beam" of the night sky! 

I sent my wife a very similar text message to the one that follows below. One of my reasons for doing so was that while standing outside of my house I witnessed something that was quite startling or unique and believe in regards to possible UFO activity, it to be a strange enough event to want to share it with you ...

My original reason for having to text her, was in responce to concerns she had earlier that day, regarding some pending bills that needed to be paid. She wanted to make sure that after working my 4-12pm shift that I would go 
directly to the bank to deposit my paycheck, instead of just going home and straight to bed. I guess I should of thanked her for giving me a much better reason for texting her at 2am other than making my paycheck deposit, but she didn't really give me the impression she was overly happy with reading just what I did write her either! lol! 

***

Hey, I just got back from the bank made the $$$ deposit that you wanted me to make. When I got back home I decided to have one last smoke on the front porch. I took to staring up at the night sky and in just how so clear it really is tonight and so many stars shining brightly for a change! I was staring up at one "star?" in particular because it caught my eye and was twinkling white, then green and then red sporatically. What caught my interest most about it was how even tho the over all "star?" was basically always white in color, the green and red colors only were
apparent every few seconds and with in the center of the white light of this "star?".. It never completely turned either all green or red, but would pulsate a few green lights in a left-handed direction, than just all white again for a few seconds, then start to pulsate a few red lights in the same left-handed path direction the green ones followed! This same on/off pulsating light pattern happened over and over as I stared up at it. Probably is just a satellite I thought! Obviously there are enough of them up there not to mention that I don't even know what a satellite typically does look like on any given night made sense to me that this is just that and nothing more!
 
However, regardless of this actually being a satellite or not became quickly unimportant to me as to what started happening off to its lower right hand side and in very close proximity to what originally had caught my eye!!! ..

A momentary flash very very bright white light pulsed brightly out of the darkness, out of no where, like a photographers camera flash on steroids just once and so suddenly without any indication that it was even ever there!!! The flash was just slightly off to the lower right hand side of the possible satellite or star I was so originally
fixated on and that caught my attention in the first place! I mean, it was very like someone turned a light switch on to light up the night sky to have a quick "Look/See!" around as to whats doing and off again just as quickly!!!

I was like WTF was that??? Now catching my full attention, I stared intently at that very spot for about another 20-30 seconds, until I saw a much bigger white flash shoot out like a super strong beacon or the flood light of a Light Tower along our beaches shining at close proximity right into your face! After being switched on and acting as if a comet that someone ignited, it went from a staionary illuminating position to a shooting star in an upwards and left-handed trajectory right past the satellite/star I was looking at originally and outta sight in a split second!!!

Well.. Like.. HOLY $#!^!!!.. Totally Amazing It Was And To Get To See That By Chance??? .. Yup! I Thought Just So Very Cool!!! :) 

        Keep the Faith & God Bless Always!
        Sincerely Said By Anonymous Me!!!

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

* Note: 
This site asks the person to Describe Your Feelings/Reactions During And
After The Sighting Im reporting of.. Well, besides the bit of back-ground info that does pertain directly to my story or report, I did share my 
own inner thoughts or personal perspectives about what it is I have seen or witnessed over the years! In light of it? .. If you don't agree with any of it, find it to be just silly or think in me saying it somehow detracts in any way to what it is I reported here in the above??? ..
Sorry and I do apologize for sounding like a fool to you then!!! ..Ok???

I took the liberty of adding more in depth detail of what I witnessed on this particular night or did see
    for you than I actually typed to her. Everything stated in my original text message to her is here, but no
    problem, I do still have the original text message saved to my old cell phone as well as a back-up copy that
    I sent to my own e-mail address just in case.. Everything stated in the original text message is here, but
    this is really the text message Id of wanted you to read!!! .. Im just adding in the the things I didn't
    bother to tell her. You see, she doesnt really believe in things like God, Ghosts or any UFO Type Stuff!!!
    It did take a little bit of courage on my part to actually send her this text under the circumstances and in
    hindsight, sharing this text message with her didn't exactly do my marriage any justice in a positive way!!!

    As the old saying goes, "The Truth Will Set You Free!"..uhmmm yeah, it sure will!!! :/ Sadly enough I really
    do know all too well in just what it is about that saying that has always kept me silent about UFO Phenomena
    actually being more like, our "Reality" for many years! .. I also understand that many do require their own
    eyes seeing before believing in something yet unseen by themselves and yes, so true, seeing is believing....

    I did see tho!!! Not only of this incident, but yes another! very up close and personal in nature it was that
    this one pales in comparison to it!!! Please TRY to keep an "Open Mind" to other possible "Truths" not being
    acknowledged by the "Powers" that be cuz It Is NOT What "They" Want For You or feel is good for you to know!
    If we, as far as us being "Us?" The Proud Human Beings We Are??? Basically in charge of this Planet as much as
    really could be expected of any one species or intelligent race can be and yes we pretty much are!!! Well with
    that said, ask yourself.. How comfortable would you be with an outside alien race coming down to our planet???
    ( AS THEY ALREADY DO!!! ) ..and instead of just observing us and our progress, they take over period!!! ....

    Yeah! Scares me too but they have not done that as of yet!!! ..If they wanted to do that "WE" wouldnt even be 
    here and talking about "UFO PHENOMENA!" as it would be a moot point by now and the very fact that we are still
    The Custodians Of Planet Earth is a Real Good Sign that maybe they see the potential in us! Its so time for
    "US!" to accept what we will have to accept at some point, sooner or later, and just grow up already so we can
    move on in the so many ways "THEY!" already have! .. Instead of asking or wondering about Life outside our own
    planet? .. We would be better suited or equipped if we just took it as a definate "Truth!" of our universe! ;)  
  
         Sincerely Said By Anonymous Me!!!
