{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-15 03:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516351","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41771","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3968,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/351/mufon-5516351.json","updb_database_id":5516351}
{cak} Saw many strange fast moving lights fly as a disorganized group, then come together as a triangle

I witnessed several odd lights in the sky at approx. 3 am this morning, 8/15/2012, there WAS a storm that had blown in, What I saw could potentially be ball lightning, though I have never witnessed this before, it is still in the realm of possibility. I was watching the storm come through, Ive always been a weather watcher, when I saw this small ball of bluish white light do a spiral type pattern overhead, then a few seconds later I saw another in close to the same area of sky, again with a spiral type flight path, those two were only visible for a couple of seconds. After witnessing those 2 objects I started to watch the sky a little more intently and noticed several more "lights" out of the corner of my eye, but never getting a good visual. Maybe 5 minutes after observing the first couple of lights a "cluster of lights" appeared overhead from the SE and traveled to the NW. They started off looking almost like a cluster of gnats or insects, no rhyme or reason to their organization but moving in the same direction as a cluster, but then the appeared to get slightly larger or brighter for a second or two, then they looked more like a flock of birds flying together in unison in a strong wind as if they were gliding, then they formed a perfect triangle , just like a set of bowling pins setup, at that point when they were in triangle formation, they streaked off in less than the blink of an eye and within one second, there was a lightning bolt that followed up behind them along the same path they had just taken, I was AMAZED, PERPLEXED, STUNNED at what I had just witnessed,trying to make sense of it all, had I just witnessed something ET? Was it ball lightning? was there some sort of terrestrial explanation for what I had just seen? I stood in that spot trying to process what I had just seen when I decided to go inside and at least get my phone to record any further anomalies, if any more were sighted. I spent approx. 60 to 90 seconds in the house getting said phone. I went out the back door of my house this time, to get a better view of the sky in the direction the lights went(NW). From the moment I stepped out of the house, I saw a single light to the NW moving S in direction at a fairly high speed, not as fast as a meteorite, but much faster than a plane. This light moved in a straight line for approx. 3 seconds then started to curve its path more towards the horizon after which it too shot off in a streak and once again a lightning bolt followed in that site line. I don't know what saw for sure, but I know in my 41 years have NEVER seen anything quite like it, my eyes remained glued to the sky until around 5:30 am. In that time frame there were NO planes in the sky, no helicopters, I will say that I did see a couple of meteorites but they were obvious, not to be mistaken for anything else. I will say at 5:30 am I did witness 2, what could have been airplanes, overhead heading in different directions, but those were HIGH altitude so I was unable to see any strobe lights, but they did move consistently to high altitude planes, they had no sound. I wanna know if anyone else in this area saw anything strange, that is the main purpose of me filing this report, along with if you guys have any knowledge of ball lightning.
