{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-11-03 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453351","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108276","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2500,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/351/mufon-5453351.json","updb_database_id":5453351}
four reflective metal disc-shaped objects, one larger, three smaller

This happened when I was a child, 7 or 8 years old. I am not certain of the year (likely 1975 or 1976, possibly as late as 1977 but definitely not later), but I am certain it was October or early November, it was a weekday, and it was late afternoon. I was standing at the far end of Alroy Road in South Weymouth, Massachusetts (the opposite end from Rte. 18), looking west, up into the sky. There were four disk- or "saucer"- shaped objects hovering in the sky. They were metallic, reflective, and looked like polished aluminum. No lights or other features were visible, but they appeared to be some distance away from me, so I couldn't make out much more than shape and color. I wiggled my eyeglasses to see if the objects were reflections on the lenses rather than what they appeared to be, but the objects remained stationary from my point of view. The larger of the four objects was higher up, from my viewpoint, and the other three were the same shape but smaller, spread out in a straight line below the larger object, and all were well above the tree line. After a few seconds, the three smaller objects moved, one at a time, to (and into?) the larger, and they each moved to that larger object more quickly than any sort of aircraft I have ever seen. Shortly afterward, the larger object moved off, in a straight line (from my point of view upward and to the right) toward the north. The larger object likewise moved at what appeared to be unnatural speed, and quickly moved out of my line of sight.

Right after it happened, I walked into my friend's house (I had been standing in front of her house) and told a group of adults, and was laughed at (as you might expect). I didn't tell the story again for some years afterward. This is (as of today) my only experience witnessing anything of interest to this website.
