{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-18 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496351","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63049","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3939,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/351/mufon-5496351.json","updb_database_id":5496351}
{dr}I witnessed a massive disk ship in the clouds and afterwards I saw a dozen or more orbs turn off and on and build stairs and shapes.

I was on my way to work one night. I've had many sightings my whole life so my eyes are always looking towards the stars. I had the top off the Jeep and sky's were clear. I noticed a squash shape object glowing off in the distance. It was twinkling like a orange jewel. I watched it for about ten seconds and then all of a sudden three lights turned on revealing a massive Ufo. The first object I was watching flew right into the large ship. As soon as it entered the craft the lights turned off and it was like it was never there. I continued to drive to work but, I was completely at awe with what I just witnessed. So I arrived at the farm and made my way to the cross roads(a very open area where a lot of roads meet) I park the Jeep and take the windshield down and I'm looking in the direction of where everything just happened. Almost five minutes went bye and nothing was happening. I was freaking out a bit and didn't know If I really just saw that. Then something tells me to look up and to the right. I brought my head out of my hands and look up. Over my right shoulder their was orange orbs turn off and on. This went on for a few minutes and they would stop.then they would come back on and if I reached for my phone they would turn off. I felt like they were communicating threw ESP. They were telling me to stop pulling my phone out. That this was for me to see and to watch. I watched them build stairs and unbuild them. It was as if they were signaling me or communicating with me in some way. After they did what I call the grand finally. There was on orb off to the right. It looked like a star had fallen from space. It was twinkling like a dimiond. It hovered there for a few minutes. Then out of no where it exploded but, no like you think. It had no sound and when it exploded it didn't turn into fragments or pieces. It turned into more orbs but they were different colors. They hung like a frown and there were three tears. A large one on top and two smaller ones beneath it. The orbs were blue,pink,yellow,white and a few other colors. I watched them for a matter of minutes. Then of in the distance Is heard a fighter jet. I looked around but saw nothing As soon as I looked back in the direction of the UFOs they were gone. The jet sounded far away but I looked up and it was flying right over me. It was so low I could see that it was a raptor and it was in some type of stealth mode and had its after burners covered with a shield. Then right behind the jet came two twin blade black helicopters. The huge type of helicopters. The ones where the doors open on the back. They flew around for a twenty minutes or so with spot lights on looking all around the area and then they disappeared. After they left I sat on the forklift wondering if they were still out there. As soon as I thought that one turned on in the sky just to let me know they were still out there. Not even one minute went by and one of the helicopters came hauling assistance back.Two days later they appeared right in my back yard and right over my head. My roommate witnessed it with me but I'm going to file that experience as another report because it happened to days later and nearly fourty miles away.
