{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-20 20:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495351","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64091","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2964,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/351/mufon-5495351.json","updb_database_id":5495351}
{cak} Loud military jet precedes 2 fast-moving yellow-orange orbs

My wife and I had a spectacular UFO sighting tonight.

We were all settled in for an episode of Vice (HBO), when I heard a loud whoosh, but I thought it was part of the soundtrack of Vice. My wife exclaimed, "What the hell was that?" So she's looking out the window behind the couch explaining to me that the sound was coming from outside. I followed her as she dashed out the front door.

I could still hear the trademark military jet-type whooshing sound in the distance. It's sort of an irregular pulsating whoosh that starts suddenly and ends as suddenly as it started, and then repeats that maybe five or six times afterwards, the sound fading off.

So we're standing out front looking at the cloudless sky, and I'm telling her "You know, sometimes when military jets are sent low over areas they don't usually don't fly over, it means there was a UFO spotted in the area."

And not 30 seconds later, out of my left eye I see a light-orange-yellow spherical-shaped light moving NNE to SSW high in the SSW sky moving SSW through the constellation Orion. About a second later, as I'm alerting my wife to what I'm seeing, a second light that looked just like the first light appeared about 3" at arm's length to the west, moving exactly parallel with the first light. A second later, the second light faded out, and the first light continued on with its SSW trajectory a couple more seconds and quickly faded out.

I've seen probably 100 meteors, including 2 fireballs, 6 or so comets, satellites. And I've seen some unidentified stuff, too. But this was by far my most spectacular and unusual sighting. I'm 58.

They moved slower than a meteor but much faster than any jet I've seen at that apparent distance. Neither one left a trail. 

We both got the sense that the lights were at least 10,000 feet up. They certainly weren't real close.

I got a real good look at them. They weren't steady, like light bulbs. Nor did they strobe. They were distinctly round, but diffuse, and they gave the appearance that they were moving behind a sheet of water, or slightly translucent film with an irregular surface. At the point of fade they were maybe 40% of the diameter of a full Moon.

By far the most unusual "object" I've ever seen in the sky.

And I kinda-sorta predicted it. ;)
