{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-01-07 04:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456179","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105424","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2903,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/179/mufon-5456179.json","updb_database_id":5456179}
{jpg} I got tons of videos that I kept trying to keep still because I have shaky hands. But I’m happy to send them directly to anyone.

These guys used some weird cloud, aura like waves to control the gravity around them. Apparently I must have been watching their departure because I watched from the signaling (unknowingly caught on camera out to thousands of flashes back from space). I hope that’s not just my phone. It looks like they were getting permission to get home by forming a line in the sky. There was one red/orangey one who was the signaler, then a slingshot white one would go from egg, oval, boomerang snapped and would crazy wobble for a second before one of the guys who “jumped in the slingshot” would vanish. I know it sounds nuts. I do constantly try to adjust the phone (which I am sorry about) but just throwing the video up on my airplay made all the “wtfs” in there... worth it. :) I know I probably won’t hear anything, but I thought it was really cool how they knew right when sun light would hit the sky and were gone right around sunrise. 

I live out by a LOT of planes so my boyfriend and I make a joke of identifying the different stuff in the sky bc we love the show as a joke time dream. I hope this helps research. They obviously don’t want to kill us because they really could. The energy pulsing out that carried them was more like what we imagine energetic forcefields to manifest if we could. On top of that, it curled and swirled with gravity like it was engulfing yet embracing it. So weird... but the weirdest part of all was the random little things that legit I try to blow off my phone thinking it’s fuzz. Just out of pure ignorance, but... it did seem to be directed by where I was trying to focus. And really isn’t an issue in every film... I know it’s a weird time and I’m going into a lot of detail... I just hope that knowledge finds its way to be shared.
