{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-03 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485179","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74594","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6460,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/179/mufon-5485179.json","updb_database_id":5485179}
{cak} Noticed lights in sky similar to cross between airplane and saturn at closest but brighter.

I noticed strange lights in the sky on Nov. 3, 2015 at app. 4:00 AM while sitting in our spa (they weren't there almost two years ago when our old spa died). The first one I noticed was located WSW, a second almost due South, a third one towards the East and many more at all points. I looked around then and noticed there were more than 1 ine different locations, some more prominent than others. they looked like a mix of blinking lights on airplanes and the way Saturn looks when close only they were brighter and more distinct. If it turned so you could see what iI took to be the front it was one bright white light. I couldn't tell their distance although they looked closer at times.
We sat in the spa 4-5 nights that week and I saw them every time. I decided to look for them every night and noticed they didn't really show until late at night and would fade as it started getting light. Then the more I looked at/for them I noticed some of them were dark and almost impossible to see. when I looked through the screen on my tablet while taking photos there were many sparkling lights all around which I didn't see with my naked eye. The ones I could see the lights of looked like a slow moving ball of mercury with black craters/shadows all through it when I looked through our small binoculars.
A couple weeks in I decided to ask "them" a question and wrote out: WHY ARE YOU HERE" as one word per screen and caught the one in the South just before it started to fade around dawn. I shown a flash light to get it's attention then scrolled through the question, it seemed to come closer. I then noticed the one to the East was still visible so showed the question to it. I walked beside my mother-in-laws house to get out of the shadows which should have blocked the first one from my sight yet it "flew" to were it could still see me and seemed to move beside me until when I stopped it was next to the other. So instead of the two being say 45 degrees apart they were more like 10 degrees apart. They also stayed visible further past dawn than before.
After that it seemed when I went out at night they'd move in closer. Even ones that were so far away I couldn't see them would come in. Not much later I started seeing "people" on our property. The animals acted as if they saw them as well, yet when I'd head their direction they'd be gone. I'd ask my husband if he could see the lights or "people" and he'd always say he couldn't and showed absolutely no interest which seemed odd to me. he's the kind of person that doesn't like too many people coming over and can't stand it at all if he doesn't know them so trespassers should have made him angry.
I started noticing things had been changed in the house. Not just things being moved but actual architectural changes. Paint splatter dried to the bottom of the bath tub and last time any painting had been done was about 6 months earlier. The paneling in the living room was just barely held up with very few nails so you could actually pull it out quite far. Made me suspicious so I told my husband and he said I was crazy. I forgot to look at the outside wall until a couple days later and found it had been screwed back down caulked and painted in hopes no one would notice. Many random things like that. Then I realized every time I told my husband something I'd noticed it wouldn't be like that the next day. I realized my husband must be part of it and saw he was different as well.
It was around then (about a few weeks ago) i noticed many of the lights seemed to be on the ground at different points seemingly circling our property and if I went out at night they'd start coming closer. I really thought I was losing it because they'd seem just as distant but at the same time I could see them and the only thing I can figure is some kind of astral projection. the have lights at different but equal areas of their face which looks like some kind of mask. Some over their body but very few and not as bright. Their legs are either very short or they're on their knees on some sort of hovering transport.
I believe they have somehow "borrowed" my husband, my mother-in-laws 2 caregivers, my mother-in-law has alzheimer's but still seems different and odd at times. My husband wears a head light when he goes to put the animals up for the night. It's just one white light but I've caught him unawares a few times coming out of the hay shed and he looks like he's wearing the same light mask I described earlier. We have cameras at his mothers for security reasons and I after viewing certain things they apparently don't want seen it changes. So if you do come be prepared to record the dvr off the tv screen so you will have it before it's not there anymore.
I'll try sending some of the stuff I was able to keep. I had much more until they learned what I was doing and managed to get rid of some of it.
Please, please don't think I'm crazy or this is some kind of hoax on my part. Things have and are getting worse and it's seeming to spread to our neighbors. It's scaring me more and more as it happens. There is more but I hope to tell you more in person. 
I'm very worried about my husband and others. I believe I am not like them because I thought I had parasites that took 5 months to find a doctor that didn't think it was in my head and finally got meds to kill them. Also, you can tell our animals see something as well.
Thank you very much for your time,  KDS
