{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-22 19:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505179","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53686","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2357,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/179/mufon-5505179.json","updb_database_id":5505179}
{rjl} Saw around ten red lights in a rough line fly over head in a northerly direction over the course of five minutes.

I got in the car and begin driving to the store when I noticed three red lights in the same general area of the sky slowly flying north. They seemed lower and smaller then the planes in the area and were putting out a lot of red light. I was impressed enough to turn around in my car and run inside to get my brother. He and girlfriend came outside and I showed them the lights and they were impressed as well. We watched the three red lights for a couple of minutes and around the point that they were over our head my brother's girlfriend noticed three or four more red lights coming from and traveling in the same direction the original lights were seen. My brother went inside and told my mother and her husband and they came outside and watched the lights. In all around ten red lights slowly flew past us over the course of five minutes so. The distance between the first light seen and the last would have been several miles. All the lights but one disappeared north into horizon but the last one slowly climbed in altitude as it moved north and was eventually lost in the clouds above before it had a chance to fly over like all the other lights did. I video taped the lights with my cell phone but there is no trees or buildings in the background for reference, just black sky so you can't make out the movement of the lights. Th event it's self was exciting and fun but once they were gone everyone just smiled at each other, shrugged our shoulders at our lack of answers for what the lights were, and continued on with our night and left again for the store. I'm writing in on the chance that there were more witnesses then me and my family.
