{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-09-14 04:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290179","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113170","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2915,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/179/mufon-5290179.json","updb_database_id":5290179}
In 2016 mid September me and my friend both saw what we think was a spaceship leaving or departing earths atmosphere.

Mid September 2016 In town of Newark New York at aprox 4:35 AM . I was on the back porch of my friends house on Pierson Ave. when A Object emitting a very bright white light in the sky above me And kind of in front of me. Object seemed to be about 5-6 miles Up away from where I was standing in the sky possibly further. It suddenly become very bright in the sky which caught my immediate attention as I have always been an aviation enthusiast. as soon as I see the object it suddenly launched itself almost like it had thrusters prepared for takeoff. From a standstill /hover to traveling full speed faster than any aircraft I have ever seen or heard of. I believe It may have been around the speed of light as It took off In a straight line heading away from the point where I was standing, on the porch. At this point me and my friend are both watching this object shoot across the Clear night sky in incredible un human like Speeds nothing I have ever seen before. After the ufo is gone and I can tell it was very far away from the point in where it originally started from , The most unusual part of the sighting was that this ufo left a glowing green trail behind it as it was moving across the sky in incredible speeds. The trail it left in the sky first was green, then turned to yellow, then orange, then finally red as the trail dissipated into the atmosphere. I believe the speed of the ufo And the energy coming from the ufo reacting with our atmosphere created the glowing green trail. It possibly could have been some kind of heat trail Or chemical reaction that it left behind considering the craft could have been letting off extreme heat. Speed of the craft itself is enough for me to believe it is from outer space, not from this planet nor man-made. The entire sighting lasted only approx 55 seconds to 60 seconds. The ufo traveled in immense distance within 45 seconds as I stated it could have been traveling at light speeds or faster. The entire sighting was silent. The ufo never made a sound in the sky , nothing but visuals. One of the most incredible things I’ve ever seen in my lifetime. I believe I saw a spaceship exiting Earths atmosphere with my own eyes at incredible speeds.
