{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-10-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549179","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5680","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4631,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/179/mufon-5549179.json","updb_database_id":5549179}
2 White or grey spheres against clear night sky

I am writing to you out of concern that I should report the sightings I have had starting September 26 2006. Since that time I have twelve sightings. The one described in my report is the most recent as it occurred last night. The phenomena I have witnessed in the last month has been mind boggling. Only one time did I have another witness present. I regularly see shapes that glide very smoothly and quickly over our area. Last night was the second time that I witnessed two travelling closely side by side parallel to each other. The first time I had seen two together the view of them was not as clear as last night. I was sitting in my hottub watching the clear sky. I was just about to go in for the evening(about 930pm)when they came into view. The came from the north at high speed I would say no more than 2000 ft elevation. They traversed heading south crossing over my town of Belle River. They had no light or glow and seemed white. They continued on a semi straight path I could estimate that they were going 100m/ph but I could be wrong. They seemed to wobble ever so slightly as they glided. As they passed over me I noticed that they started to get closer to each other, I wondered will they collide? They finally passed over one another for a brief moment they seemed to be one object, to switch sides and then continue parallel as they were before crossing each other. These things move like no aircraft I have ever seen. Other times I have seen lights that move and shift angles suddenly. Last night was remarkable but another sighting I have had was equally as breathtaking. About three weeks ago I spotted a glowing light in the eastern sky about 1/4 of the way up the horizon. It glowed bright at first. As it moved it began to angle west to head toward Belle River. I watched as it came closer and closer at a very high speed toward my area. It did not blink and its light effects altered as it moved growing dimmer to an orangish colour. It came at an angle and over the town passing directly over my street and it angled down as it passed. I would say its lowest elevation was maybe 1000 ft. As it passed over its glowing orange light shifted to a vertical straight line of light and then flattened to a horizontal light still orange. As it passed over I could notice a shape which was light in colour(grey to white) and shaped like a wide cylinder which tapers off on the ends. I should mentioned that the shape that this object exhibited as it passed over was one I had seen before. When I had seen it before I thought my eyes might have been playing tricks on me as it was so fast and brief. When I saw that shape the first time it was after I opened my eyes while relaxing in the hottub. It passed over so fast I thought maybe it was a really fat seagull but I took note of its shape thinking if I ever saw it again I was recognize it and I did see it again after all. I should mention something about the location of where I live. Belle River is across from Michigan bored by lake St Clair. There is apparently an airforce base in Michigan across from Belle River. We are in line with Windsor airport and close to Detroit Metro airport across the Detroit River.  
   I am alarmed at what I am seeing but not fearful. I feel that it should be looked into. I do not know if I should be calling the police or what. It is a very alienating experience and I cannot believe that I am the only one around here who is seeing these things. I am a regular person, a nurse with a full time job,a mortage, a husband and a dog. I am not depressed or seeking attention. MUFON to me is the top investigators of UFO phenomena. I hope someone contacts me because I don't know if I should do anything else about it and maybe you could let me know what I should do if anything. I have had 12 sightings too many to describe right now. I do not own a video camera but I am seriously thinking of investing in one. I would appreciate a contact back via email. Thank you so much for your help.
