{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-14 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500179","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58933","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3023,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/179/mufon-5500179.json","updb_database_id":5500179}
{cak} Saw object descend from above. Observed multiple objects or the same object several times

Looking up from my driveway to check cloud cover. Watched a firey light approach from the N, almost directly over me it seemed. As it got closer it got much brighter and looked like a meteor at first but it seemed get brighter as it appeared to get closer. There was reddish orange glow about the color of fire that grew brighter and dimmer. I ran inside to get my camera and managed to get a couple good pictures, I think. We watched the object for several minutes as it seemed to make a wide, arcing turn towards the east. It seemed to come to a stop and hover a couple times. Also looked to be changing altitude. It flew slowly off to the south then seemed to climb and accelerate away out of view, passing close to our local airport. The tower crew would have to have seen this object as well, if not made a radar hit on it. We continued to stare skyward trying to make sense of what we just saw. Suddenly the object appeared again-or another object approached from high altitude to the south. Same strange light effects as the first time, only this time coming towards us from the south. Again the object passed right by the airport and made a turn in our direction. It seemed like it slowed to a stop, not directly above us but very close. I never imagined my still photos would capture this object with any clarity but when I enlarged them I was very surprised to see just how clear the images are. You guys aren't going to believe it. After a minute or two the object began moving away to the east but then made an obvious change in direction back to the south and again seemed to accelerate and climb towards the south until it disappeared. After a few more minutes, the object appeared in the same manner and followed a very similar flight path as the last pass. About 5 minutes after the object disappeared two fighter jets overflew us, passing very close to the spot where I first saw the object. I thought it odd that they just flew over and away to WNW. My guess is the jets were from Pope, sent to respond to a report from the ATC at the airfield but the pilots were just a few minutes too late. The object or planes had not been sighted again by the time I gave up watching for more. PLEASE send someone to see me.
