{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-07 12:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514179","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44052","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3455,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/179/mufon-5514179.json","updb_database_id":5514179}
{cak} This object was awesome yet very creepy and spooky. It shined like the shiniest chrome ever. It was completely quiet was a black mist or haze surrounding the object that was not highly visible. I1m guessing that the haze served as camouflage, block

On October 7th 2012, 12:15 in the afternoon. I was on the tennis court, practicing my serve. When I tossed the ball in the air I saw a flash almost directly above me. 
My first thought was that it was a plane but quickly realized that it wasn1t.

The object appeared as a long rectangle, like a steel beam used to build sky scrapers. It1s hard to know the exact length but I would guess 25 to 35 feet. It was shiny silver in color. When I first noticed the object it was around 1000 feet and by the time the object had descended to 200/300 feet it had moved much closer in my direction. Then the object stopped moving and just hung there. I began back stepping and briefly looked to the ground and by the time I looked up again to the object it had changed form to a machine looking object made of silver balls.

I drew a diagram of the flight pattern from when I spotted the object and I
drew two different angles of the object. The drawings are drawn from the best
of my memory and resemble the object very well.....but not exactly. I had binoculars 
in my car and was able to see the object up close. I did take 3 pictures with my close to useless camera on my cell phone. The pictures don1t show the object very well. 
I was awe struck viewing through the binoculars and by the time I had thought of
taking pictures the object had traveled a good distance from me. There are other
reasons why I couldn1t take pictures earlier but it doesn1t matter. It is what it is.
You have to zoom in on the photos and the object will come into view.

This object was awesome yet very creepy and spooky. It shined like the shiniest chrome ever. It was completely quiet. There was a black mist or haze surrounding the object that was not highly visible. I1m guessing that the haze served as camouflage, blocking some of the shine from the object. Traveling speed was 10 to 15 mph. The object would move a few hundred feet to the north and stop for a few minutes. Then move west a few hundred feet then stop. Then north, then south and so on. Until it disappeared in the western sky. Total viewing time of sighting was 15 to 20 minutes.
