{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-08 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286179","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117210","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2604,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/179/mufon-5286179.json","updb_database_id":5286179}
A meteor-like object falling during the day. It left a shining streak across the sky until suddenly the streak and the light disappeared suddenly.

We were sitting in our pasture with our dogs, watching them exercise. A red-tailed hawk on a telephone pole caught our attention and we were discussing whether he was watching us. At that moment, in the same area of the sky there is a bright flash that descends toward the horizon leaving a glowing trail. As the object sped toward the horizon it and it''s glowing trail disappeared just as suddenly as it appearing. 

A meteor-like object falling during the day. It left a shining streak across the sky until the streak and the light disappeared suddenly. It didn't seem like a 100% straight line path, like there were slight variations on a straight path. Shockingly bright. The light was bluish-white. Kind of like an electrical arc. The sun was bright in the sky and there was a heavy haze from the forest fires. The haze was heaviest to the southwest while the sky to the north was clear and blue. The streak didn't look like a smoke or vapor trail, more like the streak a bolt of lightning would leave. 

I made a previous report from this location about two glowing orbs. This phenomenon appeared roughly the same direction as the previous sighting made at this address. The reason I'm fairly sure it's not a meteorite is that I frequently watch the perseid meteor shower ( which is coming up ) and the direction is all wrong. In addition to that I've seen meteorites fall and this was very different. When a meteorite falls it leaves a glowing trail that fades. This trail didn't fade at all, it disappeared suddenly all at once.

I'm not sure if it was related, but while we were sitting there asking each other "what the hell was that"? there was a deep booming sound. I'm not exactly sure how far after the sighting happened the boom happened. We aren't that far from Edwards AFB but I've never heard a sonic boom here and this seemed too quiet.
