{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-01 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523160","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32817","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2782,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/160/mufon-5523160.json","updb_database_id":5523160}
Florida UFO Sighting.Observed a large black disk shape slowly move through sky just under the clouds.

The time was about 840, A friend and I were about to go out on the night of 10/01/11. (Saturday) While standing on the front porch, wasting a few minutes, we chatted and smoked cigarettes. 
I was facing towards the sky, looking upwards at the stars, when I spotted a large object moving. It was just at the level of low clouds. Difficult to pin point the size of the object, and the distance.If I had to guess, I'd say it was as wide as two or three 727/200 jet liners (200-300 hundred feet, maybe more depending on the altitude). The total time length of the sighting was less then 30 seconds. As it disappeared in and out of the cloud cover, it was at an altitude of less then 6,500 feet. There were no sounds or smells emitting from the object. It was dark outside, and no lights on the object. It seemed to be disk shaped, but since only the front was visible within the darkness and cloud cover, it could possibly have been in the shape of a round boomerang. Hard to tell, But in my opinion it seemed like a massive, dark, saucer shaped object.
When I alerted the person i was with, she turned around and saw it also.
After just the few seconds, it eventually disappeared (i would assume)into the cloud cover , and for several minutes we scanned the skies but saw nothing else. The object seemed solid,slow, and moved steadily. It didn't resemble any Earth craft, nor flying geese, because geese they usually fly in a pointed V shape, and this was rounded. And there was no sound! which flying geese tend to be very noisy as they trumpet. I felt stunned and intrigued by what I saw, never having scene such a large unknown craft that blatantly close to me.
The next day my friend called,and informed me she knew someone in the same neighborhood, and had spoke with them previously that day. Apparently he was out by the garage working on his car, and saw the same mysterious object, as well as his wife who was also with him.

I checked the papers/internet for the next few days, but didn't find any reporting of it. I thought the next best step to do would be to post my findings on Mufon.
