{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-05-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288160","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115209","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3808,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/160/mufon-5288160.json","updb_database_id":5288160}
Not dreaming, not scared

I was a child. 5 or 6years old. Lived on a farm and in a house that used to be a monastery. Remote area, 1/2 mile away on west shore of Butternut Lake. House was place on the corner of the road. So as cars travelled at night, I’d watch the lights from headlights travel along the wall as the car moved through the 90 degree turn, This was not the usual car headlights. That night the light lit my whole room and was blinding. Laying in my bed at first I felt both heavy and floating. Not able to move. From a child’s perspective, I was scared at first, than at peace when either “I” or “something else” said, “go to sleep.” When I woke up again, still feeling heavy but floating, I was afraid to open my eyes. I remember being afraid of what I would see. When I did open my eyes, I was bling. Everything was completely black. I remember taking my fingers and touch my eyes to feel if they were in fact open. They were. I sat up still in bed, push the sheets aside, but not my sheets. Still feeling heavy, moved my legs over the side of the bed. Still not able to touch the floor, short people, I sat there and touched my eyes again to make sure they were open. They were. For a child and so young, I found it interesting that whenever I started to feel scared or panic setting in, “I” or “something else” inside my head calmed me. I slid off my bed slowly not sure how far the floor was from my feet. It seemed further than normal. When my feet made it to the floor it felt cold. Smooth. Metal. The house had all wood floors. The head of my bed was against the wall and directly to the left would’ve been the door. No door. Tried looking for the door knob. Nothing. Blinded. I slid my hands across the wall, picturing in my mind the layout of my room based on were my bed was. Walls were cold, smooth and metal feeling. Panic setting in again. Calming taking place in my mind. I followed the wall for a short time and at the same time making sure not to loose bearing of my bed. To me that was the only safe place to go to. I travelled the wall, moving my hands a little up than down cautiously. I was afraid of touching something my child brain couldn’t comprehend. Enough exploring, I started feeling my way back to my bed and remember hoping that it was still there or that I could find it. I remember calling out to my parents, but my voice too felt heavy and the words slow. They didn’t respond. Something inside me knew they wouldn’t. I climbed back into my bed, pulled the sheets over me and “I” or “something else” told me to “go to sleep.” Upon waking I remember my eyes still being closed and afraid to open them for fear I would still not be able to see. When I got the courage to open them, I did it slowly and was relieved that My eyes were back to normal. Confused, a bit disoriented I went into the kitchen were my mom was making breakfast. I remember asking her where she was last night. She just looked at me with an odd, confused look on her face. I never brought any of this up to anyone. This event has stayed with me all my life. I had hoped I would find reasoning as I matured. 54 years old now. I’ve got no answers.
