{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-12-24 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505160","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53706","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5283,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/160/mufon-5505160.json","updb_database_id":5505160}
{rjl} Observesd light for 1 hour and 40 minutes

It is with some doubt in my mind that I write to you today about a UFO experience I had several years ago. My doubt is not about what I saw, it has more to do with whether or not you will want to hear what I have to say.
Anyway, here's my story.

In 2006 I was living in Illinois but, working in Washington State as a plumber.
Towards the end of June or July I had arranged to meet a longtime lady friend of mine in Illinois and after which we would then fly to my home in England.
I left Washington on New Year's Eve with the intention of driving back to Illinois during Christmas's itself and was well on my way when the following occurred.
Traveling East I had passed the Northern part of Yellowstone then going South I went over the "Bighorn Mountain' and going through a Crow Indian reservation South of Billings, North of the Montana\Wyoming border.
I was in the middle of nowhere. There were no lights visible, not even the loom of lights from a distant town, nothing.
I can remember looking at my watch, it was 6:30 PM.
It was then a light in the sky caught my eye.
Light appeared in the windshield on the driver side of my vehicle about 2 inches down from the top of the windshield and it then traversed across to the driver side of my vehicle where it stopped about 2 inches down from the top and 2 inches in from the left.
I paid little attention to the light at first thinking that what I was seeing was just the jet engine of a plane and carried on my way.
It was around 6:45 PM when I glanced at my watch again and then at the object in the sky. It was at this point in time I realize something was not quite right.
Knowing the typical speed of commercial jet is between 500 and 600 miles an hour, and the speed of an F-15 fighter, one of the fastest jets in the sky is Mach 2.5 or approximately 1400 miles per hour.
Using the slower airspeed of a commercial jet traveling at 600 miles per hour, in the 15 minutes since I first observed the object, the object should now be 150 miles away and at such a distance it would not be visible to me.
I then wondered if the object was a star in the sky but, looking up and around I discovered the sky was overcast and no stars were visible.
I then thought maybe this was a and in anomaly in the windshield of the truck or maybe some strange reflection of one of my dash lights in my glasses.
So, I pulled over, got out of the truck only to discover that with my glasses on or off the light was still visible.
I got back in my truck and carried on my way still wondering what this could be.
My next idea was maybe this was a helicopter with a search light but very quickly discounted that idea. Helicopters with searchlights do flyover towns and cities but not out in the middle of nowhere besides, again there was no loom of a light visible.
My next idea was maybe this light was fixed to the top of the tower and then up in the distance I spotted three red lights that were on top of the tower..
The red lights were on my left as was the white light which was some distance ahead.
Looking out across this vast expanse of open land I could clearly make out the silhouette of the ground rising and then leveling off forming what one might call plateau and it was upon this plateau that the tower with the three red lights sat.
I thought I'd figured it out as I passed the towel with the red lights but, the silhouette clearly showed the landmass dropping back down
I then reasoned if the white light was on a tower then such a tower would've been placed on top of the plateau and that the position of the light was such I was sure they don't build towers that high.
It was one hour and twenty minutes when the object moved.
The object went straight up and I have never seen anything move so fast from a standing start...
I couldn't believe what I had just observed
This was not a shooting star, or a meteorite and what happened approximately 15 minutes later confirmed that.
At 8:05 PM the object reappeared in the sky some distance ahead of me and travel downwards an approximate 451 angle and went right back to the position in my windshield (2 inches from the top, 2 inches from the side) were is an been for a little over one hour and a half.
Shortly afterwards as I entered a town I lost sight of the object due to the loom of the street lights and I never saw it again.

That's my story and it is one I haven't shared with too many people
I did try and tell my lady friend what I had seen when I got back to Illinois but, she laughed it off saying "They were probably looking for you after all, you are an Alien"

Thank You.......... [Name Removed/CMS/rjl]
