{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-07 11:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488160","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71491","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2770,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/160/mufon-5488160.json","updb_database_id":5488160}
{cak} alien or government

This by far is the craziest thing I have ever witnessed in my life and still makes me tear up or get chills everyone I talk about it. I'm on TV for a show that my girlfriend is on and I'am very sane. I've witnessed this same exact event TWICE in my life in two different states. I'm from a Chicago suburb where I first witnessed this. Me and my ex gf got home around 3am about 9 years ago(sober). We got out of the car and I told her there was a satellite in the sky mount slowly. It looked like a star moving slowly through the sky. We watched for a few minutes and all of a sudden it stopped completely. Then got brighter and brighter and brighter. It became so bright that I could see my shadow on the ground. It was right under some low clouds I'm guessing a few hundred feet off the ground.
It was a large bright orb with two different bright white lights. The lights above the orb were not as bright as the bottom lights. Then the amazing part happened.. It zipped miles and miles to the left and the zipped back past where it started miles and miles and did the same thing 3 or 4 times making this splitting threw the air noise. It then stopped perfectly where it was when it stopped. It stayed there when I called the non emergency number and she said there was more calls about it. It then zipped off into the sky like Star Trek when they beam into light speed. It left such a long white trail that like fell and faded as time went. It was so long.. I couldn't sleep that night and have been telling everyone this story for years. Just recently I seen the same exact thing in broad day light. Almost identical except it didn't zip into space it disappeared behind some clouds slowly as I tried to grab my current girlfriend that I'm on the TV show with. Except now I live at the top of the West Hollywood hills in CA. I'm one of the very top houses and this time it happened it day light on OCT 7th 2015. I'm willing to take a lie detector test or whatever I need to do. This is some technolog we have that no one knows about or completely a UFO. Craziest thing I have ever seen in my whole life. I'm 30 and completely normal and not crazy.
