{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-07-11 05:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455849","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105759","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2576,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/849/mufon-5455849.json","updb_database_id":5455849}
{rjl} Orb rose from early morning mist ... then glided over the valley and rose up towards north east

I was high a top Bent Mountain Va. I rose early to catch the sun rise. Took a series of pictures of the valley just before dawn as the sun rose over the mountains. While I did see a flash of light, i took a quick out of focus picture of it but then took a full series of pictures as I drank my first cup of coffee. At the time, thought maybe it was a plane leaving an airport...but not sure if one was in view as the valley was under clouds. Did not see a plane. Later in the day, in the passengers seat...I examined the pictures I had taken and I have pictures that show that initial flash ( out of focus) , then the orb rising up and out of the early morning mist, then rising and moving sort of west to east across the valley as it rose and up into the atmosphere. And finally appears as a small "moon" in the upper atmosphere to the North East. Bent Mountain is 3-4000 ft in elevation. It overlooks the valley near Roanoke Va. The Orb seems quite large. But from the elevation I was at ... hard to tell but seemed hundreds of feet across.  I took the pictures with a Galaxy 8 set at high rez I think.  (phone camera) Meta data might be embedded but I dont quite understand that.  Thought at first maybe I had trash on the lens, but as you look at the pics, the orb moves around the frames and except for the up close picture, that I cropped later, I have not retouched these. I've never seen anything like this. The close up I cropped seems to indicate it was rotating. I was alone on the mountain top, staying at a random Airbnb just capturing shots...I have the exact location but choose not to release because I do not have permission from the owner of the property. I'm just an average 69 year old man, on a vacation that included about 12 states in about 12 days.
