{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-12 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493849","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65653","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3763,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/849/mufon-5493849.json","updb_database_id":5493849}
A hovering Bright Yellow Orange orb, seeing from my back yard, switching paths and direction very slowly then disappearing.

It was 1am on a nice clear night outside. I was in my backyard having a smoke resting , I just got home 2 hours ago from work. 

I first noticed the object when I saw a yellow bright orange type orb in the sky. It was very odd to me because I study planes and jets since I am trying to join the Canadian forces. 

I really had no idea what it was, I tried to think of different planes night lights, signal lights and realized most flash on planes for other planes to see it easier and have red and green lights usually on commercial planes and are at the wings , front or back i noticed.After some though, I then really thought It was a alien UFO from what i witnessed 

I noticed that it was just hoovering there like nothing I have seeing ever before. After about 3 minutes from what I timed, it started to very slowly mover north west from it position. It moved quite slower then I have seeing in my life. I live very close to the YVR Airport also so I regularly observe the air plane speed , trails they leave ect. After only 30 seconds of moving very slow it just stopped dead in its tracks and hoovered some more, after another 5 minutes it started to speed up, not really fast or the speed of a plane but fast enough to travel a block in at least 5 seconds easy, and I mean a good length distance. I then looked at more of the shape and look. I noticed that it was orb circle like, but as if was flat in the seance, imagine drawing a circle on paper and looking at it from the top,but with a circle threw the middle opposite way. It had that type of ring bass, but had a bright glowing orb to it all around. I noticed that the inner part of the orb seemed to be a more thick , dense, orange with a brighter yellowish orange on the outside of it. I quickly ran inside about 2 meters away from where I was. I live on a single level co op in a small place, it took me no more then 5 seconds to reach my computer to look at the time and date. I then ran rite back out side, a total of 10 seconds the most and it just disappeared , not a single trace was left at all.

I was quite amazed really, I always believed it was ignorant to think god is not from space if religious or that we are the only ones in the universe.During the sighting I was quite like ok, I have to figure this out , what the BEEP (can put some imagine nation to which swear word I used) is this, this cant be a plane or helicopter, and if it was a helicopter would I not here it?? It left me wondering what was this. I know I am not delusional as I got my self tested for mentle health and disorders 3 years back just to learn more about my self and do to the fact my mom got psychosis from taking to much medication so it made me do that. I know i was not seeing things so I am left really wanting to figure this out is all I could think.

I lost sight of the object by running in to check the date and time. I was to amazed so I forgot to write or type it out. I have memory that is amazing though and can remember things from childhood, at a age most cant.
