{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-19 15:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500849","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58237","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5987,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/849/mufon-5500849.json","updb_database_id":5500849}
{rjl} Threatened/intimidated by Men in Black and other alien entities.

I have been abducted three times since I was twelve years old. I filed a report about my UFO sightings on April 12th 2014 and my subsequent abduction at 3 am on the 15th that same week. I corresponded with on of your agents but have yet tio be interviewed. This report is about the Grays agenda and my threats from the men in black and other strange aliens on July 19th. I began to do a lot of research and even planned to write a book about my findings. I discovered all there is to be known about the Dulce, New Mexico underground base and the plans for the New World Order (refered to in the Zeitgeist documentaries) which I believe is already upon us soon. After going to the web page for the city of Telos, an underground metropolis deep beneath Mt. Shasta in California, I was contacted by a woman who claimed to be Pleiadean just like I am part Pleiadean. I asked her if she had heard about what happened to our people on Procyon and she said she was not allowed to talk about that as if she received a message via telepathy because I got the impression that she didn't know. I know this sounds insane but please believe me. I have read the Dulce Book and know about the Illuminati's Luciferian Collective run by the 5th dimensional 'Bent Ones' controlling the Nephilim and their hive minded gray aliens and their semi-human controlees and even including many 'assimilated' (for lack of a better term) Pleiadeans. They are of singular consciousness like the Borg of Star Trek. The woman who contacted me asked if I had ever been to the "river" which I assume is an allegory for the "Christ Consciousness" (visit the website and watch the cideo on the homepage which you can google since I can't list the bew address as per your conditions) as they call it, but it is pure evil. They take your emotional individuality. As she communicated with me telepathically, I began to see time itself seem to slow down and I feel like I almost crossed over to this "river" but at the last minute resisted or was somehow pulled back and she left abruptly. I had mentioned that I was writing a book earlier which she said she may have connections in publishing at Mt. Shasta (I assume through Telos). Soon after, my tent/booth (I was a vendor at a fair) began to become crowded with many people who made me very uncomfortable and fearful with their auras or presence or something like that. They acted robotic and 'ant-like' in movement and behavior and often times spoke strangely in unison, not always making sense of what they were saying. They harassed and threatened me asking many questions and giving verty few answers to mine. They seemed to communicate half in my mind telepathically and half through spoken language. I felt as if they were in my mind reading my thoughts. The first two that came in sat down with me and my mother-in-law and I whispered to her that they were not human. She asked if they believed in aliens, they said yes and admitted to being aliens. One of them appeared to have half of his face droop down inhumanly which really creeped us out. More came in acting robotic and uniformly in motion until the tent was crowded with them like an ant hive at a picnic. I asked them if I could just be neutral (fearing for my safety at this time) that I would stop my research and delete my files. They looked at each other and nodded saying, "yes" in unison and left, but soon after many more began to return including some that had already been there. One of them asked if I "heard about the river, the Willamette river... all those dead fish." Another came in later and said "its not right when people steal from corporations (which I stole nothing, just researched the internet. I found the webpage for Telos USA under Mt. Shasta and gave them my email the night before all this happened. As I left the fair, I was followed by many, all walking in unison like ants. They were of the collective. I know it. I was threatened and intimidated. I kept hearing strange statements pertaining to my personal life that only I would know such as poetry or poetik records which was a project of mine. Also, I heard some shouting, "He found it on the inter-web, the inter-web!" which sounded very peculiar I thought since its the 'internet.' I believe my life may be in danger if I persist, but I am willing to take that risk. There is something very sinister going on in these underground bases as I'm sure your Hangar 1 files would confirm that. I need your help. I need someone to come hear and record what I have to say and show you before it's too late. Just go to their website and that will confirm half of what I am saying. This is now the third time I have filed this exact report and it keeps failing to upload so I will try without posting my video and photo clips this time but I have them available upon demand. My phone has been tapped as are my computers and tablet I am sure. Please respond ASAP. I have lots of information that you may or may not yet have. I know it sounds crazy but you must believe me. I can prove all of it. I tried to upload pictures of my UFO sightings earlier but they would not upload. Thank you. P.S. I know this was Men in Black related. I'm scared but willing to take the risk to get this information public. Please contact me! It is imperative that I speak with you.
