{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-01-29 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282849","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120598","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3034,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/849/mufon-5282849.json","updb_database_id":5282849}
Star like orb avoiding air traffic moving in loops and changing direction and altitute.

I was in a field unloading a trailer at around 6:30pm, right as the sun started to set. Out of the corner of my eye i spot what looks like the first star of the evening sky. I didn't think much at first until i examine it further and find that it is emitting light. Red, blue and green lights that looked like they where revolving. Next thing i know the star like orb moves left slowly but then abruptly moves back to the right. I keep watching, i see it move up and down left to right... left again but then swoops down in a curve before ascending. I noticed a few planes go by which is common since theres a flight path from Denvers international airport. The orb like star is still in the sky it has been stationary for about 5 minutes. One of the planes i saw flight to the right of the orb out of no where the orb moves to the left. The next planes fly to the left of the orb and this time the orb moves to the right. Almost like it was avoiding air traffic. 

At this point i am about 20 miles from my house. I decide to drive off from the field. Keeping an eye on the road and one on the orb which i could still see. The orb seemed to stop moving i could still see that it was emitting colorful lights though. It was getting dark out so i had to focus on the road hoping the light would still be there after i got home. 

Right as i get home i turn off the truck and am greeted by my sister. I have her stare up at the orb it is still there but it is not moving. We stayed outside and watched for about 15 minutes. The time was around 7.20 at that moment. All of a sudden the orb starts moving after being stationary for about 25 minutes which freaks my sister out and proves that i wasn't hallucinating or making it up. Like before it moved left then right it would move up and down the speed varied. For the next hour i try to capture images of the object but the camera will not focus and i have no luck. 

I decide to go inside for a brief moment to warm up. When i return outside a few moments later the orb which was the brightest object in the sky is gone. The closet brightest object in the sky besides the orb was Uranus. The orb was about 2-3 times brighter than that planet though. 

All i know is i have been wanting to experience something out of this world and tonight i had that amazing opportunity. I am more intrigued than ever.
