{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502849","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56139","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4437,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/849/mufon-5502849.json","updb_database_id":5502849}
{nd} Extremely bright objects appearing as huge crescent moon with second bright object below closer to houses and ground. Each night a little different with closer to houses object. Appeared to be taking photos of sites in neighborhoods and airport.

This is my third report to MUFON and with each sighting significantly becoming more sophisticated and more choreographed. I watch them every night and have since late last summer. Each night they would stay in the same position for many days then they would change positions focusing in other areas but remaining in those different positions for a period of time, also. When they finished they would move on once again. I have watched their progression or movement with regard to position. They went from coastal to neighborhoods to airport. What next? Please realize, I have watched these orbs, if you will, progress since last July 2013. No one in my area seems to be talking about it. Hats off to MUFON. Where would we be without them investigating. Are people talking in your neighborhood? If they aren't, they should be.

One night, a week ago now, I went outside after viewing through my backyard window lots of bright shiny objects in the sky all around. There were so many in every direction, I couldn't begin to count them, and they were at different elevations. Some would appear and disappear instantly, while others would stay out and remain in place for long lengths of time. I noticed as one started to instantly disappear after appearing, it was a blue orb fizzling out. 

I have witnessed many different behaviors with orbs and bright objects, it is difficult in this narrative to include them all. They have been viewed as having different shapes and sizes. I have taken many pictures and some are in color as well as others being white/grayish or otherwise. I believe those are beams from the lower in elevation appearing orb, which I have viewed. In my photos there are two parts many times, particularly lately. One primary upper orb and the lower seems to be the object that is doing the gathering of data and imaging.

In the past two months, I have seen a very large thin crescent-like moon through the treetops in a Westerly position. (I have seen the crescent face in both directions - West and South). When I first saw it, I really thought it was the moon shining through my window- remember this was late at night. However, it was shining so brightly like our sun does on a very sunny day, it got my attention very quickly. Below it in a secondary position, much lower in elevation and at a different angle, was a huge bright shining orange circle. I saw the orange circle through my neighbor's fence in my backyard. I had my Husband go outside on our back deck to see this bright orange appearing circle, also. As I tried to get a photo of it, it would not allow me to capture it's bright orange color. It actually came out white, every time; I couldn't get it to appear like I was seeing it. The bright circle was huge and very very bright orange in color.

Because of the photos I have taken, especially in recent months, I have come to the opinion, these orbs are taking pictures of many things such as buildings, airports and yes, even vehicles. I have the pictures to prove it. In my photo submission I have included several for MUFON to view and access.
