{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-04 23:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490849","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68727","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":11917,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/849/mufon-5490849.json","updb_database_id":5490849}
8-10 black ovals flying low in formation of two rows over Coaldale,AB,Canada

Sunday, Sept 4, 2011, dark clear calm evening in Coaldale, AB, Canada-

In my memory I thought I left the house about 8:30 pm but when I went back to the house to write it down it was 11:50pm (??). Meanwhile the whole thing seemed to last only about 10-15 minutes. I guess I could be mistaken about the earlier time.

I was living in Coaldale, a small town on the flat prairie about a 15 minute drive east of Lethbridge, AB on Highway #3. We lived in a two storey attached townhouse (six townhouses in a block) across the street from the back playing field of R. I. Baker School, a middle school. I was a school bus driver in the town of Coaldale and knew the schools, town and children very well. This school field is sunken about 5ft below street level as it served as a flood plain catchment area, in case of torrential rains on the flat prairie the rain would have someplace to drain away. This large hollowed area would act like a giant megaphone, amplifying any sounds in the immediate area, like the playground at the school, and sound would reverberate across the field and bounce off our bank of six townhouses. If someone would talk very low or even whisper at the back of the school we could hear every word if we were outside the front of our house. Coaldale is home to the Alberta Birds of Prey Centre, which has a large pond next to it, attracting many types of wild birds; falcons, kestrels, red wing black birds, Canadian geese and, since the late '90s, a group of California pelicans- attracting more and more of them with each passing year. The St. Mary's Irrigation District canal went through our town east-west only two blocks to the south of our house (parallel to Highway #3), home to many loud frogs that can be heard every calm night. After dark the town would be very calm and very quiet, except for the odd pedestrian. Such a small town, we used to joke that we could have rolled up the streets and put them away at night. Perfect conditions to stargaze, and on this moonless clear, calm night the Milky Way was clearly visible. I had been a Brownie leader in Claresholm, AB years before and was versed in astronomy and birdwatching. 

I left the front of our house to cross the street and sit on the bank of the schoolyard to smoke a cigarette. As soon as I crossed the street, listening to the frogs & crickets, I saw something in the distance. I hadn't even had the time to sit or light my cigarette, I just stood there trying to make out what I was seeing headed in my direction. Coming from the ENE was a group of black ovals. I was thinkin to myself, "What the . . . IS that? Pelicans?? No, can't be. Birds don't fly at night."
I moved to the center of the field where it was darker to try for a better view, away from the streetlights that lined the edge of the block. I was standing in the field holding my forearm up in front of my eyes to block the glare from the streetlights so I could see the darker sky above my arm- I would do this when stargazing to see the stars closer to the horizon and removing the streetlights from my view. As these dark ovals moved in formation, like birds do, I realized the formation they were in was not the typical 'V' that large birds use. There were no large flapping wings on either side of these ovals and no head bobbing as pelicans do when they fly, and still too large to be Canadian geese. Again, I reassured myself that birds don't fly at night, and beside that, Canadian geese are noisy, calling to each other as they fly. What I was seeing was now close enough to be heard, but all was very still and very silent. I didn't realize that the crickets and frogs had fallen silent til later. These weren't birds, so what were they? I saw that on their current trajectory they would pass directly over my head, so just watched and waited, curious to figure out just what this was. It was not like anything I had seen before. These dark ovals blotted out the stars behind them and as they closed in they covered up the streetlights too.

Sure enough they passed right over my head, giving me an excellent unencumbered view. As if in military aircraft formation, the first straight line was five vehicles wide, and directly behind those were three more ( I may be wrong about the numbers, could've been 6 & 4, I was in shock), in two tiers and deftly remaining equidistant as they flew slowly overhead. Flying very low and too slow for planes- their speed could best be described as fast as a slow moving helicopter, but they were not helicopters and totally silent. They weren't in any hurry. The only sound I heard as they passed over head was a very slight 'woosh' of the disturbed air as they passed through it. No engine noise at all. They were the color of flat, dull black with no reflective properties, not even from the nearby streetlights, almost as if they were textured in some way or absorbing any light hitting them. Not just ovals, they were an odd lozenge shape with the front edge positioned lower than the higher back edge. Passing over my head from ENE to WSW, diagonally over the town, passing over our two storey townhouse with maybe 20-25 ft to spare. They passed over smoothly, without any hesitation or course change, as if they did not notice me at all. I remember whispering to myself, "Holy f---!" Also knowing from a previous encounter I didn't talk about, I was sure no one would believe me if I did talk about it. Surely no one would believe I'd had TWO sightings now! I could never have made this up, and it wasn't an area of interest for me. 

As I lit my cigarette now my hands were trembling. Looked around for anyone else who might have seen this, but didn't see anyone. 
This is when I became aware that the crickets & frogs were now louder than ever, not realizing til now that they had stopped making noise while the formation flew over. I went home and wrote down the date & time in a notebook, it was now 11:50pm. I toyed with the idea of calling the Police, but figured they would think I was crazy- then wondered if I would lose my school bus driving job. People don't generally let crazy people drive their children around unsupervised, I thought. Then it came to me that if they stayed on their current path they would fly very near the Lethbridge Airport, slightly south of the city- but would they appear on radar flying so low? I remembered going to the Lethbridge Air Show that there was a Canadian Air Force detachment right next to the Airport, and tried to find a phone number, but of course it was unlisted. I decided to let it drop and not worry about it and keep my job.

I was to have more strange prophetic dreams after that, about things there was no way I could know; quantum physics, a secret program I was unaware of, earthquakes, the frequency of Earth rising, and many other strange things that I had no interest in. I had a Bachelor of Fine Arts, so mathematics & physics are REALLY not my 'thing', but I would go to my computer and Google what I had dreamt about, hoping to put it out of my head- but each dream turned out to be something real and factual, which in turn would leave me a little freaked out each time. I never get used to it, the hair on the back of my neck stands up every time. 

Both sightings, 1997 & 2011, would leave me 'super charged' psychically and having prophetic dreams and then slowly over time it would slowly taper off again. I still have the odd dream that really stands out, but I still meet complete strangers and know things about them. I still know when something bad is going to happen, like earthquakes, but it feels more like listening to my natural instincts. I can sense when a spirit is in the room-but figured that this was from my near-death experience when I was sixteen. I had never linked my psychic experiences to these sightings until yesterday when I filled out my first MUFON report about my 1997 sighting, when I saw page two with all those psychic questions. But thinking on it all last night, there is a certain coincidence. These two sightings seemed to boost my "natural ability" to sense more things, bigger events, that 'supercharge'. Only once DURING the first sighting did I hear a voice in my head. And only two times since, once after each sighting, have I ever experienced what seemed to be clareaudience, being able to hear a "voice" inside my head that is not a thought of my own. In 1997, on a sunny fall afternoon I had a realization that the N Pole was shifting toward N Russia, and I said out loud to myself, "The pole is going to shift, that's right isn't it?" As if saying it out loud would somehow make the thought go away, or perhaps a spirit of some kind would validate it for me, but I heard a voice as if it was right inside my right ear say very loudly, and clearly, "WENDY!" That scared the livin daylights out of me. I never doubted my ability when I get a very strong feeling anymore, I trust it. After that afternoon I predicted the next five 6.0 or higher earthquakes, seeing a map in my mind's eye with the epicenter marked clearly-five out of five correctly, blowing my own mind! (Northridge and Kobe, Japan among them) I would report my earthquake predictions to a girlfriend, we would mark them on the calendar, then we would talk again when it actually occurred, verifying my predictions and giving me some idea how far in advance I was getting the information (anywhere from 3 months to 2 weeks prior). After Kobe, Japan, I turned my ability off, depressed that 2000 people had died and I knew it was going to happen two weeks before, and no one to tell, no one other than my girlfriend & mother to believe me, nothing I could do to save them. It felt more like a curse than a gift. The next time I heard a "voice" was after the second sighting, later on that fall in 2011- I was sitting on my front step on a lovely fall afternoon contemplating all the burdens and financial woes in my life, wondering in my thoughts when would things ever get easier, when things would ever get better for ME, thinking only of myself, staring off in the distant sky- then I heard as clear as day in my head, "What makes you think this life is all about you?" As I snapped out of what seemed like a daydream, my eyes seemed like I was staring into the sun, but I hadn't, I was looking to the north (on my left) and the sun was on my right. Strange occurrence! It also turned my ability back "on", beyond my control. After that day I became very depressed at the thought that no great thing might ever happen just for me, resigned that I was only here to help others. Nowadays that's what I put my energy into and I'm very OK with it, which is a long way from where my mind was back then. 

I know this whole thing sounds beyond belief, I am aware how it sounds. As with my first sighting, I never discussed either sighting with anyone except my mother- til this report. It does feel good, like I'm getting something off my chest. Although part of me is expecting ridicule from somewhere, after I hit 'enter'.
