{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-26 16:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505849","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52988","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3905,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/849/mufon-5505849.json","updb_database_id":5505849}
{nd} I observed a star while in my yard. Someting about it seemed odd. No other stars were out, late afternoon. Observed it with binoculars, then light aburptly went out, entire thing vanished.

I was in my backyard having just finished some gardening, facing the hills (East), my back to the setting sun (West). I looked up at the sky after I turned the garden hose off and noticed a star directly up and ahead. No other stars were out yet, so I wondered if it was a very high plane glinting with sunlight. But it really looked like a star, or possibly Venus, though I had never seen Venus at that location in the sky before. Something about it just seemed odd, unusual, and I wanted to look at it with binoculars. I like to watch airplanes, stars, and meteor showers but I usually only use my binoculars to observe birds. I watched it for several minutes, and realized it wasnt moving. The feeling that it was odd remained. I do not normally have this feeling about stars. I decided to get binoculars and then come back to my same position to see if it had moved. I marked my position on the stepping stone I was standing on, and made an estimated triangulation between where the star was and the line of my roof and the gutter. I then noticed a small plane leaving a vapor trail flying low overhead, from where I was still standing. I walked around the side of my house and indoors to get my binoculars. This must have taken only about 10-15 seconds. The vapor-trail plane had advanced considerably and I watched it from near my patio door as it receded towards the hills (East). This probably took about another 15-20 seconds.

I then walked back down the side of the house to the hose faucet. Glancing up, I saw the star still there. I observed my position and guessed that it hadnt moved at all, and if it had, it was a nearly imperceptible movement. At this point I no longer thought it was a plane, and thought it was perhaps too low to be a satellite. There were still no other stars out that I could see. I looked at it with binoculars, but it was difficult to get a lot of detail. It was shining with a whitish-silver light, and I could see a general form to it- it was round and a clump-shape, rather than an elongated one.  I could not see anything that suggested wings like an airplane. It also shimmered, similar to the way an oasis does. Because there was a shape to it rather than just light, I now had the impression that I was looking at some kind of object. I tried to refocus the binoculars and glanced away for a second to ensure that I was still seeing it at the same point in the sky (I was). As I looked at it without binoculars, the light seemed to go out, and the object appeared as a dull gray point, as if darkened. I immediately brought the binoculars up to my face, but I couldnt find it. I put the binoculars down again and scanned the sky, but I couldnt find it at all. This was confusing because I had a good patch of sky visible and it seemed to literally have just vanished. I changed my position, moved several times, and turned to face the other way in case it was visible from another angle. The sky was still quite light out and airplanes were visible here and there (but still no other stars). The star/object was gone. This entire episode lasted roughly 5- 7 minutes or so.
