{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-04-30 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457849","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103707","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3674,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/849/mufon-5457849.json","updb_database_id":5457849}
{tjd} During a trip to Panama City Beach FL. I spotted a ufo/uap during the day. I have video and photos of it with a very good camera.

I was in a hotel room on the 22nd floor in Panama City Beach Florida. I was looking off the balcony west to east towards Tyndall AFB when I spotted what I thought was the reflection of something in the air. I estimated it to be approximately 15 miles away and approximately 20,000 feet AGL. I realized the object I was seeing was not moving. I have 22 years in the us air force, and have over 2000 hours flying on helicopters, so I initially thought I was seeing something hoovering, and possibly something from the nearby Tyndall AFB. I began taking photos of it and a short video. The pictures are a sequential series of about 100 photos and show the object to have a lot of movement but it is not going anywhere. I used a zoom lens on a new a6000 Sony camera, and did not check the photos at the time. Later when I downloaded them to my laptop I realized I had captured some very extraordinary pictures of something I had never seen before. Over the course of the two hours I took photos the object appears to be an advanced aircraft with straight lines and horizontal stabilizers, to a rocket shaped object traveling at a very high speed, what appears to be concentric rings of a contrail, and finally what appears to be a huge luminescent stingray or butterfly with straight line edged wings on both sides. 
In another series of photos it is obvious the object has made itself to appear invisible by reflecting the surrounding blue sky. When enlarged you can make out the outline of the object. I have not posted any of these photos yet. 
I have photos of everything I have mentioned. I have uploaded the video to youtube and can be seen there. [ Item moved to FI Report {tjd}
If it is a secret project, it should not have been flying in the middle of the day over Panama City Beach on 30 April 2019. I have looked extensively and cannot find anything like them online at various sites. 
Pictures have been seen by personnel in a gov agency because I did not want to show them if they were part of a secret project. They said they were "weather balloons"... (of course, that is what they had to say).

I have included only one photo with this submission. I have about 100 photos, not all clear, but many of them are amazing and an object is definitely recognizable. The video uploaded to YouTube is the object in the still photo.
