{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-10 14:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527849","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27763","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6131,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/849/mufon-5527849.json","updb_database_id":5527849}
Bright, small UFO-- star-like at first, then strobe orange/yellow lights while moving very slowly high in the sky.

Proof that UFOs exist. I'll be uploading the rest of the pictures that I captured into a video format at the site I have my videos on the internet. And before I downloaded the pictures to view them, I wrote this account first without seeing the pictures first.

 On February 10, 2011 in Mesa, AZ around 2:30PM, I went outside onto my porch to watch the sky for a little bit. I seen the normal things flying such as jets, birds, etc. Then after a little while, I decided to lite a cigarette. As I glanced towards the sky that was directly in front of me with just my eyes only and while liting the cigarette, I thought I seen what I thought was a small and bright ball of light high in the sky hovering and less than half a mile from location which that sighting lasted just a few moments. I quickly looked through the camera's telescopic lens to see if I could locate it thinking that maybe it was just a speck of dust or something that just briefly appear and disappeared. I could not locate that ball of light, but I did take a few pictures of the general area of the sky anyways for me to later closely examine.

 Then about 30 seconds to a minute later, I spotted a small and bright, white colored UFO that almost appeared similar to a small and brilliant star. With 1 arm extended outward holding something to compare the size of the light or UFO, I would have to say the UFO was slightly smaller than a pea; or about the same size of a commercial jet seen flying at a 5 mile distant. The area in the sky where I spotted this UFO was the same distant and same height of the first spotted object, but now this UFO was in a different part of the sky. The first object was spotted at a compass bearing of 240 degrees. The second sighting, the UFO was first seen at a compass bearing of 200 degrees which is to my left side location. From my perspectives, the UFO moved a distant possibly 200 or 300 feet. The object was moving very slowly and flashing bright light from one side of the object slowly like a slow pulsating light that brighten and dim in irregular pattern. The side that was lighting up was not facing the direction of the sun but north in direction. When I first seen the 2nd UFO, it was moving to a distant of 100 feet like it was flying away from me at an angle heading south. Then the UFO changed its direction, and it was then coming towards my location like a long curved course. As it was coming towards my location, it appeared to become slightly larger, and it was then looking bright orange/yellow in color, and flashing very rapidly, yet it also appeared like it was changing colors of orange and yellow somewhat similar to an old rotating/striped barber sign that was somewhat round or oval in shape. After I had taken some pictures, I decided to change the camera exposure which when I did that, I temporary lost sight of the object when I tried locating it again. I eventually located the object, only it had moved more to the right of my location a distant of 50 feet and much closer to my location. I was actually thinking I was going to get some really good close up pictures of this UFO if it continued coming closer to my location. While taking some pictures of the UFO, I decided to use the auto-focus once which I had no problem using, and I auto-focused onto the UFO; however, I didn't want to waste any time or chances using the auto-focus more than once. I then decide later to switch back to my regular exposure which again I lost sight of the UFO temporarily which I eventually was able to locate the object again. At that time, it was moving away from me like in an erratic flying pattern similar to moving up, down, and sideways jerking-like motion but at a slow speed. After taking some pictures, I then decided to change the camera exposure setting again; however, after I did that, I could not locate the UFO in the sky. Beyond a doubt, it was a UFO of some sort, and the UFO is absolutely not a balloon, plane, bird, star, etc; 100 percent plus UFO guarantee.

 While I continued to watch the sky in the general area where I once saw the UFO, 2 to 5 minutes later a small plane quickly flew passed my location very near me from the east at a low altitude and from behind my location. The plane appeared to be at the same altitude I seen the UFO. The plane circled the general area once where I had previously seen the UFO. After the plane circled the area just once, it headed then in a N or NW direction. I also took lots of pictures of that plane. When that plane circled around the general area of where I once spotted the UFO, it's circling the area indicated to me that the pilot must have seen the UFO too from a far distant, and he/she came to the area to check out the bright light. I never seen a plane do a circle in the sky in my neighborhood, and the general area where the UFO was seen is also in the general section or main flight path of commercial jets and small planes.

 The sky was blue, no clouds, crystal clear day, and mild sunrays. The wind seem to be blowing from the north very gently. The temperature was somewhere around 70 degrees.
