{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-09-11 23:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291942","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111386","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5373,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/942/mufon-5291942.json","updb_database_id":5291942}
[location removed] 3 Transcending Orbs Around 9/11 Memorial Light Beams Morph into 1 and ascend at unimaginable speeds

My girlfriend and I went to a new spot called The Point (Which is really The Pier, a new version that took our city 5 years to build. it is one of our oldest attractions dating back to the 1900's, in [location removed] . On our way too the point, we both saw that about 2 miles away, our city had dedicated 2 bright spotlights into the sky to represent the 9/11 attacks. They were beautiful, but both of us were able to see from the spotlight on the ground clear to the top of the light (where the lights reached the overcasting clouds and stopped).  By the time we made it to The Point (about 500-600 Yards off shore via a walk on the bridge), we could see the 9/11 lights clearly and the overcast had pretty much vanished. We both clearly saw the lights in the distance and there was nothing around them. 
WELL.. Then it got strange. I felt the sudden urge to go all the way across the top floor of The Point (about 100 feet from where our drinks were) before we left, and take a picture of the 9/11 lights. Yet for some reason, I couldn't get a good shot at all (so I thought). I kept noticing my phone screen was not taking my finger on the shutter button. So, I gave up.
Then we began walking back towards shore on the bridge you see in the photo attached. After about 100 yards, I looked up towards the 9/11 lights and saw what looked like rips in the darkness. 3 almost portal-like orbs surrounding the 9/11 lights. My girlfriend has been on her way into the journey of ascending in consciousness and is in the begining stages, just beginning to notice things. I didn't want to freak her out, as I have had many many visits with ET Craft, so I didn't point them out.. and then RIGHT after i decided not to, they literally morphed into ONE amazingly massive ball of "light" and took off from the 9/11 light area clear passed where we were, which is still miles away from the 9/11 lights, at unimaginable speeds and into the sky in movements and speeds that defy any modern physics. I knew this wasn't the 9/11 lights being moved or changed, because the 9/11 lights never moved during the entire duration of the event. I could see both 9/11 tower lights AND these orbs morph into one and fly off the entire time, AND SO COULD MY GIRLFRIEND! We both were obviously happy, but we weren't overjoyed or shocked. It was like we knew they were there the entire time. My girlfriend (her first encounter) literally going "That was beautiful..". Now, of course, anyone who's had an experience like this tries to discredit it in their mind. Well, I did too, until I went to upload a photo from the night (having nothing to do with the encounter).. and then I saw it. The 3 orbs were there while I was on the top floor of The Point/Pier, I simply could not see them through the naked eye. Perhaps they weren't trying to be seen at the time. But when they left, I saw them. When they morphed, I saw them. Dozens of people were around us, but with the music and events around, it was as if no one else noticed. Like they wanted to send US a message. Attached is the photo I took about 15 minutes before the orbs morphed, and what is funny is that when I was trying to take this photo, my girlfriend had been talking about how she feels herself becoming enlightened, conscious, things of that nature.. 

Looking at the photo, if you look at the bridge about half way down it, is where we were when these lights became one and flew maybe 100-300 feet over our head, but was so fast we couldn't possibly tell the speed. Sure enough, as we got closer to the 9/11 beams and I took a second photo, there was no more 3 orbs.

This was without a doubt an intelligent life.
Photo 1: A photo i took when i first noticed the 9/11 lights on the way to our destination, The Point (where we would see the orbs) - directly west of where we would be located when i took photo 3 (the photo i later discovered captured the orbs we saw, but not until after the event happened would i notice it captured them)
Photo 2: The image that captured the orbs while my phone was messing up, again, I didn't get to view this photo until after the event occurred 
Photo 3: A photo from the parking lot after the event (parking lot is half way down the bridge, on the left side if you're facing the skyline of [location removed]) to confirm to myself there was nothing there any longer.
