{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-02 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511942","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46390","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2969,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/942/mufon-5511942.json","updb_database_id":5511942}
nd} Saw increased aerial activity while driving on highway, started noticing multiple UFOs behaving differently.

I was driving my kids to their mothers heading north up interstate 45 entering Clear Lake/Webster area. I began to notice helicopters and airplanes in the sky which did not do more than barely get me to look up and watch them. I noticed multiple bright star-like objects far above them underneath the overcast sky, flying in slow swooping or curving tracks seeming to float further up into the sky. I was excited and started to look for more and noticed a larger and brighter star-object on the horizon floating downward slowly towards the tree line. I had no clue what these things were, they looked like stars. They were maybe a mile away, maybe more. But the light beams from them would pierce through the black sky much like a stars light would, and also had an iridescent twinkle to them. They looked just like stars. I focused on the larger one because I was excited to witness this and did not want to miss any more of what ever was going on. I felt an exciting tingle all the way to my finger-tips. I was incredibly intrigued and hollered to my kids to look but they would not stir from their sleep. Which was odd, I also oddly gave up quickly trying to wake them. I began to video tape the objects. I video taped the larger object mostly and I think I saw it absorb another smaller one that seemed to come from the ground behind the tree-line. They object was to my left eventually almost below the trees, where I think it landed, and I could not track it and drive at the same time anymore. I have a couple grainy videos that I took with my crappy phone that I would love to give copies of, If they provide any help whatsoever.
