{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-17 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493942","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65559","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2734,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/942/mufon-5493942.json","updb_database_id":5493942}
{cak} 2 at first looked like stars . 1'pulsated orange bright light . 2 more joined . then out of the southwest 2 more joined

It was nice outside so I went outside on my front porch , that faces due east , to smoke a cigarette . as I sat on a chair smoking I saw two objects in the southeast sky in the direction of serpent mound that looked like stars . I gave it not much thought except they were low on the horizon . I looked around in the same area of sky and didn't see any other stars. These objects state in the exact spot. One then pulsated bright orange red . I thought something blew up . just after that the two constant a still white lights started dancing in the sky , up , down , vertical and every direction you can state. Now pulsating white and moving at great speeds and slow speeds. They moved away from and to each other . this now going about ten minutes. I wanted to grab my phone to record this but I didn't want to miss whatever was going on . in just a blink of an eye there now were 4 white pulsating white objects . I yelled for my wife . she came out just in just time t see them as well. When out of the southwest horizon came 2 more moving faster than anything I had ever seen . we watched them doing the same as I described . now there in the same spot when I had first saw the original 2 . this now going on for about a half hour , starting abt. 10 pm est. It seemed like the 4 didn't like the last 2 as some sort of back and forth frenzy was going on in the sky. The first took off very quick to the northeast upward , and the last 2 moved quickly along the horizon to the southwest and disappeared just in time of the sound of fighter jets entered the area and they were moving quickly. I know this about the jets because the fighter jets often fly in this general area and at times can be seen . the jets this night was very unusual because first they were very loud , either being low to the ground or moving faster then normal , and I have never heard them at night . the jets were very loud and seemed to be many in the sky. The flew in the area for more than an hour and constant for the next couple of days .
