{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468942","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91606","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3841,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/942/mufon-5468942.json","updb_database_id":5468942}
{rjl} So a friend of mine i worked with knew I was big into ufo research and told me I had to meet hus elderly mother. They live in one of the oldest houses in Columbia Station. She told me she1s saw something the size of a foot ball field pass

[phone # removed/cms/rjl]
So I was introduced to my friends mother. She1s much older and has trouble walking and getting around and has very little access to the internet, or really any technology for that matter. Her mind is very intact so I have no doubts what she told me is true. She explained she1s has MANY ufos pass over her home. She told me about a fighter jet chasing after triangular lights, her son has had an actual encounter, as have I, and a lot of people in the area claim to have an experience. I took an interest in extraterrestrials/UFO1s/abduction a few years ago educating myself over time, so when my friend told me some of the stories I was immediately hooked and talked to them for hours on the subject. His brother claims to have had an experience with his sister when they were very young and he gets nervous even talking about it. All of there stories from what research I1ve done seem very accurate. We all live in Columbia Station Ohio. Columbia Station is very small, friendly, and farmy. We have corn fields EVERYWHERE. In fact I1m looking out of my bedroom window right now and I1m looking at a corn field. I haven1t heard of any crop circles in the area but I wouldnt doubt it if one was spotted. What I1m trying to say is we live in the middle of nowhere. A lot of people who live here claim to have been ubducted. My abduction was scary, I was napping on my couch and I woke up randomly. I got a really bad feeling like someone was in the room with me, and I got scared. I looked directly next to me at my dresser mirror and I could see a figure. It looked like the back of a head with a back and neck and I began to panic. I sat up, and half way lifting my body I couldn1t move. I tried to scream and yell out for my parents but I was unable to move or make noise. I don1t recall for what happened afterwards. When it happened I thought it was a ghost, (a man killed himself in our house so I1m always paranoid about it so that1s what I thought the being was when I saw it.) I was talking to my close friend halley days later and she was talking about her home being hunted (it wasn1t until she told me about her house that I remembered this happened to me) so I started to tell her about the 1ghost1 I saw. I was describing what happened, the not being able to move, yelling out, and not being able to recall for what happened after. That1s when I realized it wasn1t A ghost. Me being so interested on the subject I knew exactly what happened to me and I actually started to cry. Not in a bad way. My experience scared me but I wanted to be ubducted for a long time, because of my interest in them. I know this was supposed to be a detailed description of the UFO my friends mother saw, but I needed to tell my experience to someone because everyone thinks I1m crazy. I would be fine with taking a lie detector test, or any test for that matter. If someone could get back to me I1d really appreciate it. Columbia Station is a place you guys should really check out.
