{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1985-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463942","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96972","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2562,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/942/mufon-5463942.json","updb_database_id":5463942}
{cak} I found several hundred dead sheep all in one spot.

Hello, at the time of this event in the mid 19801s , it Scared me, but I did not know what to do. I had forgotten about it all these years until I just saw a TV show talking about the the Dugway sheep killings tonight, then I put two and two together! It all started when deer hunting in the mountains in California in the Pickel Meadow area, about 8,000 foot elevation. I started hiking before daylight to some high rock points to get a better view to hunt. After a few hours, I decided to walk back to camp about 10AM. I decided to take a short cut down through a deep valley, I saw an Aspen tree grove and thought maybe there could be some deer in there to hunt on my way to camp. So I walked slowly down the ridge into the valley. As I approached the Aspen tree grove, I could smell what I knew was something dead from my years of hunting experience. I approached more cautiously since there are bear and mountain lion in the area, I may come upon a kill and feeding spot. As I walked deeper into the grove of trees, I came upon a strange horrible seen, there were several hundred dead sheep all on the ground as if they all died in their sleep side by side. I did not touch them, but did look a bit closer I did not see any wounds. They had not been there more than a few days. Even the wild animals, bears, mountain lions coyotes had not touched them or chewed on them. Very strange to say the least. It was cold but had not snowed yet, they had full fur coats on them so they did not freeze to death. For fear of some virus, I left that area quickly after that, arrived back to camp, told my Dad and others, no one had heard or seen of this type of thing before. So why I say now after these years I have put 2 & 2 together, this area of California is also home to the USMC Cold Weather Mountain Training Camp! I wonder if they tested some chemical weapon on them as is suspected in Utah Dugway event?
