{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-10-22 10:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547942","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"13414","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2418,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/942/mufon-5547942.json","updb_database_id":5547942}
Daytime sighting - star moving wavelike very high in the sky - consecutive days

I was on a break from work and went for a short bike ride on a common path. I sat on a bench for a few minutes and looked up towards the moon which was just SW of dead center overhead. To the south of the moon I noticed what appeared to be a star. This star was very high which is a main reason that it appeared to me to be a star. This light began moving slowly towards the south where eventually I lost it as it got closer to the sun. I chaled it up to being something pretty cool to see but probably just a mylar balloon or something of the sort. I was unsure of how high they could get prior to bursting. There were other planes w/contrails in the sky and they seemed unaffected by whatever was up there. I phoned my parents who live in Michigan and told my mother what I saw only to be told by my father (USAF ret.) that he had seen something strikingly similar back in Michigan only a week prior.

The next day I took my break around 40 minutes later. I sat in the same place and looked up. At first there was nothing, then I saw it again. This told me for sure that this was not some random balloon and this time it moved to the east, and I followed it for 15 minutes. Since I was only three miles from my house I tried to ride the rest of the wy home to break out my telescop and attempt to make out possible detail. I stopped every few hundred yards to ensure that I did not lose sight of it in the high sky. By the time I got home it was gone. 

Sadly, I cannot put any great detail into this as it simply appeared as any star you would see at nighttime. I know it was not a plane and was not a helicopter. I spend a lot of time simply looking up, and have done so since I was a child. This was simply somehting I had no explanation for.
