{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-04-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507942","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50731","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7454,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/942/mufon-5507942.json","updb_database_id":5507942}
{rjl} an intense close up sighting of a Diamond Shaped craft slowly Hovering above the Tree line, Silent with many Blinking Colors.

before i begin to explain my very 1st Sighting i want to let you know that i once tried to report this sighting to MUFON but i was still 17 at the time & needed consent from my parents, now Im 20. so now i can explain my report without any Age problems.

also the photos i provided are of the exact location. i found the closest example of how the Diamond Craft i saw looked like & putting it in some of the Positions if Hovered pass, also the Craft i saw is about double the size of what ive shown in the video, This craft was so Massive that as it hovered Above me it took up the Entire Night Sky, i could not see any light coming from the moon, only light i saw was coming from the bottom of the Craft. with that being said i can begin my very 1st Sighting.

April 19th, 2010. I Sneaked out of the house on this night & walked a few miles to my friends house. around 11 at night i began to walk back home.
Im on Dean road surrounded by dense Florida forest on both sides.
Im walking on the side of a dangerous road with many fast moving cars driving. Im on the right side of the road as i begin to walk the Bridge location shown in pictures. 

First thing i noticed before i even saw the craft a faint sound from the North East coming closer & closer. This sound sounded like some strange type of Radar or Tracking Device it had a Rhythm to it which very much got my attention, so while walking i keep on looking above the tree line when i finally see something Large slowly Hovering above the Tree line you see in the photo which my guess would be 20 Feet or less from the Bridge in which i was walking on so this became such a very Close Distance UFO sighting that very quickly i knew exactly what this was cause i could see everything in such Factual Detail.

so now the Object is still slowly hovering, still making that faint Radar sound yet i could not hear any type of Engine, what i heard was a very faint sound that i could also feel. My Theory is what i felt was Gravity/Air being pushed down against me, remember how close this sighting is, hence why i could feel the Hover Craft at work. it took a good 15-20 seconds for the craft to fully Reveal its full Size which i have Stated before it was Massive. This very much felt like what could be a Mothership.

at this time cars driving by were honking at me cause all they saw me doing was looking straight up in the Sky without looking at the road cause this too precious to not keep my eyes on it. also i feel that most cars driving may not have seen this craft. Not sure on that part.

so now we are at the next 45 seconds where the craft is in full view still slowly hovering above me taking up the entire night sky, like i said before i could not see the moonlight what so ever, so use the picture of the location as a reference to the size, imagine the entire sky being taken up, truly massive & mesmerizing.

the all Black Massive Diamond Shaped Craft had many random blinking lights in random locations & random colors ranging from the ones i checked out before. still the craft Hovering slowly above me & the bridge, still hearing the Radar sounds & hearing & feeling the Air being Pushed down by the Hovering Device. I begin to run a bit to stay in sight as the Craft begins to Hover away to the Treeline on the Left of the Location i showed. 

now is when im off the bridge & on grass as the Craft is now over the treeline to my left getting further & further away while i hear the Radar sound & very faint hovering getting further away. I am beyond Jaw Dropped yet totally Understand what just happened, Me coming from Puerto Rico a Huge hot spot for UFO activity, My dad has seen many in PR & my older brother was Abducted by Greys in PR too, i know this is Off topic but i have to say this, about my brother, after his abduction he noticed a small metal object in his skin, he showed me as a kid & till this day still has it on his Arm... ok now back to my 1st sighting.

by this point i can not see the craft anymore but still can hear the Radar until it all is out of Sight. by this point my entire life had changed right in front of me, it was like experiencing a Science Fiction movie & Im a Science Fiction writer so this Experience plus the ones that followed with the next 2 years after this give me... Lots of Experience on the Subject. 

Now something very strange that relates to this sighting & my next sighting which Strangely enough happened Exactly 1 year after the Event i just explained, i will explain my 2nd sighting since it was very brief.

April 19th, 2011
at a friends house in their backyard. all my friends were drinking & doing keg stands, i do not drink at all, so Im Entirely sober while everyone is entirely drunk, loud & not aware at all of the night sky. Me on the other hand is just looking up in the sky cause by this point in my life this something i would do regularly, always keeping an eye on the sky.

so during the time it takes for a Keg Stand is how fast this far away Star/Orb like all blue in color Craft quickly Hovers into my view of the night sky making such impossible sharp turns, in comparison to a Bee or Dragonfly flying how they just fly here, there or anywhere. so this is exactly what this Craft did within the 10-15 second keg stand. The craft came in & out of view within this short time Hovering in such a fast manor.

then they finished doing the Keg Stand for the host of the Party while everyone cheering & very drunk Im there still looking at the sky just in case it comes back into view... i told my friends later that night & they thought i was crazy, they all know about my 1st sighting, this is when i noticed that days date, April 19th, 2011. this is when i noticed the 1 Year Difference between both sightings. Im not Suggesting that these two Crafts are the same one cause they are not. Both craft varied in its Qualities. Its Very Strange how my first 2 Sightings occurred 1 Year Apart, for the Sightings that followed those were 6 months to a year after this event. 

so now i leave off on this Sighting Report, i know it is very late, i tried reporting sometime after the 1st sighting happened & had complications cause of my age at the time that i didn't want to deal with.

I will try & post my other sightings very soon. these others sightings are just as strange.
