Date                         Date
  Case No.:             2170                        10/30/2025                         11/20/2025
                                      Report:                     Resolution:

   Location:            Copiapó         Region:       Atacama       Classification:        Resolved


                 Reported what was described as more than three spheres, approximately the size of
                 two vehicles, seen in direct view by two people, for two to three minutes.
Summary: It was added that its appearance was bright, resembling the light of a star, and that it
                 moved slowly from South to North. All this was witnessed from Cerro Palomar,
                 Copiapó commune, Atacama Region.

The user testified that (sic): “Ascending Cerro Palomar in the city of Copiapó around 20:40 hours with
                 a clear sky and a little wind, while climbing with another companion, we stopped to
                 observe the sky and
We observed several objects that presented a satellite-like appearance far away, without
however, during the observation, we managed to appreciate that from the crest of the hill
(South) from our perspective at that time, an object appeared over the hill
Description of a very bright object with constant intensity at an approximate height of around 1,300 meters.
User: A M.S.N.M. with a south to north direction, it was like a ball of light that shimmered light.
In many directions (like an asterisk constantly varying), this one at a constant speed perhaps of about 80 Kms/H. By following its track with the eye, the object subsequently dimmed until it completely faded out, not being able to observe its direction and final destination before it left our visual field. There was a little wind at the foot of the Palomar hill, but due to the distance...
From the object, I do not believe that this factor influenced our perception.

The case was reported with the video "UFO mp4" and subsequently the original file "IMG_4257 MOV" was provided, used as study material.

Investigation:

The user's location was georeferenced (Figure 1).

Figure 1

The video's metadata indicates that the capture was made on October 29, 2025.
At 20:56:31 local time, its frame size was 1920 x 1080 pixels.
It originated from the rear camera of an Apple smartphone, model iPhone 15
that was configured with an f/1.6 aperture. Duration is 0:01:19, captured at
24 frames per second, with a resolution of 72 dpi.

Figure 2 shows what was reported within the circle. Frame IMG_42570000

                                     Figure 2

The following image was received as the observation point, "Observation point
"Cerro Palomar", by which the approximate direction of what was observed could be established (277° W) with respect to the camera (Figure 3).

Figure 3
In the study of the 1,891 frames, different scenes are observed that present colored lights consistent with air navigation lights. The one that repeats most frequently is the green light, which coincides with the
light at the tip of the right wing of an aircraft (Figure 4).

                                     Figure 4
In the time range and report zone, the operation from south to north of an ambulance plane, with destination the Chamonate aerodrome of Copiapó, was observed. It was flying at 3,250 ft (990 meters) with a speed of 139 knots (257 km/h) and with a course of 17°, consistent with the report (Figure 5).

Figure 5

According to what was expressed by telephone by its copilot, the same aircraft took off from the Chamonate aerodrome with destination the Santiago airport.
Approximately at 22:20 local time.

The co-pilot of the aircraft is interviewed by telephone in order to confirm his presence at the reported location.

According to the analysis of the testimony and the results of the geographical, forensic, photographic, and air traffic studies, it was concluded that the reported light would correspond to the observation of the passage of an air ambulance, therefore it did not represent an aeronautical risk.
