Case No. 1263 30082020

Date: June 2009.

Approximate Time: 3:30 a.m., local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Winter.

Witnesses: E. B., 53 years old.

Description: The informant reported that at 03:30 (HL) on an unspecified date in June 2009, for 20 minutes, he witnessed an anomalous aerial phenomenon near Lake Rupanco, Osorno Province, Los Lagos Region.

He described it as "like a boomerang" with a bluish-violet exterior and a yellow center, approximately 400 meters in size. He stated that it appeared from 15 degrees elevation.
Miles of kilometers west of the lake, it remained stable at 500 meters altitude, disappearing while flying "west, east".

He noted that, from within the boomerang, "spheres emerged that flew off in all directions".
They directed to the east and west. In quantity of 6 maybe ten for each
tip”.

He completed his account as follows (sic): “And that thing was in the sky
illuminating all the area. Like two hectares”.
It was all so clear that the lights in the night illuminated no more than that Ship. Because it was a ship, for its shape was a boomerang.
"We calculate that it was about 400 Mt high and emitted spheres that we thought were 4 to 5 meters in diameter for the sea and the mountain range seemed almost transparent because you could see that there was more inside. When it unloaded all these things, it rose again and disappeared into the sky."

To conclude, he affirmed, "I also tell you that I have had fourth-type encounters."

In response to three requests for audiovisual background to study his case, on September 11, 2020, the user provided... (the text does not specify what was provided)
He sent two photographs of projected images on a screen with the following indication: "The photos may not be very clear, I have kept them for 9 years. And they are not fake. I hope you analyze them. And tell me later. I have had many experiences with encounters. And messages that have been delivered to me."

According to this, the sighting would have occurred in 2011, which contradicts the reported date.

By studying the information contained in the metadata of their files, it was determined that they are stored on the platform of
Google. This explained why they were altered, so they do not have any records that allow their origin, digital integrity, or age to be confirmed.

According to their names, they were created in August 2019, information that is editable.

In an email on September 21, 2020, the original images were again requested to study the reported sighting. The next day, the user indicated that he only had the sent images.

Images: In accordance with the user's account, in emails
Electronic reports were received at the end of August and beginning of September 2020,
and the original audiovisual files were requested. The CEFAA received two screenshots from a computer.

Conclusion: Due to the lack of resources to study the reported evidence, the investigation file was closed according to numeral 2e (Investigation of cases over one year old that report images, audio, or video) of Chapter 2 of the Technical Instruction Procedure, Investigation Times.
Reception of Backgrounds, Preparation of Executive Report and
CEFAA Report Archive.
The case was classified as “Report”.
