{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-04 20:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285644","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117758","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3088,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/644/mufon-5285644.json","updb_database_id":5285644}
Bright Sphere that went from NW to SW, then SW to NW, then just shot up into the sky

Last night me and my son were outside in the front yard looking up at the stars. He wanted to see Jupiter and Saturn. They are easy to see. Almost immediately though we started seeing Satellites which are fun to track on the Night Sky app. on my phone. The app. doesn't show every satellite up there obviously but it gets many. So in quick succession we found 2 or 3 of them maybe and they are always pretty much the same, looks like a star but is moving across the sky. We've seen dozens of them. But then Caleb spots one looking west in the northern part of the sky heading south. It was brighter than what we are use to seeing. Maybe bright like how the ISS is in the sky when you see that, and going just as fast or faster than it does. Well, that's kind of unusual I thought. First I check the FlightRadar app. thinking it must be a plane. Again, the app. doesn't show every plane up there but it gets most and it wasn't on there. And in hindsight, it clearly wasn't a plane cause there was no blinking lights red or otherwise. There was no sound and it seemed to be really high up. Not in our atmosphere height. Anyways, this thing books it across the western sky heading southwest and then it was gone, took maybe 5-10 seconds. Pretty neat right but then shortly after that maybe seconds, a similar looking object comes from where the last one went back across the sky the opposite way, SW to NW. Same thing, brighter faster sphere up in the sky, no sound just hauling. So at this point I'm looking and I'm thinking what the heck is happening tonight. Very active sky. The object, as its going across the sky, goes behind a tree. It has my curiosity so I'm waiting for it to come out from behind the tree so I can see it before it gets too far away again. But it doesn't. At least not at first, not that I saw. I thought that's weird, how come it didn't come out from behind the tree?  So I start walking towards the end of my lawn towards the road to get a better view behind the tree. As I do that, from behind the tree, something just shoots out from behind the tree from an angle like this: /   and its gone. My first thought was whoa, a meteor too!?!  but then I started thinking about it It seemed to shoot upwards, not downwards. And where did that light thing go?  Maybe THAT was the light thing?  Maybe the first object, the second object and the "meteor" I saw were all the same object...
