{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-30 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520644","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35892","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2331,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/644/mufon-5520644.json","updb_database_id":5520644}
Looked out back at, work saw three lights in cloud cover.

Went to look out the back door at work around 7pm. towards Mount Ascutney in VT. It was three white lights in a triangle pattern, with a center green blue light with a milde glow in the middle, in a mild cloud cover. Thought it might be stars through the clouds, or a house across the valley. But the angle was to great to be a house on the mountain on the other side of the river. I went out at 7:15 and the clouds had moved, the lights were gone, there were no stars in that pattern, and the angle was to high to be something on the mountain. 
  When I was looking at it, it was like they were trying to send images telepathically, mentally like trying to communicate. I felt a bit warm, and there was a feeling of electro-magneteic, or dry static elcectricity feeling, with a metalic taste in my mouth. I do work in a mahcine shop metal working, but this was like the tast of maybe blood taste. If you cut your finger and try to stop the bleeding. That taste. It was like a residue for over two hours after they left. 
  The images were of like star patterns, or star charts, like a flight path map you would see of the us and all the flights, connected from air port to airport. Also there were symbals, and geometric shapes that I did not understand, or could reporduce, they were very detailed. It was to intense and fast, like downloading of the inernet very fast. 
I feel that I had had a close encounter. 
The vessel was about a mile away approx. 45 deg angle from where I was, so I would put it at about 3000 ft agl. But I will always remeber the feeling I got, like a hotflash during what I feel was some kind of communication. I will never forget this experience.
