{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-09-16 18:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473644","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86733","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2506,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/644/mufon-5473644.json","updb_database_id":5473644}
Transparent disc

After having dinner with my family I went to throw out some garbage and went for a walk. I went towards an empty camp that is near our property and proceeded to turn around. When I got to the end of the lane, I looked up and saw what appeared to be a star. But it was much too early and there were no other stars out and it was still quite bright. I walked back to my cottage while keeping and eye on it and made sure not to lose it in the trees.

When I got back to the cottage I grabbed my telescope and told my dad to bring out his phone with a GPS skymap on his phone to see if we could identify it. When I looked through the lense, I saw a perfectly round disc object which was translucent. On the upper side it looked like it had ridged and seemed to be eminating light, which I thought to be reflected sunlight, but the lights were of purplish colour. As I watched it through the telescope it moved somewhat slowly, while to the naked eye it looked like it wasn't moving at all, but I would have to constantly adjust my telescope to follow it. In the middle there looked to be three lines like a peace symbol in the middle. While it was moving and looking like it was rotating the symbol and lights did not move from their place. My dad, my sister and I all looked through the telescope and tried to figure out what it was.

I proposed it was a weather balloon, my dad thought a satelitte and my sister thought it was the International Space Station, and we could not come to a consensus. We continued to follow it and try to figure out what it was, when our neighbours came by to talk, I asked them to look at it and they saw the same thing both with their eyes and through the telescope.

For about 45 minutes it began to drift behind the treetop and away from our sightline. The last I saw of it was heading behind the nearest mountain and eminating a darker and more yellowish colour.
