{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-09 22:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455644","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105965","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3737,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/644/mufon-5455644.json","updb_database_id":5455644}
I saw a black triangle object flew above me from a close distance

It happened in Slovakia (I have relatives there), but I am from the Czech Republic. I was outside the house alone at that time although we had had a family gathering that day, but those who hadn‘t driven away already had gone to a village pub. There were no clouds on the sky that night and I saw the moon. It was a cold night. The garden of that house is the size of a small field. 

I was standing at the corner of the garden near the road enjoying the fresh night air and had a good view on the sky behind the house. Suddenly I noticed small red and white regularly flashing lights coming from that direction (north). First I thought it was some kind of airplane, but those lights were very low. As the lights were getting closer quite slowly I realized I could see a shape of that object. It was a triangle.

When the triangle got even closer I saw there were another lights on the bottom side and I also noticed that it was flying very low not too high above the rooftops and it was quite large: I estimate the triangle height to be 35 – 37 meters and the base to be 24 meters, so the triangle area is estimated from 66 to 68 feet. I heard silence. The movement of the object was still very slow. 

I was curious and waited until the triangle reached the sky above the house and garden, it was so large it hid the sky view for me. I had a perfect view on the bottom side. There were three big blue round lights at the angles of the triangle. The blue color was lighter than for example a police beacon blue, but not as bright as ice blue. Each blue light was surrounded by a circle of small round white lights which were very bright, I don’t know how many of them surrounded the blue ones. 

The blue lights were also connected by three lines of medium size elliptical lights (smaller than blue, but bigger than white) which were changing color gradually from white to red and back. The lights illuminated the triangle good enough for me to notice it was from black metallic-like material with blue-green reflections (it reminded me reflections on insect wings or metal).

My curiosity turned to fear when the triangle stopped flying further and remained hovering above the garden, but even lower than before. I rather went closer to the house to hide under the roof, because I thought it maybe wanted to land on the garden. It went down again that time more than during the stopping and at that moment I knew the triangle was too big to land on the garden. I was relieved a little.

The triangle stayed hovering above about 10 minutes. I also had a weird feeling like if something was telling me to go right under the triangle, but I didn’t do it (but it could be just a feeling). Then the triangle started moving again and I lost it from the sight when it flew over the next house. It directed to the south to The Low Tatras.

Immediately after the sighting I went inside quickly going to my room to make a sketch and write a description of the sighting.
