{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-02 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491644","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67918","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2834,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/644/mufon-5491644.json","updb_database_id":5491644}
{dr}Two craft heading north, no sound, moving very slowly.

I was seeing a friend to his car and we were both standing in the street talking before he left. The sky was very bright due to low hanging cloud cover reflecting ambient light from the city/neighborhoods. As we were talking, I looked west toward my house and notice above, in the sky, a light moving northward. It was not blinking in a regular manor, rather it was solid for several seconds then it would go off...then blink then go solid. No apparent pattern. At this point it sunk in that the light was coming from an object and the object was moving very slowly and not making any noise at all. I asked my friend to take a look at the light, which he did. We noticed at that point a second object following behind it. Both objects looked, moved and behaved in the same way. The second object appeared to be about 5 seconds behind the other. At first I thought maybe it was a drone as did my friend. However it seemed very large in comparison to the drones I have seen people use at parks or the beach. Also, the overall shape of the object was more dense and did not appear to to have any room on its body to accommodate propellers. My friend joked that we were being spied on and to make sure I keep an eye out for people showing up to ask questions. We both laughed and continued to watch the objects. At this point we had been watching the objects for about 10 seconds. Suddenly I noticed the second one was no longer there and the the first one was becoming obscured by a cloud. The clouds seemed to be low hanging. The first object passed into the cloud and out during a time that its light was on. It was then that I started questioning the size of the object. I would say it was at least a large as a large round dinner table, if not larger. We both looked at each other and kind of laughed it off. It came out of the cloud again and continued heading north/north-east. The total observation time was about 30 seconds or more. It was still heading on its course when my friend and I starting talking about other things. I would mention that I live less than 5 miles from a major international airport and it is my understanding that drones are not permitted to operate in the area.
