{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-06-05 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502644","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56354","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2531,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/644/mufon-5502644.json","updb_database_id":5502644}
{cak} Evening sighting in Ohio.

When I was about televe years old I saw a UFO down the street I was living
on. One summer evening back in 1980 I had this strange feeling to go to the
front living room window and look to the west. I saw a very bright light in
the sky and it looked like something was burning white hot. My older brother
was in the bathroom and I went over to knock on the door to get him out of the bathroom so I could show him the strange light in the sky. He didn't come out
, so I went to the garage and hopped onto one of my bikes and road down the 
street towards the bright light. As I road down the street I notice that the light was starting to descend downwards. When I got to the end of the street
I stopped and looked up. There was a round shaped object about hundred feet above my head. There was no sound which was very odd. There was a string of rectangular shaped lights of different colors. The lights were arranged in a circular pattern. The colors were green, yellow and red. The colors seem to rotate around the circle. The object hovered above me for about a minute.
The lights turned off and it seemed that the object acended rapidly.
A few seconds later the lights turned on again but the object was high up in the sky. The object then rapidly flew off to the south and I lost sight of
it. I road my bike back home and told my brother about what I saw.
He was skeptical. Years later when I was visiting one of my brothers' friends we happened to get on the topic of UFOs. His friend told me about 
a UFO he had seen a few years ago. I was supprised that the description of what he saw was the same as what I saw. The same color lights and shape.
At the time of my sighting he lived about five miles south of my home.
he couldn't remember the exact date and time of his sighting.
This was about 34 years ago and I still remember it. I have no idea why
the object was in a suburban neighborhood.
