{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-09-17 02:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453644","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107979","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5371,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/644/mufon-5453644.json","updb_database_id":5453644}
{rjl} Oval object bluish green haze along outline but center cloaked silent until 10 o’clock to 2 o’clock distorted sound whoop

I was on Redwood Road around 2:15am on Tuesday morning Sept 17th. I was facing North outside my vehicle it was a bright moon that night and visibility was really good. I was looking north towards the southern part of the Lake Mountains. Lake Mountains are on the west side of Utah lake and are about 10-15 miles long and are about 7500 feet at the highest point. I had been noticing lights on top that were “glowing” off the clouds as low clouds would go over at night and had been seeing silent lights that didn’t show up on FlightRadar24 look as if they flew off the mountain or behind the mountain late at night. There was a pattern to this and I was trying to see what was flying from the mountains. So I was sitting on the side of the road outside my SUV with my 10x50 Bino’s looking towards the top of the mountains when an Oval Object flew over the lower hills that butted up to the mountains. The Oval Object came from the west and I could see it first but couldn’t hear it til it got to my 10 O’clock and I could hear it til my 2 O’clock and then I could t hear it anymore but could still see it. What I saw was an Oval Object that was the size of jet aircraft/military or a large transport copter size. But it wasn’t a jet or chopper. It was Oval in shape and had a bluish greenish outline that was almost hazy but you could see the outline and it was an outline that pulsated almost. The interior of the oval was almost cloaked looking or mirrored looking? I can only describe it as something was there but it was reflecting light? Dark? It was cloaked? It was silent til it hit my 10 O’clock point in my vision because it was about 500 yards out in front of me and maybe 500-700 feet at its highest but it was NAP of the earth flying or hugging the earth and was low and I could see it sooo well. When it hit my 10 O’clock I heard a distorted almost whoop whoop sound that went high and then low in range but it sounded like I was hearing it but had water in my ears - sorry that the best way I can describe it. When it hit the 2 O’clock point in my vision it was silent again. But I could see the greenish bluish haze as it flew west to east over Utah lake then banked north and headed off to where I lost sight of it. I got a good look at it for the time it in front of me due to the sky at 2:15am being so bright! It was unlike anything I have seen or heard. I got into my SUV and drove about 2 miles up the road when I saw lights or seemed to see lights on the top of the mountains still. I pulled off To the side of the road and rolled down my window and stuck my head out with my binos to get a better look and when I did about 30 seconds later a twin rotor Chinook type helicopter took off or at least came over the mountains about 5000 feet up and flew directly over me and also banked north following the same path but it was much higher. I saw the tips of the rotors and heard it clearly and it was a chopper. I wasn’t sure if they were up there or were tracking the object? As I pulled out again to head home I drove another 20-50 feet and pulled off again cuz I still saw lights or seemed to see light. I did the same as before and rolled down the window and stuck my head out with my binos and at this point about half a mile north of where the lights seemed to be a single light came over the mountain flying directly at me and as I looked at the light I could see it was a plane or something like that. It was coming lower and slowing down and I was getting a GREAT look at it and could now hear it. It stopped. Yes stopped 1000 feet up from me at about my 11 O’clock and I could hear a shhhhhhhh type sound and I could see that this wasn’t a plane. It was a drone! A military looking drone that was dark in color. Maybe a dark gray or even black. But I could hear the shshshshshshsh sound as it hovered there looking at me. I say looking at me cuz I was all that was on the road. This was about 2:30-2:45pm. I started to get nervous - not thinking they would blow me up lol. But definitely got more nervous when it floated over my 12 O’clock and was now almost directly over my vehicle. I could see it if I looked through the windshield. At that point I said the fun was over and I needed to go home. As I started the SUV the drone seemed to rise in the air and I lost it and at that point I drove home and told my wife what had happened. I will swear to all of this on my honor and on my family and swear to God this happened. It was 1 of the couple interesting things I have had happen since I started looking into the lights flying from the desert SW of Salt Lake City in Utah County.
