{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-24 11:51:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493644","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65867","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2621,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/644/mufon-5493644.json","updb_database_id":5493644}
{dr}White object, hovering. Initially thought it was a group of ballons until 2 more joined the 1st in formation and departed together..

I was with a friend walking from the car to a restaurant when I looked up at a Southwest jetliner flying overhead. Directly in front of it (between the jet and myself) was a solid white object, hovering stationary in the east, which appeared to be changing shape slightly. It looked like it was maybe rectangular or angular and then spherical or egg shaped. Initially, I thought it was a huge cluster of all-white balloons. I scanned the sky to see if perhaps there were any other stray balloons. I then saw 2 more objects of identical size and shape to the north east (left) at nearly the same altitude, perhaps about 300 - 400 feet apart from each other but about 1200-1500 feet from the first object, also hovering but moving around laterally and close together. My friend and I were fixated on them asking each other what we thought they were. After about 15 minutes of watching them, based on their coordinated movements and lack of gaining altitude, we concluded they were not balloons and clearly not helicopters, planes or drones as they produced no sound and did not exhibit the typical movements associated with those craft. The pair to the north east (left) began a synchronized, straight path movement toward the first object in the east (on right), joined the 1st object in relative distance to each other and ascended in formation together at a moderate speed.

I was able to snap a few photos with my iPhone 5S but the objects are very small in the frame. It was much clearer to the eye to see their shape and gauge their size. Video was useless as the phone couldn't focus on them. I'd estimate the size of each of the 3 objects to be 15 - 30 feet. All were of identical size and shape, color, manner and movement. There were no appendages such as tail, wings, rotors, etc.
