{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-06 20:52:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483644","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76225","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4570,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/644/mufon-5483644.json","updb_database_id":5483644}
Light in the sky not visible to the naked eye was caught in a photograph

Friday 6th May 2016 was one of the hottest days of the year so far here on the south coast of England. So at 2052 local time (1952 GMT), my wife and I were standing in our back garden enjoying the cooler evening air. It was twilight; the sun had set but it was still 15 minutes or so until complete darkness.

We were looking at our cherry tree in our back garden, and my wife commented on how much it had blossomed in the previous few days. I remembered that my camera was sitting on the kitchen table nearby, so I decided to take a photograph of the tree.

The camera is a Kodak FZ151, 16 Megapixel. Although this is not a new model, it is new to me. I had bought it a couple of weeks previously at an electronics fair, and had not really had an opportunity to test it out. So my main reason for taking a photo was to see how well this camera would cope in low light conditions.

As soon as I took the photo of our blossoming cherry tree, I noticed on the camera's LCD screen that there was a very bright white dot to the left of the tree. Immediately I looked upwards to the corresponding position in the sky but there was nothing visible there... just as there had been nothing visible before I took the photo, either.

I took another photograph about 5 1 10 seconds later, and then more images during the time left before it got completely dark. I could not replicate this white light in any of them, so I assume that it could not been a reflection off something static. The automatic flash went off in all the pictures I took, including the very first one which shows the light in the sky.

There were no aircraft visible or audible before or afterwards, and there was a layer of thin high cloud so no stars were visible through it. There was no sign of any aeroplanes anywhere in the sky.

There was barely a breath of wind, so I would be amazed if a small reflective object had been blown in front of the camera then fallen straight to the ground. To the best of my knowledge there were no unusual weather conditions at the time. It was just a calm, warm, still evening.

I did wonder if it was a reflection from a Low Earth Orbiting satellite, or an Iridium flare. The spot of white light looked very small on the LCD screen of my camera. However I was very surprised when I looked at the photograph on my laptop's screen. The white dot was considerably bigger than I expected.

Upon zooming in, it appears that the light is shaped like a 1V1 on its side. I note that one 1leg1 of the 1V1 is not as bright as the other. I was holding the camera in my hand - it was not sitting on a tripod - so it's likely that I was not holding the camera perfectly still. So I am wondering if it is a 1flat1 light and the darker 1leg1 of the 1V1 was caused by me moving the camera slightly.

The position of the light in the image is virtually due south from my location, which would put it above the English channel. I cannot begin to estimate accurately the distance away or the elevation of the light (45 degrees or more probably), but clearly it was not hovering low over the neighbours' rooftops!

My wife and I did not see, hear, feel, smell, or perceive anything at all before, during, or after I took the photograph. The only reason at all that we know that something interesting might have happened at that moment is because I took this photograph.

I do believe that UFOs *could* exist, but that doesn't mean that I assume automatically that things like this light must definitely be a UFO. I genuinely have no idea what I am looking at, in this photo.

Any ideas?

[Name removed/cms/tg]
Report written Saturday 7th May 2016 (i.e. the day afterwards.)
