{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-09 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528644","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26921","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2980,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/644/mufon-5528644.json","updb_database_id":5528644}
Boomerang object - three pairs of lights - each pair blue and red - massive size - moving south to north

At approx 7:45 pm PDT I was driving southbound I-15 five miles south of Corona, CA. Just passed Temescal Canyon Rd exit, spotted what first appeared to be three lights in a delta formation heading directly towards me. Altitude estimated 3,000 above ground based on mountain range reference parallel to the interstate. I knew this was not a conventional configuration so I immediately pulled over onto the shoulder about 1/2 mile south of Temescal Canyon Rd. I exited my vehicle and observed three pairs of lights, each pair blue and red, in a delta configuration move relatively fast, not supersonic but amazingly smooth and fast, almost directly overhead in a northwest/north direction. As it flew overhead the sets of lights appeared to be embedded in a flat surface shaped in a "boomerang" shape body. Each light was ring shaped, not solid oval. There was a pair of lights on each "wing tip" as well as the leading tip. The lights were not blinking or strobing. There was no apparent navigation light system as expected in conventional aircraft. Lights remained solid.
It took about 20 seconds for the lights to reach overhead from the moment I sighted them, and i observed the object for an additional 3-4 minutes as it eventually faded out of site. What was impressive was that it banked slightly to the left at times as a single solid object and it appeared massive because even as its lights waned in the distance it did not "shrink" in size as it got farther away. 

A good way to describe how big it was when over my head is to raise your hands above your head and spread them apart about 3 feet. That was the span from wingtip to wing tip. 

I was alone, however there was another car who had pulled over about 200 meters ahead of me at the same time and it appeared they were observing it as well. The remained there as long as I did, and I attempted to approach them to ask them if they had observed the same object, but they left the scene as i approached them in my car.

At 7:55pm PDT I texted a friend with my cell phone about my sighting and then I continued on for home. I live approx 5 miles south of where my sighting was.

Although I had a video capable cell phone, I was not able to have enough time to get my composure and get a video of the object.
