{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-05-01 03:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486644","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73051","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4333,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/644/mufon-5486644.json","updb_database_id":5486644}
{nd} I'm just putting in any answers. I have tried to report these things and has not gone well. I've been physically,professionally and mentally affected.

I have been watching if I files. These incidents do not compare to what I've been thru. I've been affected since living on a farm in troutville PA. My grandpa had a working animal and many acres of gardens. My first recollection was a circle cut down in the corn field he blamed the Amish,they wanted his property,and hated them forever after. They now own the farm.
I've had 2 children removed from me, I've had jobs taken from me when trying to make reports,accused of taking drugs. Hospital records vanish. My right hand partially removed from damage from the lights. Something done to my youngest boy,that's now at 16 started having seizures. Been followed,been diagnosed with a rare blood disease that only my aunt has ever had. I've been given knowledge I don't want. I don't want contacted,bad things occur. I know why they are here,I know when they started coming,I know things I have no way of knowing that are so complex it's crazy. I've been subjected to this since I remember. The memories come and go,but never leave for good. My family,friends or priest don't even know. I've lived to doctors about injuries sustained. I have a piece of rock that was changed after an incident,when my hand was damaged. I had needles stuck in my wrist. My youngest child is being used for something I can't even explain to him. My husband,who was policeman of the year in 2012 his entire memory was erased and lost his job,the doctors could find nothing wrong and diagnosed him with PTSD,which is carp. We lost properties we owned and rented. When I watch that show and people talk about seeing lights,I'd trade places in a heartbeat. There are tunnels underground,under water and people know about them, people I think related to scientology and Mormons. Mercury is what they want,not gold,they can make gold. It is stored underground in Asia,China to be exact I think. The agenda is almost Hitler like,in the sense they are and have been for a long time preparing a most useful race. I was tested at an early age with an extremely high IQ. I don't know if that's why I'm targeted. But I will continue to be targeted,because of my son. When he's 21, I will be taken or disposed of. I tell my kids if anything happens to me,they will always be able to talk to me by looking at Orion and I will hear them. I know that,don't know why because I converted to catholic to try to end this. If this gets to you, I will be frightened by people who will stop me and make me nuts. To the point that if I don't stop something tragic will happen,like every other time. But they are preparing us and our planet and themselves,because our world is as close to theirs as there found. Their technology is advancing rapidly,faster even then ours. They have many vehicles with which they travel. The large ones carry many of them to show their people what their world will be. They first have to be adaptable to all portions of our planet,so they can utilize all of it. Our planet is smaller and our sun will last long. Theirs is dying.
You will not get to the truth because people willing to tell you will suffer,as will their families. They have 2 of my offspring and have done something to my child. He's different,I don't know why. We won't know. They will have all of our DNA and we will and are willingly giving it. They are evolving us much faster than regular evolution happens and have been for tens of thousands of years. They don't share our spirit,our personalities,our "souls". They want to have that and they want to feel things like us. They have brains like an octopus has but live ages longer.
