{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-09 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525644","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30085","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2712,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/644/mufon-5525644.json","updb_database_id":5525644}
Cluster of approx. 30 lights moving across sky of Southeastern Pennsylvania

My fiance and I were sitting outside stargazing/satellite hunting at my parent's house in Mont Clare, PA at approximately 10:30 pm on July 9, 2011. Current weather conditions for the area were clear skies with little to no wind. The moon was bright and nearly full. (According to moonphaseinfo.com, in the 'waxing gibbous' phase.)

My dad was looking northeast and first noticed the objects, shouting: "look at all these lights! Go get your binoculars!" (My fiance and I are avid birdwatchers.) All of us had sight of them near the constellation of the Big Dipper.

We have no idea what the objects were. Even when viewing through binoculars we could not make out any distinguishing shapes. Afterwards, I wondered if it was space debris from Shuttle Atlantis. 

First impression from all of us was that there were so many of these mysterious lights. The lights were as bright as a star or satellite and the same size. No one did an official count but - at best guess - there were approximately 30 lights traveling in a mostly southern direction in a cluster across the sky. The best way I can describe the objects is that they reminded me of a cluster of balloons. Interestingly, the lights traveled together in a northeast-southwest direction the entire time we had sight of them but the spacing between the indiviual lights changed constantly; some drifted apart from each other for several seconds before coming back together. When focusing on a few lights at a time with my binoculars, they appeared to flicker like a strobelight. None of the lights veered completely off course. There was no sound at all.

We hoped that others witnessed and reported this sighting and that there will be a reporting on the local news. We were amazed and a little freaked out, but mostly curious. Afterwards, we were frustrated that we didn't think to capture the event with a camera or video. More than anything, we just want to know what it was that we saw. 

We lost sight of the objects as they traveled toward the direction of the moon.
