{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-11-09 20:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479644","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80439","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2645,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/644/mufon-5479644.json","updb_database_id":5479644}
{cak} Three hovering lights initially assumed to be airplane heading towards me.

Three lights in a nearly flat triangular pattern observed while looking WSW from hotel window near NM-70 and I-25. The lights first made me think I was looking head-on at an airplane coming in for a landing in my general direction. I observed the lights for about two minutes before realizing they were not getting any closer to me. At that point I texted a friend also staying at the hotel to look. He did not. 

I began to wonder if the light source was something on top of the mountains that are west of the city, but the lights were far above the horizon (60 degrees or more), and when I looked at the mountain vista in the morning, the peaks were far too low, and no buildings or roads were visible on them. 

After observing the lights for another minute or so, I spotted a red strobe light closer to the horizon, traveling from north to southwest. This moved very fast, and I thought (and still think) that this might have been the navigation light of a helicopter or other aircraft, not associated with the object further out. The red strobe seemed much closer to me than the three lights. 

The lights were nondescript, yellow lights, not unlike the landing lights on a commercial aircraft. They were unwavering, and non-blinking. Some rays were visible, as if the lights were very bright - like helicopter searchlights - but smaller, higher, and further away. 

After approximately 5 minutes I figured it must be some kind of helicopter, possibly from nearby Holman AFB or the NASA facility at White Sands. I walked away from the window I was looking out of. When I checked back about 10-15 minutes later, the lights were gone. 

I find myself skeptical about most UFO sightings, and I still believe I saw an aircraft (built on earth), but if my account corroborates any other sightings from the same area and time, perhaps it can help your organization figure out the incident. If it was something out of this world, well - wouldn't that be something?
