{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-10-12 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512644","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45667","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4010,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/644/mufon-5512644.json","updb_database_id":5512644}
{dr}parked at airport on security patrol. hovering craft observed overhead. Dog alerted first.

I was working security for the airport on a midnight to 8 am shift on a Thursday in October, I believe the year was 1986. I was parked in the company jeep with an authorized dog with me, behind a chain link fence on plane parking/storage area just west of the flightline. My dog alerted to some incoming air traffic, by a low growl and his hackles went up BIG TIME. I heard what sounded like an aircraft of some sort but like nothing I have ever heard before, and realized a big black shadow whose silhouette looked exactly like a B2 Stealth from underneath approached at just above large treetop level, which I would estimate about 35-40 feet above my vehicle. This "craft" hovered over my vehicle for approximately 30 to 60 seconds (hard to remember exactly as I was shocked) and then continued to the west and if it continued in a straight path, would have been towards NY city. 

A word about night time aircraft traffic at Gabreski airport: There are two sides to this airport. To the south was the 106th NY Air Guard Base, where my then husband and several other military personnel worked. That side of the base was strictly Air Guard and there were C130 planes and other smaller planes on the tarmac and in hangars there. I know what a C130 sounds like and I have been inside one as well. I have watched them take off and run maneuvers and also land. This craft I saw was NOT a C130 or similar plane.

To the North was the public airport meaning privately owned non-military operated planes were kept, flown from and to, the public side of Gabreski airport. Part of my job was to take down the tail number of the plane when it lands and to observe the goings on of the occupants. This was done to deter drug activity/delivery/drops and if necessary the local law enforcement was summoned.

The air traffic control tower was closed after 10 pm. It was common policy for any planes landing at night to click their radio mike 10 times in succession to activate the blue landing lights for safety. This craft I observed did not activate any lights, nor did it attempt to land, 

Another thing of note is that Grumman was not far away, it was one town North located in Calverton, NY (Near Riverhead,NY). It would not have been unusual, I would think, for them to perform test runs on newly built craft, especially at night where it would not interfere with day air traffic or ops. 

It has been so long now that I don't recall directly notifying the on duty Security Police of the NY Air Guard, but I did tell my then-husband about it and he relayed the info to other Security Police. I had not heard any other sightings related to this incident via the news on tv or the newspapers, or word of mouth. I have been in law enforcement ever since then right up until my retirement from Law Enforcement last August and I have never seen anything like this. The only thing that makes any sense to me is it was a High Security secretive mission on a prototype craft because I never saw one again. I do not know if it was manned, or a drone, but I do know I did NOT see any lights from a cockpit. The only lights I saw were some very large dimmed red almost a soft lighting that was constant from the underside of each wing. This light seemed to just emit a soft glow and did not light up the ground in any way.
