{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-17 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287561","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115815","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2859,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/561/mufon-5287561.json","updb_database_id":5287561}
Large black solid object, no wings

We were on the Johansen Expressway in Fairbanks, AK. I looked SW approximately towards the airport and noticed a large black solid object in the sky miles and miles away appearing in a fixed position above the hills. I thought it was a plane at first, but it had no wings. It was so large and far away.

It wasn’t moving left or right. Just hanging there. Way past the airport.
If it was moving, it could have been straight towards us or away.
We weren’t on the highway for long, as we got on at Danby, and off on Peger Rd. There is a hill that we come up on, on the highway and that’s when I noticed it.

I thought, “what is that?!”
I looked really hard for wings, for several seconds, a couple of times, which should have been fairly large in order to be on that large of a object/fuselage. (I have 20/15 and 20/10 vision).
I could not see any wings or engines. Just a large black shape that was like a mix of a diamond shape and an egg shape. It had fuzzy edges and I could not make sense of the shape. I tried to get my husband to look but we were getting off onto the Peger Rd. exit right then. He didn’t look bc he was driving. The highway then impeded our view.

I tried to locate the object again when we got to the other highway on the other end of Peger Rd. where I should have been able to see it.  It was gone. 

It was larger than anything I’ve seen in the sky at that distance. 

I have held out a baby aspirin at arms length and it was about that size but a little bigger. Maybe between the 325mg aspirin and the baby aspirin at arms length. A penny is too big. I only have the baby size aspirin so I cannot say for sure. It was so large for being that far away.

I’ve wondered if it could be the An-225 landing at FAI again, like it did last May, but there is no online reports of it being here on May 17th, 2021. Again, I could not see any wings or engines. It was black, not shiny at all. It was either too far away for the wings to be visible, or it wasn’t a plane. It definitely wasn’t a helicopter bc it was too large and miles away. I’ve looked at airliners in the sky over the last week. A regular jet is too small at a closer distance. So it wasn’t a regular sized plane.
