{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-13 21:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486561","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73140","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2969,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/561/mufon-5486561.json","updb_database_id":5486561}
{cak} This was like a Mother Ship!! NO JOKE!!.

I walked out of door from house to my car to get something. I had been hurting badly that evening, so I was praying to God outside. Looked up, and there it was at 9:33 pm. Right over my house. sitting there. I have former Marine Background. I know what is and is not. The clouds were low and the wind blowing good here in the Smokey's. This Object was About 500 ft from ground. My house is 35ft tall. This thing was so big. It was below cloud line and in clouds. NO SOUND. I Yelled for my wife to get outside. She ran out and looked right at it. My 19yr old Son came outside as well. We have fighter Jets fly this low, which I always say that is against military law. And of course you can hear them. Even the ones passed 10,000ft. But this thing No Sound and hoovered. It had three (3) lights on one (1) side Red. They blinked in this pattern. from right to left 1 2 3, then stopped, then blinked left to right then stopped. then middle light left light then right light, then all stayed on. I saw a white square lite up next to left and right light. Like windows. then went out. this thing was massive. 3oo yards plus. Lights turned and pointed East and it slowly, I mean Slowly started moving East and the lights faded in the very low clouds we had in the Mountains that night. It got almost to the TN - NC Mountains and stopped again. we could see the lights, Giant lights, even with clouds and darkness. Then this thing shot straight up and gone.

It was Black, cloaked except for lights. lights I used to judge the size and movement. To slow for a jet to move. In this wind last night I would think a blimp would be toast. So low I could have shot it with a 9 mm, maybe. a 556 would have hit it easy. I showed no sign of aggression though. using this metaphor for range. As Military I told family to be on alert. Perfect night to drop down and move around on ground. That's all I better say. It was, I want to say. Circle yet lights were in a triangle on side or front. Heck I don't know which way it was pointed. Lights were farther apart that a galaxy cargo length. If it landed I could probably get in my car to get from one light to another quickly. I mean GIANT! I have seen other things but could not get a positive ID so I would not report it. But this is Positive.
Thank you and God Bless
[Name removed/cms/tg]
