{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-01-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478561","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81565","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2587,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/561/mufon-5478561.json","updb_database_id":5478561}
{rjl} Triangular shaped UFO with 3 bright white lights hovered over our car.

It was my birthday, and my mother was taking me out to eat. On our way to town, I happen to notice what I thought at first was maybe a helicopter or aircraft. But it had unusually bright white lights, with what appeared to be a red/green flashing lights, kinda like a normal aircraft might have. Didn't think to much of it at the time, but kept kinda looking towards it, as it moved slowly. It arrived at the edge of town, just about the time we did, and was hovering low, over trees and houses. About the time we turned to head towards town, it's flight path was heading right for us, so I was like ok, I'll see what it was for sure now, cause it's about to be right over our heads. So I look out the window as it slowly hovered overhead and was dumbfounded by what I saw. It was a triangular shaped craft, unlike anything I have ever seen before. 3 bright white lights at the corners of the craft. Red lights towards the center. And orange lighting in various places. It seemed to have orange lit engine like vents towards back end of the craft. It seemed to be dark grey in color, but the whole thing had this translucent blueish aura about it. The encounter was brief, but life changing. I've never seen anything with this level of tech. You could just feel how powerful this thing was. I'm a bit of sci fi fan, and have kinda somewhat believe the possibility of stuff like this existing. The crazy part is, the thing was still in the area on our way home, an hr or so later. Though it didn't come close to us again. But seriously, it just made everything I've ever seen, including fantasy, just pale in comparison. I've actually been kinda scared to drive or even go out at night since seeing it. It's really kinda shaken me up. My mother was driving, so she never got a close look at it like I did, unfortunately. And no pictures either. I honestly was so amazed and shocked, I didn't even think to try.
