{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-03-21 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455561","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106048","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2879,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/561/mufon-5455561.json","updb_database_id":5455561}
{tjd} Three encounters over a few months two walking home from work and one a crash landing

In 2003 I worked at a Linens N Things in Rochester Hills, MI and sometimes I walked to work and home. I really enjoyed looking at the stars, especially the constellation Orion as it was almost always due North, the direction I walked along Rochester Rd to my parents house. Orion was almost a walking companion for me guiding me home. On two separate clear nights only a few weeks apart as I was walking from Orion Rd towards my parents house by Whims Ln I observed a huge triangular shaped craft with no lights on the back section the other two sides had three evenly spaced lights with one light on the tip of the craft pointed due North. It overed there for some time, until just before I reached Coachlamp St, then it would instantly vanish. 

On another day that same year I was driving home one afternoon and saw what I thought was a comet or meteor crashing to earth. I was driving along Whims Ln when I saw the fireball probably just a few hundred yards away. I never felt the earth shake or saw any flames in the woods where it crashed. I watched the news that night looking for reports and never heard anything. I asked my siblings and parents if they had heard or seen anything that day and they all said no. I recently looked at a map to figure out where that ship or whatever it was may have crashed and I think it might have disappeared into Stoney Creek Lake as that is about where it went down. 
I never mentioned anything about this to anyone before for many reasons. One I didn't want people thinking I was crazy and two due to a lot of the work my dad has done, or does do on top secret military aircraft I always just suspected that it might have had something to do with our government meeting with my dad about something, especially given that the triangular shaped craft seemed to be hovering very close to almost over my parents house. Given the proximity to Sulfrige Air Force Base I can't help but wonder if there is a base under Paint Creek Lake. I have heard from some of my high school teachers that there are a bunch of caves near that part of town, there is also a golf course that was built there in the past 20 years in an odd middle of nowhere type location.
