{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-04 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517561","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40240","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3549,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/561/mufon-5517561.json","updb_database_id":5517561}
{flg} Orange flickering orb traveling slowly north to south over Seattle

Time: Roughly 11PM PST for the first sighting. 11:20PM PST for second sighting:

There were large crowds gathered in the area for the 4th of July fireworks show at Lake Union downtown Seattle. The first time we saw it was about 10 minutes after the fireworks display had ended. There were still people launching fireworks from houses nearby but this was not any kind of firework. We were outside on a friends deck when I noticed a glowing flickering orb parallel to our position at a 45 degree angle. The object appeared to be about a 1/2 mile away at the time moving maybe 5-10mph and appeared to hover at altitude twice as it moved south. I pointed it out to several friends and they all witnessed it too.

The object as best as I can describe was round, glowing and flickering almost fire like and as far as we could tell silent. At its closest point to us there was a second smaller object very dim following slightly behind it and off to one side. It was hard to judge the distance of the second object to the first although it did cross its path more than once.

This area of downtown Seattle is in the flight path for the airport so there are planes in the sky constantly. Along the flight path of the object a plane did cross a couple of miles behind and above it. My point is that were all familiar with the lights on the aircraft flying around the sky most evenings and this had a much warmer non blinking glow and was traveling much to slowly for a commercial airliner or private plane.

After about 5 minutes it had traveled pretty far south and we lost sight of it.

The second sighting was about 20 minutes later waiting in traffic on Dexter Ave. The object appeared east of the previous location on the other side of the lake. This time it shot up from behind a large hill at about a 45 degree angle then leveled off at what appeared to be the same altitude as before and headed slowly north until it was out of our sight. This sighting lasted about 2 minutes no second object was seen.

Somebody asked me if I thought it was a lantern. I don't think so, as it appeared to be under powered flight and moving in a controlled manner. It also appeared far too large for a lantern. There was no significant breeze at the time and without power not sure how it would have later showed up moving in the opposite direction. 

There is a video posted on Youtube this morning along with comments from other witnesses in the area. The video is NOT mine an is not very well shot, it also does not get across the warmth and orange hue of the object as we saw it

(url moved to FI box) cms 07/05/12 16:35 cdst flg

The comments by "Scarlethouse" are mine. 
Im not suggesting this was E.T. :) but it was most certainly an unidentified flying object.

(name moved to fi box) cms 07/05/12 16:35 cdst flg

*This is the first time Ive posted anything UFO realated.
