{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-03 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490561","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69022","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2445,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/561/mufon-5490561.json","updb_database_id":5490561}
First set indiviuals set far apart, second set was pattern (video of those) Third set were spaced colser one after another

We were in our backyard. I saw orange lights floating in sky from left to right in 3 distinct sets.The first set were individuals. After the path of sky was cleared another would follow in the exact path until out of sight due to tree. It was cloudy and my boyfriend said he thought they were planes landing at the local airport and had their landing lights on. They did not blink and were the same color as the first ones we saw in 2013. The difference was that it was very cloudy so they were not brilliant or the shape obvious except for one which was clearly an orb and so bright it actually made me squint before it too appeared to go behind the cloud. After that group, a pattern of four floated across the same path slowly and I ran to get the camera and I got video of those. About as soon as I shut the camera off more came. These were closer together and there were several. They followed the same path from left to right as the others. I highly regret not turning the camera back on. My bf was insisting they were planes regardless of the obvious which might have been the reason why.lol The next day he agreed they were the orbs. You can even see the fiery color in the video somewhat. We saw some on August 22, 2013 in the same part of sky. He saw them maneuvering in a play-like way and moving at extremely high rates of speed, disappearing and reappearing..etc. By the time he called me out (so I didn't think he was nuts..lol) there was just one hovering in the same spot for about 5 minutes. I could see pulses of light emitting it's right side. It got lighter color and elongated until it eventually just disappeared.
