{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501829","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57199","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2980,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/829/mufon-5501829.json","updb_database_id":5501829}
{dr}I initiated contact via telepathy. Hundreds of photos including video of my abduction (Multiple devices)

I will not disclose my interactions and communication with these beings on the internet. I was followed before, during, and after the vent. Audio of my pwrsuers witnessing and realizing my abduction is very persuasive. I have been investigated by a faceless organization seeking to recover all of my evidence; much of which will not be made public or duplicated because of my own personal interests.

I have had telepathy ever since I was struck by lightning in 2004. I have never spoke out about my abilities; but they are the reaaon behind my latest abductions. I contacted the few on board the craft once I had enough evidence gathered to sit down and tune in. 

I called out, felt observed, and explained exactly who I was and why those beings need me, not want me. I explained my understanding of consciousness. That's all I have to say about contacting this craft.

The private area around a lake where this had taken place usually has no traffic after 11:30; given the weather, it should have had zero cars on it. A small team of vans and mid size SUVs showed up 20-40 minutes after I began my observations. This is where I am going to ask you to do what you wish with my report; a follow up is in order. I want to state that I am not looking to make my experiences,evidence, and knowledge a public affair. I am scared for my safety after what I've gone through and the events that have happened to me and still are to this day. 

I have been subject to drugging to intoxication via cigarette to having my Mercedes tampered and altered for this faceless organization to perfirm their nexessary roles. 

My story quite frankly scares me to the point that I have never spoken out to anybody except my safekeeper for my files release. 

My evidences setup, recording, and misleading final concealment was all possible because I had an insurance investigation unit persue me in fear of a fraudulent claim. I was setup for counter surveillance better than any person should ever need to be. This does not record my mental and biological changes, but gives the support needed to realize the truth.

I am leaving for my vacation properties down South soon, i will be without signal of any type; so contact me soon via cell phone call and I'll help you with my story.
