{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-12 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497829","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61488","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2479,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/829/mufon-5497829.json","updb_database_id":5497829}
{rjl} After seeing object I cannot account for the next 2.5 hours yet both myself and truck were 10 miles from our destination 170 miles from first sighting

I was returning form a business trip driving notrth on US550 near San Yasidro New Mexico. I remember distinctly that the CD Player in the Truck stopped working as well as the radio. I ignored this as some kind of electrical problem I would have fixed the next day. About 1-2 Miles from Sn Yisidro I noticed what at first looked like a cloud in the sky that was blocking out the stars. I though it was a bit strange but didn't think anything of it. The only thing that was on my mind was to make sure and slow down in San Yisedro as the town has a long and storied history of handing out Traffic Tickets for even the slightest infraction. I clearly remember looking at my Speedometer Guage and slowing down as the Speed Limit drops long befor you get close to town. I remember driving and driving wondering wear is San Yisedro? I drove for exactly 30min. and stopped on the side of the road in front of a sign that said Angel Peak Senic Area. This Area is 170 miles northwest of San Yisedro. I have no knowledge of driving that distance, passing any cars, nothing all I know is that I showed up somehow at this location. I tried to call my wife and found my Cell Phone Battery was dead even though it was plugged into the charger. I was affraid to share what happened with anyone including my wife for fear that they may think the wrong things. After this encounter I have slowly over the years developed Stress and Anxiety issues, sleeplessness and have intentionally cut and injured myself for no reason. I lost my job in the Oil and Gas industry over anger issues. I don't know if anything happened that night or not but this is not he first issue that has happened in the North West Platue that I cannot explain. Please help.
