{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484829","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74972","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2433,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/829/mufon-5484829.json","updb_database_id":5484829}
large glowing lime greeny yellow approached swiftly from a south east direction . lit up the community . made an abrupt change of direction from a horizontal direction to a vertical descent without a pause . it appeared to be landing near the larger lake

I couldn't sleep as I had several coffees with friends in the afternoon and so was still wide awake as I lay in bed . I noticed a shimmering star changing colours in the distance so went and got my binoculars to look at it more closely . It was just a star through my binoculars . However as I returned to my bed after putting the binoculars away , my whole room lit up and I thort " what the hell....? " and as I looked out from my 2 storied window I saw a huge glowing bright lime greenish yellow orb coming up from a south east direction . It was growing larger and larger as it approached very fast . Then inexplicably it suddenly left its horizontal trajectory and without a pause , it changed its direction and descended vertically and slightly sloping trajectory . It descended rapidly and in a peculiar momentum unknown to any other earthly craft that I have seen descend . As it rapidly descended our suburb was full of light . I lost sight of it ad it dropped below the roof lines of neighbouring houses . Its descent trajectory would have put it on course with the larger of the lake's a block away from the house . I did not see it ascend even tho I sat up for about an hour after the event with binoculars at the ready " just in case " . How did I feel ? ....pleased and grateful to have witnessed such an extraordinary event . I didnt feel scared . In fact a kind of elation somehow . I haven't been able to get down to the lake today because of other activities 
But tomorrow I shall go down to where I think it may have touched down and take a good look around !
