{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529829","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25680","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2478,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/829/mufon-5529829.json","updb_database_id":5529829}
Large craft with no lights, no wings, no sound "escorted by large helicopter

I live about a mile north of the end of the airport runway in Angel Fire, NM. Angel Fire is in a valley at an elevation of 8,400 ft surrounded by mountains of roughly 10,000 ft to the east and 13,300 feet to the west.

Just before 9 pm on August 26 I heard and felt a window-rattling noise, which caused me to go outside to investigate. Once outside, I looked up and saw a large helicopter (with bright exterior lights and dim interior lights, noise, spinning rotors) traveling slowly in a northward direction a few hundred feet above Hwy 64. Immediately in front of the helicopter was an object approximately four times as long as the helicopter. The object was bullet-shaped on both ends and cylindrical between the bullet-shaped ends. The object had no lights, no wings, no markings or windows that I could see, and made no sound. It blocked out the stars behind it. I was able to discern its shape by the shape of the area of blocked-out stars and by the moonlight which illuminated its underside.

The night was clear, with no clouds and easily-distinguishable stars. The moon (just a couple of days past full) was rising over the mountains to the east at the time I saw the object. 

It appeared to me that the object was being "escorted" by the helicopter behind it. Both the helicopter and the object moved at a steady, but slow, pace. The unknown object traveled steadily with no wobble or other movement. I watched the helicopter and the unknown object for about three minutes until they disappeared over the horizon. (The helicopter lights were visible for about three minutes 1 the object in front of the helicopter became unseeable after about a minute and a half.)

My feelings? Incredulity! Curiosity! Why was a large UFO flying so low and why was a large helicopter 'assisting' it?
