{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-03 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496325","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63079","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2386,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/325/mufon-5496325.json","updb_database_id":5496325}
{dr}Two red lights, moving very slowly, always in perfect formation with each other.

After leaving a restaurant, my wife and I observed two red lights, moving very slowly, always in perfect formation with each other.

The lights seemed to be of a compound nature, (multiple small illumination sources) and as the object rotated, the lights faded away as if they were facing forward and the mass of the object blocked the lights from my view. There was total silence during the observation which was witnessed by myself, my wife, and an additional man.

As I'm a pilot and a pretty good observer of arial phenomenon, I can't explain this by any form of aircraft that I am familiar with

The objects course was roughly 30 degrees for a time, then it hovered for about 30 seconds, and then proceeded on a course of near due north which would place it moving towards March RAFB.

There is a lot of air traffic into and out of March, including C-17s and KC-135s but this was not one of them. As an Air Force veteran, I know these aircraft.

There was no flashing beacon, and the lights I saw were not navigation lights as one of them would be green if that were so. Of course, total silence also discounted any kind of powered aircraft.

As far as size goes, I was unable to anything but the lights and I have no way of estimating their distance but the impression I got was that it was very big and not too far away. The two lights covered an area about equally to my fist held at arms length.

I tried to observe stars falling behind the craft thus providing a clue to the objects size and shape, but as I was in a parking lot which was well lit and most stars were washed out.

I hope this proves helpful. It's my first UFO during my 63 years on this planet.

Good hunting,

Jeff
