{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-16 20:21:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503325","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55621","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5812,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/325/mufon-5503325.json","updb_database_id":5503325}
{rjl} Update UFO Sighting in Las Vegas, NV : April 16, 2014

My name is [Name removed/cms/tg] and I am the guy that filmed this UFO video. This was only the 2nd or 3rd video I ever shot on my Galaxy S4 so I am no expert as you can tell when you watch the video. I was sitting on my back patio at about 8:20 p.m. which faces the Las Vegas Strip and Downtown Las Vegas having a cigarette when this happened. Both the Las Vegas Strip and downtown are about 12 to 13 miles away from my home and I live just at the base of the Red Rocks and Red Rock Canyon which is about 1200 to 1300 feet higher in elevation than the Strip and downtown. Our subdivision is one of the highest elevations for a subdivision in all Las Vegas so we have great views of the city and the entire valley.

Something that I initially thought was an airplane flew north going right past my house at about 8:21 p.m. but it wasn't making any noise and the red lights were a brilliant red and seemed larger than normal. There also seemed to be more red lights on this thing than any other aircraft I had ever seen and no white or any other colored lights. It was probably only about a mile or less away at that time I first saw it and it was flying very low. Probably between 500 and 700 feet above the ground. Within a couple of seconds it reversed direction for about a second or two right in its own path and then reversed again continuing on towards North Las Vegas and perhaps even Nellis Air Force Base in its original path. It was hard to tell exactly where it ended up because there is a house that sits right in the path of where the UFO ended up but the house sits below my house so the top of their roof was about eye level with my eyes. I estimate that the UFO was anywhere from 10 to 20 miles away while I was shooting the video. Note: I mistakenly called the chimney on the house below a tree at the beginning of the video because it was so dark looking through the view finder on the camera. That got me up immediately and onto a raised cement slab near our back fence so that I could see better. I was pretty pumped up, amazed and shocked at the same time because it was clear right away that this was a UFO and not some conventional aircraft.

When you see it in 3D or real time with your own eyes it looks much clearer and way easier to see than any video will ever show. My adrenalin was definitely running.

Anyway, I was fumbling around, trying to get my camera out of my pocket so I could try to hurry up and film this thing. By this time 45 seconds or so has elapsed before I could start filming. Being the novice I am, I used the screen on the phone camera to try and keep up with the UFO. I think that was a mistake because I kept losing the UFO, especially when it would dim in brightness. I also zoomed in and out too much trying to see it better. I apologize for being so shaky but this might be a once in a lifetime event for me and I wanted proof. Whatever it was it was amazing! It was moving all over the northwestern sky, up, down, side to side, blinking a greenish blue and red but mostly the greenish blue. The colors were very bright. The video is shaky but other parts clearly show this object moving at fast speeds and in a manner no other air worthy craft could possibly do. On several occasions it descended so low that it came close to landing, right in a populated area. It also did a nice gentle "S" motion at one point when it was rising followed by a left bank. My home sits on a lot that is higher than the surrounding lots so my eye level is about the same or higher than the roof tops on the nearby homes.

I see a lot of aircraft living where I live including Air Force One when Obama comes to town but I have never seen something like this putting on a show like it did. It also had to be moving pretty fast because it was at least 10 miles away and could be close to 20 miles away depending on where it was at times in the video.

A Person whom I don1t know what their name is witnessed it as well from North Las Vegas. They contacted me after I posted the video. They chased the UFO and took a couple of photos of it as well. They have a YouTube channel and it is located at: [Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]

The complete video is at my YouTube channel which you will find here: [Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]

One more thing. I showed the video to my 30 year old son who lives in the San Francisco Bay Area. On April 17, 2014 he called Nellis Air Force Base to inquire about it and was told that they had a jet fighter up that night doing maneuvers. Really? A single jet fighter doing extreme maneuvers over a densely populated area of North Las Vegas between 8:20 p.m. and 8:30 p.m. when they are right next door to their testing range which is larger than some eastern states? Jets can't change directions like that. They can't fly that fast and can't climb and descend like that stopping at rooftop level. Well, at least they didn't give the standard weather balloon excuse.
