{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-05 23:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501325","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57736","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4252,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/325/mufon-5501325.json","updb_database_id":5501325}
{nd} on July 5, 2014 I observed and tried to document a 20+ minute Unidentified Flying Object experience that was magnificent.

At approx. 10:30-11pm. while laying down relaxing, I was just looking out of my 4th floor large bay window & skylight that overlooks Lake Erie, I suddenly saw reddish glowing circular objects approaching from the West in pairs of two's and four's. They appeared to fly around in unison, in a geometric formation of sorts. During the twenty minutes I watched, it was as though an entire linear formation of these "entities or flying objects", cruised by the lake front and seemed to be flying somewhere between, as low as 1,000 feet above the lake, to as high as 3,000 feet as they departed moving Northward out over the lake. I opened my window to see if I could hear an engine or any sound and there was absolute silence in the sky during the time the objects were visible. I filed a report shortly after my sighting last night which contained the basic documentation above, but upon reflection today, and following the suggestions on this site, I want to note the following additional recollections:
1.) At first I tried to convince myself that what I was witnessing might just be Thai balloons. But of course, because they moved so deliberately fast and always in some sort of formation, and were able to almost instantly fly toward the horizon, I knew they were nothing I could rationalize as a known object. 
2.) It was nearly impossible using my iPhone and iPad to capture the intensity, or the scale, or the color, the energy emitted or the trajectory of their movement. All approximately 12-14 of them flew in sequentially from the West, high over the treetops traveling very fast until they came into view above my skylight. Then each one seemed to slow down and move out maybe a half mile or so over the lake and hover. They all hovered in groups of two and then another object would arrive always forming triangles. Other formations were clearly geometric and involved five objects. These "formations" would hover within eyesight for a minute or so and then fly off over the lake in the direction of Canada. I've provided photos of these formations.
3.)I quickly realized that I was experiencing something remarkable due to how close and repetitive these flying objects were. I began counting them and trying really hard to photograph and video them but nothing I captured, in any way reflects their intensity--and the red-orange glow that enveloped each one. When I reviewed my photos, I found one picture of a bright green streak. That was a photo I took trying to capture one of the objects flying away like lightening toward the horizon. Apparently, my photo just caught the energy the object emitted.
4.) After somewhere between 20-30 minutes, the formations of flying, glowing bright reddish-orange orbs or objects simply ceased coming into view. The last formation consisted of the bright green streak I described as the only image I caught of the object hovering for minutes, then finally--instantly, speeding away. The only words I can use to describe the entire experience were, exciting, amazing and unbelievable.
