{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-04-25 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511369","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46999","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6840,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/369/mufon-5511369.json","updb_database_id":5511369}
{nd} Direct Close Encounter with Ufo Star Orb

This is it folks! We had a direct encounter last night with the ufo orb we have been recently witnessing. The only other thing that could happen now that would top this sighting is a landing with a meet & greet & Im not even joking Im very serious!This is our 3rd sighting this month with our last sighting being 2 nights ago.These sightings of ours has been ongoing since 2006 & last nights sighting mimics exactly our first sighting which coincidentally I was digging info on throughout the day via the internet.That first sighting was reported to the National Ufo reporting center & I was reading what I had wrote & was the first time I had read the report since that time. The 2006 sighting is what made us the ufo enthusiast we are today & to come full circle tonight with this direct over head encounter has left me in a state of awe & excitement but at the same time, still leaving me with a lot of questions. My only complaint is the fact that a mother ship could land beside me & all I would have is this cheap camera or like previous times,nothing at all.For documentation purposes this will be a detailed report.There was 3 sightings total last night & after reading the latest Mufon reports this morning from the 25th,the Lexington,Ky report matches the first 2 sightings I had last night.Skip to Part2 if you wanna get to the main encounter.

Part1.

I stepped outside around 7:50 p.m. The stars were just appearing in the sky.I noticed it had got chilly so I grabbed a jacket,got my binoculars & camera.About 10 or 15 minutes later it was dark & the moon was starting to rise over the horizon & looked really big with a tint of orange. I told my wife she needed to come look & she said she would in a few.So a few minutes afterwards while I was waiting on her,I saw an bright orb object passing very fast from north to south. I tried to record it but it wouldnt pick it up.I looked through the binoculars & started getting excited.I followed it until it faded. It whizzed on by where as the bright orbs we like to see are slow moving.My wife comes outside & I tell her well,you missed it.I explained my sighting to her & we talked.About 5 or so minutes later we see another orb from the south going north.It was also fast moving but it seemed a little bit higher up & it was not really bright either.Both of these I felt like were jet liner height maybe lower. But they had no blinking lights & with the second one she called satellite although I said both of what I saw was still lower than a satellite.She says to me,well unless it is exactly like the lower flying bright star like orbs we have seen before Im calling satellite.She says,Its got to be bright like the other orbs weve seen other times before I call ufo & then..........

Part2.

As the words was still coming out of her mouth with me agreeing back saying,yeah your right,she says in excitement,look look! She pulls my arm,turns me around facing west & points up to the sky.Like a deer hit with headlights I froze in place realizing the familiar Star like orb was right there in front of us.It seemed like it was only 30 feet or so above the nearest tree top lines & was shining very very bright & moving very very slow.I took the camera out of my pocket & hit record.Im thinking OMG this is happening right now,noticing that even though I am zoomed all the way,its still not coming through on the video screen as intense & close as we are seeing it.The orb came from the west & was moving east at about 10 mph in a straight line path but directly in front & above us.Im realizing that my hand is shaking & Im trying to record the best I can with this cheap sanyo camera.The orb made no sound & seemed to only be about 100-150ft from us.It slowed down so much while directly over our heads that it appeared for a few moments to hover in place like it was checking us out.It finally passed us & as it tracked east I kept the recorder going only stopping it once so I could check it out with the binoculars.I was in shock right afterwards & was lost for words which is why I am writing then down here now.

The Video

Someone at Mufon should lend me a good video camera:) for documentation.
Im uploading my raw videos & Im sorry about the audio its going in & out with a white noise sound?We was both talking throughout the filming to document but the audio is totally messed up.I am disappointed that the video picture quality don't stress enough the closeness & brightness as what we saw with our own eyes.It really doesnt do justice to what we saw but it is still good to watch.About 32 seconds in on the first video you will see it dim & fade out. That was not the object disappearing but me zooming back out with the camera. As you could see it did not even pick it up without zooming in with it being as bright & close as it was I really don1t understand.This kind of camera makes everything seem further than it is even the full moon. The second video is the tail end of it fading into the distance. 

Report Conclusion

I1m very shocked no one in our area is reporting this.I1m convinced that if Jesus Christ appeared in the sky,only a few would notice because no one would be outside or take notice because most of everyone is too busy texting,playing war video games or watching the latest reality tv show & does not care about the real outside world around them.It1s actually very sad when you stop to think about it.These orbs seem to be showing up at least for us on a intelligent conscious level.We still don1t know what these orbs are but best described as a ball of light that is star like. Visualize our experience by taking the size & brightness of the star Sirius as you see it with your naked eye & multiply the brightness x4 or more & then put it below airplane level in the sky or in last nights case just above tree top level moving very slow in a straight line path.Its truly amazing! I will keep investigating these sightings & when I obtain more evidence I will share with you all.
