{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-07-01 10:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478369","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81763","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3698,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/369/mufon-5478369.json","updb_database_id":5478369}
{jpg} Black triangle slowly low flying above my head, quiet, emitting cold

I was riding my bike to my friend1s house in the morning, I think in the summer of 1980 or 1981 (if not, then sometime in between 1979 to 1982). It was a warm, sunshine day with no clouds, clear blue sky. I was riding on the raised dirt trail going from south to north along the Mount Anthony Union High School field on Park St in Bennington Vt. I was a little girl, in the summer of 1980 I would have been 10 or 11 years old depending on if it was before or after my summer birthday.

I stopped riding when I noticed a quiet, low, smoothly gliding big heavy black triangular craft over my head. Its width was wider than the road next to me. It was as high as double the length of the telephone poles next to me. The bottom surface of the craft was smooth, looked like a very dark grey matt brushed metal. There were no windows, wheels or any type of elements attached to the bottom, the bottom was perfectly smooth. I remember when it was over my head, it emitted coldness from it. I felt the coldness on my body, especially on the back of my bare neck and arms, gave me chills. I assumed it was cold from being high in the sky recently. It was gliding so low that I couldn1t see it once it passed me beyond the trees over the horizon of the tree lines. I was perplexed and looked around to see if anyone else was noticing this, I only saw one station wagon drive on the road down below me, driving in the opposite direction of the craft and the driver didn1t seem to notice anything, the driver was just looking straight ahead with a blank look on his/her face. After the craft left, I felt odd, overly relaxed, without any thoughts traveling through my mind during the rest of my bike ride, basically spaced out. 

If I remember correctly, the bike ride from my home to my friend1s house usually took about 12 minutes. At this point I was only about 2 to 3 minutes away from her home. When I got to her front door, I felt very relaxed, light headed and spaced out. She answered the door with an exasperation of where I had been, I was supposed to be at her home hours ago. She told me I told her on the phone I was leaving hours ago. And I typically would have done that, I would have left when I told her I was going to. I was confused by her confusion. She asked me if anything was wrong. I was confused, I couldn1t remember anything about my morning, past the moment I saw the craft. I couldn1t remember talking to her on the phone, I couldn1t remember leaving my home. I couldn1t remember my bike ride up to the point of seeing the craft. And up to this day, I don1t remember anything about that morning before I saw the craft. And I wasn1t so shocked by seeing the craft that it could have done that to my mind. It didn1t scare my senses out of me, it was quiet, peaceful, and smooth and it passed me by quickly enough before I couldn1t see it anymore. It didn1t scare me at all. It was as peaceful as watching a butterfly. But it was already afternoon by the time I had arrived at her home and I couldn1t understand why.
