{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-07-24 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487369","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72297","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2801,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/369/mufon-5487369.json","updb_database_id":5487369}
{nd} Any more accounts of what we saw back in 1993 that has now returned?

July 24th 1993 at 10 pm my brother and i were outside to see if we could witness any fireworks that were being shot off for the Utah Pioneer day. We were looking out west toward Utah lake in Orem Utah. We had only been outside laying on the grass for a few minutes before right above our heads appeared a winged like craft with small exterior lights all over it. the lights were not emitting light projecting in front of the craft but were there and looked like some kind of lighting pattern? The craft was completely silent as it flew over us and was just above the cotton wood trees were we were laying looking up at the sky. The craft moved to the north very slowly as if it were observing us or wanted us to observe it. After this thing passed over us, my brother and i looked at each other with stunned faces and ran inside as fast as we could. Our parents didn't believe us and we never talked about the incident again...until about three weeks ago my brother and i are talking on the phone because I was diagnosed with Multiple Sclerosis in 98 and he has recently been diagnosed too. After talking for awhile about our MS and experiences with it, i suddenly had this vague memory pop into my head from that time in 1993 and decided to find out if my memory was serving me well or if i was remember something that didn't happen because i was so young. Nathan being older than me by two years said, "no i was there too and you did not hallucinate that. we saw it together!" About a week after that, i am randomly looking at google news and see a report about a ufo from ohio kentucky border that looks exactly like what we saw back in 1993. I thought i was going crazy because i have never seen this UFO again since that night until now and after we talked about it and both have MS. I am wondering if this is a government craft emitting some kind of charge or something that made it so my brother and i now both have Multiple Sclerosis? What is this thing and has anyone else seen this over the last 30 years? Any info would be great, thanks!
