{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1953-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490369","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69227","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6115,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/369/mufon-5490369.json","updb_database_id":5490369}
{cak} Around the age of five, I was lifted into the sky

In the summer of 1953 I was a five year old boy who lived on [location removed] . Cedar street was a dirt road, with very little traffic. During the day, it was just as likely to see a mule-drawn cart as an automobile. I pretty much was free to roam the street because most of the houses belonged to relatives. While Phoenix City had a notoriously dangerous reputation, Cedar Street was a safe area.
The street ran east/west. Up the hill to the west was a paved road that split towards Eufaula, Alabama and towards Seale, Alabama. To the east, it ran towards the Chattahoochee River.
On this particular afternoon I walked up the hill to my grand father's house, who had a Coca Cola cooler in the small building at the front of his property. I asked for a Coke, but he refused.
Next, I continued up the hill to the small store at the intersection of Cedar Street and the paved highway. There were a few men at a table outside the store, playing dominoes. I hung around for a few minutes, but nobody offered to buy me a drink. So, I headed back home.
As I walked down the hill, I was on the north side of Cedar Street. But as I neared my cousin's house, I angled across the road to the opposite side because I didn't like walking past the deep ravine that bordered their property.
On two earlier occasions I had seen a large hairy ape-like man amongst the kudzu in that ravine. Although the creature had never threatened me, I was afraid to get too close.
I was about halfway across the dirt road when I was struck in the forehead by a bright narrow beam of light from above. The beam was less than two inches in diameter. It made no sound; nor had any "feel." But, it was amazingly bright to be seen during a mid afternoon.
I gazed skyward and saw a large gray disc suspended very high over the back yard of my home.
Immediately, I was lifted into the sky at a very fast speed. Actually, I did not have the sensation of being lifted. Rather, it was a sensation of "falling" up.
My memory is clouded about the ensuing details. I seem to recall being greeted by at least three persons inside the craft. I can't describe what they looked like. I'm assuming they did not look like "monsters" because I did not panic.
I recall being on a table; and something sharp being stuck into my left nostril. It wasn't painful; but it was uncomfortable.
I also recall being told that it was a beneficial procedure. They weren't speaking words. We were communicating via "thoughts."
I was also told to not tell anybody what had happened. They also told me that the hairy creature in the ravine would not harm me.
Next thing I recall, I was inside my house, standing behind a sheer curtain in the parlor. I don't know how I got there.
That night, I woke up in the middle of the night and saw the hairy creature standing next to my bed. He was so tall, his head bumped against the light bulb that was hanging from the ceiling. Next to him was a shorter, similarly hairy woman holding a baby creature. The hair on the adults laid flat on their bodies. The hair on the baby was "fuzzy" and stood away from its body.
Suddenly the baby jumped from its mother's arms and bounced onto my bed. She reached down to pick him up, and the small creature peed on my bed as it was being lifted.
The father seemed perturbed about the incident, and the three of them exited my room, went through the parlor, and out the front door.
I never again saw any hairy creatures. But for the next ten years I suffered from chronic nosebleeds and boils on my body.
During those years, I often "left my Body" and flew around during the night. Sometimes when I returned to my body, I would jolt so hard, it would bounce me out of bed.
I never spoke of these things to anyone. I tried to forget they even happened. I grew up in an area and in an era when things like UFOs were not even discussed. It wasn't until much later in life that I became curious.
After high school, the nosebleeds became rare. But, sometime around the year 2005, I began to notice something inside my left nostril. It felt almost like a small pimple. By 2009, that pimple inside my nose had begun sprouting something that resembled a stiff hair. I tried using trimmers to cut the "hair" but it would not cut. One day I grabbed a pair of tweezers and yanked it out.
It was not a hair. Removing that thing was very painful. It looked like a section of thick mono-filament fishing line. Maybe 40 or 50 pound test line. It was more than an inch long, although less than a quarter inch had been visible when I tried removing it.
I tossed it into the trash. As mentioned earlier, I never thought too much about UFOs. As an adult, I plodded along as a soldier, a commercial fisherman, and a pest control technician. Nothing special about me.
In 2013 I got throat cancer. The treatments nearly killed me. Until the cancer, I was an extremely healthy person. I did not have a primary doctor. I was never sick. The only time I saw a doctor was when I had injuries. The only times I missed work was when I was a bit too hungover from alcohol; and that was rare.
I am filing this report because things are only now becoming more clear in my memory about unexplained things that happened in my life. I am curious to know whether or not I might have had contact with alien beings. 
Thanks for being available to hear from folks like myself. I apologize for not being able to provide better details.
Sincerely, D.D.
