{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-06-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476369","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83874","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3378,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/369/mufon-5476369.json","updb_database_id":5476369}
{rjl} UFO followed alongside my vehicle the instantly appeared ahead of me, stopped at treetop level and hovered before ascending at lightening speed and disappeared

In the summer of 1977 my 10-yr old son and I were returning home after driving to a nearby town 30 miles away to see the movie "Chariots of the Gods". It was approx. between 9-10pm CST at night as I was driving on a blacktop road rather than the highway since it was a shorter way to get home. As I was driving North, I noticed ahead of me, and to the LEFT of the road,a fiery image about treetop level and I mentioned to my son it must be a barn on fire. About 2 min. later as I approached a curve ahead,the fiery image moved from it's location left of the road and instantly appeared on the RIGHT side of the road. I knew then it was a UFO due to how quickly it maneuvered direction. I was then driving East with the UFO following me to my right, (about 100 ft. higher than my van) and it stayed maybe 2 car lengths ahead of me. The UFO seemed to be traveling the same speed as I was which by then I had probably slowed to about 40 mph! After about 30-45 seconds of following us it instantaneously appeared about 1/4 mile ahead and to the LEFT side of the road. It was then stopped and hovered above a grove of trees. Since it had stopped I did not want to keep driving. There was a house there so I pulled into someone's driveway and thought about going up to their door to let them know of the UFO so people wouldn't think I was just making it all up. But figured as sure as I did it would disappear. My son thought I should keep driving but I told him I didn't want to be abducted or have my car engine fail. As it hovered there I could make out the shape and a few features. It was disc shaped with a seemingly darker band around the center of it & a lot of fire from the underneath. Either the flames below were so bright that they illuminated the craft or the moonlight was such that I could get a good view of it (or both). As we sat there wondering what to do, after approx. 4-5 min. I said to the UFO, "I know that you can hear me because you all are a lot more intelligent & advanced than we are, so please just go on and leave us alone." About 10 sec. later the UFO took off at lightening speed in an upward south easterly direction & disappeared. The entire time of the sighting, I encountered no traffic in either direction. However, as soon as it disappeared there was traffic again. The image of the UFO actually looked a lot like the spaceship image on the album cover of the band Boston's first album in 1976. I have since regretted that I didn't try to make better communication because I would like to communicate with them. Evidently, they were seeking me out but I just had no idea of their intent.
