{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-05-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491369","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68200","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2474,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/369/mufon-5491369.json","updb_database_id":5491369}
{cak} Contacted after being waken by beings

Me my wife at the time now my ex, and our adopted daughter were camping overnight at promised Land State Park in North East Central PA. We had seen some activity earlier in the night as small lights appearing and disappearing but we did not think much of it. We lived in the Norfolk va area and saw this all the time. Me and my wife went to sleep in the back camper shell of the truck and our daughter in the front bench seat. we had a sliding window so we were in contact easily. About 2-3 am we were awoke and I was frightened and angered. I remember fighting off grey and some white beings. at first I thought it was a nightmare but, my wife had the same exact experience however she was unable to move and resist them. 
I jumped half naked out of the back of the truck to observe a bright light over the lake moving fast to the east and gaining altitude. It was being pursued by F-15 fighters about 3 of them. I recognized the sound of them and the silhouette since I had served in the US Navy. They were followed by a black helo that hovered over the area for a bit. Our daughter was not scared, she told us the little men told her it was ok they would not hurt us. I packed up fast and stopped at the ranger station on the way out. The rangers said it was normal recently but refused to open the door. They were not going to leave the station for any reason. Their voices showed great fear. 
We made our was to I 80 rest area and we stopped. The rest area attendant asked where we had gotten the strange print on our windshield? I told him what we went thru and he offered to watch over us if we wanted to sleep a bit. The Print Small width, Long three fingered print with no thumb They were pointed. They had disappeared by the time we woke up. 
We never spoke of this again even after our divorce a year later.
