{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-10 05:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463369","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97575","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2425,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/369/mufon-5463369.json","updb_database_id":5463369}
{cak} came from over my condo.floated across parking lot up 35ft.no noise. four white corner.stopped behind two trees,disapeared.

I woke up early 5am,couldnt sleep. I went outside to see how my two cats are doing.they were about three years old then and just showed them how to live outside. i walked in to the condo parking lot and didnt see the cats. I looked up at the moon and sky.my building has three floors and about 35' to 40' high. as I was looking at the sky just over my buildings roof line came out a rectangular object floating across a couple of inches over the top of the roof then over the parking lot. it was rectangular,about 5'long, 3'across, and about 6"thick.it had a bright white light on each corner. it made no sound at all. there were no propellers.i said to myself,no one could be flying a drone at 5am. it floated across the parking lot very very slow,but didnt drop.it went behind a royal palm tree and a tall bush like tree. i waited for it to go across from behind the trees.it never did. i walked behind the two trees and it was not there, gone, disappeared! after it went behind the trees i remembered I said to myself, why didnt I go right away to see what happened? then I said to myself, what happened? how did it disappear, why was I frozen and not checked right away? I dont know what happened. i went back in. i put on the news, just starting, before going outside. when I went in the news was over though I feel I was outside only eight minutes or so. in the morning i went outside to check the trees for a drone or something. nothing there. i went inside, got on the computer and typed, ufo black rectangular white lights on each corner. and there it was, several photos of what i saw. its been bothering me the past six or seven years since ive seen it. so i had to finally write you a letter.
