{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-02-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548450","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"10306","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5002,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/450/mufon-5548450.json","updb_database_id":5548450}
Disc with bluish glow, small green lights with a few red flashing

Lake Oswego, Oregon
George Rogers Park
February 1977 , about 10PM

After park closing time.
15 minutes after the last car pulls out of the parking lot, my girlfriend and I were standing on the footbridge that crosses Sucker Creek (now known as Oswego Creek).

We were facing the Willamette River, looking in the direction towards Oregon City. It was a cloudless night and I looked up at the stars.

I noticed one of the "stars" appeared to be moving. "Look over there - A satellite" I said to my girlfriend.

We stood on the bridge and watched it move along for a minute or so. It seemed like the closer it moved in our direction, the lower in altitude it was. It was at about a 65 degree angle to us originally, now it was obviously not a satellite. It was flying above the Willamette River, following the river's path towards Portland.

We walked to the end of the footbridge to watch it. The object was now directly over the river from the park.

At this point the object slowed way down and was no longer just a light in the sky.

It looked to be about as large as small plane or a car.

The object appeared round on the underside and had a slight metallic shine. It emitted a slightly greenish/blue light around it, but you couldn't tell where it was coming from.

For a few seconds, the object seemed to change shape towards the top of it. To my eyes, it appeared to take on the shape of a dark greenish angel with a gargoyle type face, then changed back to the disc shape again.

I could hear a very low pitched humming noise coming from it. Not real loud. You could "feel" the noise more than you could hear it.

At this moment the object changed directions and flew towards us at a very slow speed.

It flew what appeared to be maybe 15-20 feet above the old Iron Furnace and stopped to the left side of it.

We are off the footbridge now and are standing in the parking lot.

After the object stopped moving, it seemed to take on a brighter bluish color. It seemed to not come from it, but around it.

We stood there stupefied. I instantly knew that "they" (whatever "they" were) knew we were watching.

The object seemed to be bathing us in this bluish light. I felt warm all over.

At this point I seemed to have some sort of telepathic contact with the object.

I could not hear an actual voice in my head, but more like the feeling of an instant memory. That's about as close as I can describe it.

Some of what I remember them "saying":
They were in the area to examine the atmosphere.
They were on this earth to witness the second coming of Christ.

At this point, I had a dis-belief of what I was seeing and the "voice" said, "Here is a signal to you, so that you will know we were really here."

At the very moment I "heard" this, small green lights lit up on the object. Starting at the bottom right, and coming on one at a time until it reached the top. Then two larger red lights in the center of the object came on and flashed a few times.

Then the "voice" said, "We are going to come down to you into the parking lot and take you up with us."

At that moment I was terrified and thought back to them "If you do that, I will go insane!"

At the very moment I thought this, the blue light that was bathing us turned off and I was cooler again. The red lights went out and then the green lights went out one at a time (in the opposite direction they came on).

The object then started shaking violently back and forth, then shot at extremely fast speed down and to the right.

I thought to myself "Oh no, it's going to crash!" It flew behind a tree but I raced out into the parking lot to see it going down.

Right before it would have crashed, the object sort of melted (heat-wave look) away into nothing and was gone.

My girlfriend later said she could not remember anything that happened after the blue light hit us. She said she felt frozen in her footsteps and could not move until the object was gone.

The next day I had a slight sunburn on my face even though it was February.

See attached pictures for more info
