{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-27 23:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494450","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65026","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2821,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/450/mufon-5494450.json","updb_database_id":5494450}
{dr}A glowing orb. Changing colos then moving quickly then coming to original spot

Wow I was outside smoking a cigarette. Noticed a huge light that I've never seen, I look at the sky always because I live in a place where visibility is beautiful and I like the view. I noticed the orb changing color from bright whit to a blue then an orange glow, then watched it make an extremely weird direction change just to come back and hover in original spot. I asked my mother and father to confirm I'm not seeing things and they immediately said they saw the same without me having to point it out to them I'm 100% positive it was a star, plane, or anything of that nature and to get a perspective of movement we witnessed a plane flying in same area with the normal white to red lights to assure us it was a plane. Then we witnessed a helicopter flying in same direction but herd the helicopter so again confirmed it wasn't a helicopter. It made us feel uneasy because we are not ones to believe in something that is unexplainable to us. We are not your ufo typical believers so it is completely out of character to try to find out how to report so making this sighting and report is something we felt needed to be explained. We lost sight of object because of a huge direction change from spot position to a climb in altitude. Then regained visual 10-15mins later with it"( orb) but this time having a second object similar to first but smaller under the original object which confirmed our skeptisism that we previously had with all out panic and that the object not only returned but this time it had not only returned but it had another object (orb) returned with it!!!! OMG!!! So weird. Sorry about some of my misspelled words or run on sentences but I am just lost for words on how or what to do. The 2nd object seemed to join the first like for lack of terminology docked or combined with the first and continued to hover for to be exact 47 mins until both climes so fast so far that we lost sight.
