{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-28 22:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287450","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115926","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3121,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/450/mufon-5287450.json","updb_database_id":5287450}
Bright golden light crosses Mount Shasta in a unique movement then zooms off rapidly.

Shot on an iPhone 11, 1080p 30 fps
5/28/21, 10:38pm
Bunny Flat Trailhead in the parking lot facing Mount Shasta

What it's not:
I saw plenty of satellites and planes, shooting stars, stars, and have seen and heard camera drones in that area before. This thing was also quite bright, but not some sort of fire just because fire would ultimately go up, not sideways and in a controlled manner. Also ruled out any type of really bright insect or insects. 

Description:
Really bright golden pure light came from the trees in the left, then across the mountain, and eventually sped out and dimmed.

Movement: there was a center color that was solid gold and really bright but it was not moving on a fixed trajectory. It was floating funny in the sense that it had what looked like one or two strings of wavy light come out of it which was not picked up on the camera. It moved really strangely, like fluttering but with a solid core. 

Proximity: This thing was a lot closer than any plane by a LOT. 

What's in the shot:
As you can see, the iphone does not pick up the normal stars even though you can see stars with the naked eye all around. It does not pick up satelites as well. It does pick up planes and I took an additional video of a plane just for reference with the typical blinking red lights. What it did pick up was one of the brightest stars in the night. That is the faint dot near the end of the video but could be good reference at how dim and small (because of distance) it was compared to the UFO.

In the beginning, the camera takes a second to focus onto it. The UFO is not flashing or anything. As it's moving from the left trees (which you can't see), I am panning with my phone left to right a few times but then I freeze the frame here and there so one can see the movement of the object on its own. In the end, you can still see the bright star being captured, but this thing slowly dims as it rockets out of this location while the bright star remains. To the naked eye, you could see the UFO accelerate out, as represented by the dimming in the video. 

Sound:
There is no sound from the UFO. We can hear planes, helicopters, and drones in the area at different times, but similar to satellites, we could not hear a thing. The only sound in the video is us being absolutely dumbfounded with wind.
