{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493450","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66063","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4898,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/450/mufon-5493450.json","updb_database_id":5493450}
{jpg} Multible orbs of pulsing,changing color quickly,direction,shape,glowing,bright. Varying in number,silent, appeared to be a

On the night of June 1st 2015, I was witness to a unique spectacle in the southern sky. I was out on the roof of my house star gazing with a friend when we noticed a series of strange lights appear in the southern sky.

I thought perhaps it was some kind of strange air craft for a moment. However the night was dead silent. Also the erratic nature of the lights makes me extremely skeptical that we witnessed anything conventional. 

The start of the "event" was aprox 2:30am lasting for a little over an hour. The night sky was mostly clear, the moon was huge and very bright. I believe I was the first to notice several strange lights in the sky. It appeared to be a series very odd orb-lights,moving in changing formations,shifting colors VERY quickly,changing in number as well. There seemed to be a few main orbs,that would split and then reabsorb randomly.

We were so captivated by the display that I did not even think to go for my camera for at least 30 minutes. I literally could not take my eyes off what was happening. So we both sat and observed the lights for a decent amount time,transfixed. 

Thankfully, I managed to break away to run all the way down to my car to get my Nikon D3200 24mp camera. Also fortunately I had a telephoto lens and a tripod. So I quickly ran back up to the roof and setup for what I knew was going to be difficult photo shoot as night photography can be tricky. 

One of particularly interesting effects I noticed was what appeared to be short ribbons/lighting bolts of red light/energy radiating upwards from one of the objects. 

Very upsetting to me was the fact I would normally have had a pair of nice Nikon 10x50 binoculars for star gazing but they were recently stolen. I was able to find a pair of ww2 era binos 6x30s and got a brief look at the object emitting the red energy, to my best estimate it appeared to actually have a diamond shape. Due to the frequency of changing patterns, it is difficult to describe. 

My reaction was at first shock,brief disbelief and excitement then awe. My friend however is the typical skeptical type, had a completely different reaction then I did. She was concerned,in shock,eventually becoming increasingly frightened. After the event was over she was extremely disturbed and terrified for hours. I think she is still having trouble with the event,perhaps denial. Thankfully I was able to get objective data like photos/video of some of the event.

I actually wanted to attempt to "signal" the objects to see if I could get a response, I flashed my led flashlight towards them but without any apparent reaction..I wanted to then use my 60mw green laser pointer but my friend was too scared and would not let me.   

For the record, I do want to state that I regularly follow reports from MUFON and am very interested in unique phenomena lets say. I used to be a complete skeptic until a few years ago when I started research into the field of UAVs,UFOs,USOs,etc. I am also a avid aviation enthusiast and star gazing/amateur photographer. I have seen all matter of celestial events such as comets,meteors showers,etc. What we saw that night was nothing like I have ever witnessed in my life(judging by my friends reaction,she probably had not either). 

Also Interesting to note was the fact just the night prior I witnessed strange lights to north,over Lake Poygan. They were much farther away and low in the horizon. Disappearing after about 5 minutes. They appeared to be similar as well. I had no intention of filing a report for that sighting but after 6/1/15, it might be relevant or related. 

I am very interested in any follow up and providing any information/assistance that I can. I shot a 12 minute clip of 1080p footage of the later half of the event. It is 2gb in size, I would be willing to provide MUFON with a hard copy of everything if requested.
