{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-23 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509450","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48978","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5229,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/450/mufon-5509450.json","updb_database_id":5509450}
(GS) Driving southbound 101, object was Delta shaped

Had been driving Southbound 101 just past Gilroy Ca,  It was a beautiful clear night with a full moon rising these evenings magnified bigger than usual.  I love to sky watch especially on these nights, at first my eyes caught the yellow/ orange starlike objects above my trucks windshield, I had to lean forward as I drove and thats when I noticed the blue starlike object above them that formed a semi sideways diamond shape( delta slightly on edge).  I took out my I-Phone and set it to video( no illumination for video was on), I then started filming by holding my phone over dash pointing up in the direction these lights were seen while also making sure my eyes ( and truck) were both on the road and in my lane.  Im always driving and this action wasnt difficult or dangerous as far as control of my vehicle was concerned. Im hoping Im able to upload my video of this event as Ive tried this whole process three times already, I decided one more try and then Id just know what I had seen and that would be that.   Im an amateur stargazer and have a pretty solid understanding of when and where Constellations & Planets should be rising or setting as well as which direction.  Ive also lived In many various parts of our country and the world, these places Ive lived usually were close to a Strategic Air Command or a Navy base wether Submarine, Ship or Fighter base of various military branches of this great country of ours.  I know my Military as well as civilian aircraft, Ships and Submarines.  Ive observed some of our experimental or X Projects and am well aware of their attempts at trying to keep these Black Projects from being leaked onto the newspapers or tv, Im also very aware of how the atmosphere, sunlight, shadows and various other things can combine and play tricks both to your eyes and what your brain " thinks" it sees.   I believe myself to be my own critic and doubting Thomas if I witnessed anything that seemed out of the " normal",  During the mid 80s I witnessed a black flying wing fly directly over my head not much higher than one thousand ft.  The late 80s produced our first sightings and experience of seeing the Stealth Fighter and Bomber come out of our Gov. Deep Black secret toolbox.  I would have shelved my sighting to it being one of these Stealth aircraft, I still cannot for the fact that the one I had seen flew under 80mph and under the stall speed of even our light planes flown today, not only was it slowly gliding over my head but it didn't make a sound.  Anyways, back to the Delta shaped colored orbs.  With hopes that my video is seen............ Thats not what was recorded, neither is the erratic movement or the poor camera angle/s hardly capturing the subject intended!  In my video you can hear me say Delta shaped object I was seeing.  When I arrived back home and replayed the video I was shaken to say the least.  My video shows a white orb ( and no it wasnt the Moon or Polaris etc... or any damn Chinese lantern).  My video is embarrassing to watch for the poor angle, steadiness framing etc..   That was not how I had filmed this incident, I cant even blame it on being altered by any type of drink or substance as I don't partake ( maybe I should start).
The video is unedited but I did beak it down thanks to the slow frame by frame capability of the I-Phone. What is shown in still shots is even more bizzare!  This white orb had something melt off of it, on magnification it shows a couple of faces. Ill upload these as well and refrain from commenting for now. Other still frame shots show a kind of potatoe bug type "car".......I can see the people with the straight jackets coming now. Ill end with that, but not without stating that shooting video through a windshield while moving and having slightly dirty windshield isnt a great scientific basis for any type of concrete fool proof evidence of anything.
Lastly, my words and video arent up here to convince anyone of anything. I could care less if you think Im hoaxing or trying to convince you theres little green men( and woman). I think the only thing that I will say is that weve never been alone, and maybe not the most intelligent creatures in existence. Ill even make a prediction: by the end of the year I feel that the majority of Earths inhabitants will also become aware of a bigger picture.   Dont worry though, if we were in danger we would have been dealt with a long time ago..... Maybe were the danger?  My thoughts are just that, nothing unique or premonition type of ideas. Ok, you can put the straight jacket on me now!!  Take care
