{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-20 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525450","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30304","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2798,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/450/mufon-5525450.json","updb_database_id":5525450}
the disappearing reappearing lights came back to the same area

July/ 20 /2011 Greenwood, Indiana. My friend and I were fishing that evening behind my house.We were facing south. At 11:30pm a strange low light caught my eye.The light was a yellow to kind of orange color.I pointed at it and shouted to my friend to look. As soon as he looked in that direction the thing disappeard.He said he didn't see it.We looked over in that direction(south) for a couple seconds but saw nothing. I then turned my head to the right side to talk to him. As soon as i did that he shouted LOOK OHH THATS WEIRD.I turned and looked back to the south direction. I saw one of those strange lights that was just a little over tree top level.Just as I started to get a good look at it another one showed up that was closer to us and a little east to the first one. the second one that showed up was really low ( under tree top level).the color of these lights seemed to look white then yellow and orange like it was constantly changing colors but not like blinking changing.Now it got even more strange.The second one was moving higher up and moving in the direction of the first one. The second one then either had another one right beside it or it simply split into two. Now there are three of these things.My friend was getting really excited and screamed at me to get the camcorder. I had the camcorder with us . I then hurried to get the cam out and get it set up.Right before I opened the lcd screen on the cam to record the things.They all vanished.I know all this that I wrote here seems like there was alot of time but this all happened really fast.What I wrote here is what I saw .When I was getting the camera out messing with it my friend said that they were disappearing and reappearing and formed a strait line but I unfortunatly missed that part.That night we stayed out there waiting for another hour but we saw nothing elese.I usually wouldnt post this withought a video or picture but this the third time that these things have been over here to this area. I have already submitted two different videos of these things to this site.the last video was taken just a month ago. something wierd is going on here!!!!!!!
