{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-12 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288450","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114917","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2325,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/450/mufon-5288450.json","updb_database_id":5288450}
Car like, 1 white light front middle,two red lights on back. Hovered then went invisible like Predator as it descended towards trees.

Was traveling home from grocery shopping with my wife just after nightfall when my wife (who was driving) asked me "is that a star or a planet?". I looked and there was a oddly bright star or planet low on the northern horizon. As we continued driving towards it it got brighter yet still a pinhole light against the sky. We began to feel a bit unnerved. We turned right and started heading perpendicular from the light. About 100 yards down the road we had come parallel to it (I know, that's odd to go perpendicular to parallel, roads curve?) We thought maybe helicopter but IT WAS NOT MOVING. It was parked in the sky and we were semi hysterical because it looked like a car with 1 white small headlight on the front and two red tail lights hovering 100 ft above an open field. We both we're repeating "what is that? What the hell?" Etc. So I did the only sensible thing a curious person could do. I told her to pull over and I got out. As soon as we pulled the car over it started to move quickly away while dropping. Following an arched downward descent. I shielded my eyes from my own headlights and watched for a few seconds before the object suddenly disappeared or rather went invisible. It was exactly like the invisible cloaking device in Predator. The "invisibility" wrapped around it and there was still a faint distorted rectangle where the object had been continuing down and towards the trees. I ran back to the car, almost peed my pants and we quickly drove away freaking out. Looking out the windows to make sure it wasn't following us, typical paranoia and hysteria like that.
