{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-15 11:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468450","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92123","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3632,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/450/mufon-5468450.json","updb_database_id":5468450}
{rjl} saw cylindrical object over mountain inside giant thunder head with colored electrical impulses inside cloud. object looked like a roll of aluminum foil. this roll however was 1000 feet x 125 feet. huge craft.

I was smoking a cigar on my porch. I always look at the beautiful mountain view we have and the sky as well. On this day there were a few small puffy cotton ball type clouds in the sky closer to my home. The mountain range in our view was absolutely clear . not a single wisp of a cloud. I watched two airplanes fly over head right over our house we live in the flight path of SAN and LAX the mountain range is mount San Jacinto it is 10 to 12 miles from the house. after taking a few drags from my cigar I butted it out and went inside . about 15 or 20 minutes later I had the urge to smoke again I went to the sink to wash my hands. as I was drying my hands I looked out the window and noticed that a thunder head had accumulated over the mountain range. It had been clear when I last smoked.This thunder head was the largest nastiest thunderhead I have ever seen. I immediately noticed that there were electrical discharges or impulses happening through out the cloud. the higher up in the cloud the discharges were less and less .My attention was drawn to the base of the cloud ware there was a flurry of discharges. it was absolutely beautiful there were pulsations of every color you can imagine blues greens purples reds browns etc.Suddenly the cloud opened up right ware the discharges were happening. what I saw looked exactly like a roll of aluminum foil the craft had to be 1000 feet x 125 feet it was massive. I only saw it for about 15 seconds witch doesn't sound like a long time but I was making mental notes about what I was seeing the whole time .It had no seems no windows, the sun was glinting of of the upper right quadrant the top of the craft was bright and the bottom was darker there was a line at the meridian of the craft delineating the light and dark. just as you would expect. I saw the left end of the craft the right end went in to the thunderhead. It could have gone another 5 feet or ?.I saw about !000 feet estimate. you can see the geographic references over the mountain.I can show that it went from this point to that point. What I saw was absolutely there. It was not swamp gas or mountain gas or a mirage or an inversion. It was there period. what it was I do not know. We did not go from Kitty Hawk to what I saw in 115 years I would like to know if you have had any similar reports. contact me any time. I just noticed the side bar of things to include #1 washing hands at kitchen sink #2 giant thunderhead #3 A space craft. possibly entering our atmosphere, recharging ? #4 object/ craft was motionless it looked exactly like a roll of aluminum foil out of the box. #5 I felt like I was being allowed to see it this was an overwhelming feeling.(weird) #6 it was re-enveloped by the thunderhead thanks Joel PS. pardon the giant paragraph and poor punctuation .I'm not much of a writer.
