{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-09 18:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488343","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71301","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3061,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/343/mufon-5488343.json","updb_database_id":5488343}
Driving and pulled over ufo was flying in opposite direction once observed changed in opposite direction and was changing shape

I was driving with my wife and young daughter along a long stretch of road not too far from our home on our way to a family members. There was moderate traffic and people walking around and I looked out of my top left corner of my front windscreen and saw a jet black triangular object about the size of a golf ball high in the sky about the height that planes fly I thought it was some kind of plane at first but it was still or almost still in the sky. As soon as I laid eyes on the object began moving in the opposite direction to which I was driving. I then shouted to my wife "look what is that!?" And she could not see it at first and as soon as she spotted it the object instantly changed direction and also at the same time began to morph into different shapes from disc to sphere almost pulsating in between the transformations and began flying along side our vehicle whilst it was still at the same height. I pulled over and got out my phone to record it and it began to hover above my car staying around my area and as I tried to record I hit the picture button I took a picture by accident and I got a picture and as I slid across to change to video mode my screen on my phone went black and my phone was unresponsive for at least 1-2 minutes and when my phone came back on the ufo was no longer in sight. During the sighting me and my wife were very excited and at the same time shocked and amazed close to the end of the sighting we began to feel very dizzy and nausious. I carried on my route to the family members house which led through a wooded area and there was an opening in the trees where my wife then saw a classic flying saucer shaped obect with bright lights and a highly reflective surface the lights were all the way around it I did not see this ufo but when we came to another opening in the trees my wife lost sight of it. At this point my wife was just in absolute shock and she was abit nervous. We then saw a large black or dark plane flying by we were unsure if this was a military plane or not. I have include two pictures of the object one is fully zoomed out and the other is fully zoomed in.
Thanks for your time.
