{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-12 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480343","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79720","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2212,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/343/mufon-5480343.json","updb_database_id":5480343}
Giant triangular craft that came outta a giant flash of light. It made no sound I got out of my car to see it.that's how bright the light was

My girlfriend and I were dropping my 
Brother off in belleville ont.We were on our way back to hastings after dropping my brother off.So everything seemed ok until my girlfriend and I were driving back from belleville. I remember it was late in the night around 10:30-10:45pm we were driving upto the small town of campbellford ont.wich is approx.45 min from Belleville.so as we approached campbellford my girlfriend noticed a very bright light coming from the sky up ahead.she was frightened by it she screamed steve what is that. I look up in the sky and to my amazement these bright lights come breaking through the small clouds and out comes thus triangular object. It's was huge I told my girlfriend lori to pull the car over so we could get a better view of the object as it approaches. So we pull off to the shoulder off the country road and watch this triangle coming through the field. It made no sounds at all totally quiet and it had a spotlight coming from it. It looked like it was scanning for something on the ground? As it came closer I noticed it had 3 light that pulsed in sync with each other.As well as an X on the belly of the craft wit a circle around the X. On the back of the craft it had 20 lights all white. Like in a row.the craft had to be at least 500-1000 ft. Forsure and again it made no sound as it passed by us. Lori and I were in total aww. I know it wasn't a plane my girlfriend knows it wasn't a plane.This was a UFO Real true proof.
