{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-01-01 20:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462343","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98642","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3018,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/343/mufon-5462343.json","updb_database_id":5462343}
{rjl} Huge - approximately size of several football feilds

We just arrived home from eating at Morrisons Cafeteria. This was January 1st, 1970. I still have the drawing I drew as a little girl. While my dad saw it too; he ordered everyone to run instead after we just suddenly descended from the sky. Huge; glowing white with blue and amber lights flashing. The Beam was radiant and brilliant white. But a voice inside my head told me to stay so I remained beside the house foundation and garage making observation. It kept projecting a double triangle with three circles and a line running through them. It was cold that night, however, the heat from the object hoovering; which it stayed put for approximately 3-4 minutes after "it danced" going up and down, swishing side by side in a lightning speed before hoovering and projecting a beam. Then I saw what I thought was my friend, but it was only about 3 and half foot tall, had big black buggy looking eyes, was off-white in flesh color, naked; tiny nose and a slit in mouth. All he said through my brain which I learned years later from Military, that was telepathic communications. That he would be back. I was unafraid; I tried to reach out to touch him but he disappeared in the beam of light. In the beginning was silence; after the beam retracted back into the triangle-like cylinder; it immediately zoomed towards the Gulf of Mexico in a flash. I had a Cinderella Watch my Uncle gave me; that event caused the time to stop and the watch to completely quit working and I just got it as a Christmas Present. (Timex, Cinderella, Wind-up). The time stuck on it was 8:11 PM. After it came and left, my dad told me "Tell no one or the Government would be all over you!" My dad recognized them as he was in US Navy; he told me it was a UFO. This became strange because "I didn't tell anyone" but a few days later after school began; I was confronted by two USAF military personnel who wanted to speak with me. We had kept in touch throughout the years and yes, the UFO / Star People had returned multiple times. If I must add, they are overdue and I'm somewhat expecting their return again. I will have to go up to the attic and pull those aged drawings down; since this is 2019 and the drawing I made was 1970. Once contacted, I will provide the drawings and image of the person I had "communication" with. I still have a triangle mark on my right wrist from that event.
