{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483343","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76566","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2931,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/343/mufon-5483343.json","updb_database_id":5483343}
10pm UK time...I witnessed multiple glowing objects launch over Essex and follow the same trajectory, except the last one. Possibly missiles.

At 10pm UK time, I went into the garden at my home address to let my dog do his thing. Out of the corner of my eye I noticed a glowing movement in the sky. I looked, expecting to see a commercial plane or such like and instead caught sight of approximately 3 fast moving objects with an orange flickering aura, which appeared to be launching from the North of Essex. These were followed by 3 more almost immediately. They looked like fireworks being launched consecutively with approximately 2 second intervals in between, except they made almost no noise. The noise that I could hear though sounded like the very distant sound of and afterburner, that you might hear on a larger jet engine.
After about a 30-40 seconds of staring in disbelief, I ran to the back door and called to my Grandfather to come and take a look. At this point I had all kinds of thoughts racing through my mind but I needed someone to confirm that I wasn't imaging this.
As he came out to take a look, 2-3 of the same objects had also taken to the skies, following exactly the same path as the first 6. All except the last one. It had a appeared to be moving in a more south-westerly direction and appeared to be launching later than the others, as well as being larger, slightly slower moving and with a more firey aura.
Both my Grandfather and I felt a little uneasy. I explained that I believed them to be missles and suggested why they might be in the sky. The only rational explanations I could think of was that we were under some kind of terrorist attack and these were being fired as some kind of deterrent or as an interception response to something very bad.
All of the objects appeared to just vanish at their highest point, and without any sign of an explosion or collision. I'm no expert but I summarised that if they were missles, it was as if they run out of fuel and missed their target.
I can't think what else they could have been. They travelled at a similar speed to what you might see a high altitude jet achieve.
After the event was over, I searched for some news about it on the Web, hoping to find an explanation and when I found nothing, I searched for a way to report the event and found this website.
