{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-01 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468343","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92229","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4835,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/343/mufon-5468343.json","updb_database_id":5468343}
{rjl} A flying metallic dumbbell shaped object

One afternoon, during the month of September 2010, my family and I returned home after purchasing groceries. We arrived back at the house about 5 pm. 

My son, age 7, got out of the car first. As I was exiting the car, he pointed up into the sky at a low angle and asked, "what kind of plane is that, dad?"

I turned to look in the direction in which he was pointing. Low in the North East sky was a very slow moving metallic, almost silver, object. It was in level flight and seemed to be shaped like a dumb-bell. The center portion was very "thick" (not slender), and the "ends" were flattened circles... very much like an actual set of bar-bells used for lifting weights.

Its exterior surface was not highly polished, but appeared "silver" and there was no glare of sunlight reflecting on its surface. We watched it fly for a short time, briefly discussing it as we watched it.

It did not appear to have wings and its overall appearance was distinct and solid, unlike a cloud. It travelled very slowly towards the North West, basically towards the setting sun. In size comparison, it was slightly smaller than my thumbnail when viewed at arm's length.

Using a stardard commercial plane as comparison, which is the approximate size I took the object to be, the object seemed to be flying less than one mile away and was travelling at an altitude of perhaps 2000 feet or so. I have little experience with making such observations, so these are my best guesses, based on the object's apparent size.

It was close enough to distinguish that it was very unlike an airplane in appearance. I believe that drones and other such small remote control flying devices were very uncommon commercially back in 2010, especially in rural Tennessee.

We live out in the country, and have never seen commercial airplanes fly that low or close.

It didn't actually seem to be moving except when its position was noted in relative position to trees and other objects on the ground. For it to be as "large/close" as it appeared, I am unsure how it had sufficient speed to maintain flight (if it had been a conventional winged aircraft).

There was no sound heard, but that could have been due to its distance from us and weather/wind conditions. There was no exhaust or trail behind it as it flew.

I could not see any markings, windows, or any distinguishing features. There were no lights that I noticed, but it was daytime when this was seen.

It flew "sideways", with one "end" at the front and the other "end" at the rear. It maintained that flying position the entire time. Being in the air it did not have any glare or reflection on it from the afternoon sun. It never seemed to gain altitude. It seemed to maintain level horizontal flight the entire time. Because of these two factors, I'm inclined to rule out a balloon, which would probably gain altitude over time and would turn/tumble as it floated.

At no time was our view of the object obstructed by trees, except right at the very end when it was disappearing from view in the distance. We remained standing near our car the entire time.

The sky was clear. Almost no clouds whatsoever were visible, and those that were, were very high and faint/thin. We saw no other objects during this sighting, airplanes, helicopters or otherwise.

There was no unusual phenomena noted. No glows. No entities. Nothing spectacular or seemingly extraterrestrial. 

My wife went inside almost immediately to begin taking in groceries. Our daughter didn't show any interest in the object and went inside almost at the very start of the sighting.

In discussing this object with my son recently, and "recreating" the sighting outside where we initially stood, we timed the "recreation" and both agree that it lasted right about 2 minutes.

Due to the simplicity of the object and my plain curiosity of it, I never thought to take pictures or video with my cellphone, which was in my pants pocket. Perhaps if the incident had been more "AMAZING" I would have thought to photograph it.

Other than its incredibly slow speed and its very unusual shape, I would say it was a very low flying airplane of some sort.
