{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-09 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520343","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36226","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2943,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/343/mufon-5520343.json","updb_database_id":5520343}
Lg Reddish Sphere rose slowly over ridge then moved slowly south west

On 2/9/2012 I was skywatching from the patio outside my room on the rim of Airport Mesa in Sedona Az.
At approx 11:30 pm I observed an irregularly shaded dim red sphere slowly rise just to the east of Mingus, in back of the Chimney formation. Sorry don't know the local name for it. The sphere rose at about the same speed as a star or planet would, at first I thought that it was just that, but it was out of place and too large. The object stopped its ascent at a very low altitude, then very smoothly and continuing on same speed began to move S/W directly above the Mingus ridge line. It was at that moment I knew this was not a natural event.  I estimate that it took approx 3 to 4 mins to rise and then several more to travel across the mountain. Approx 10 minutes total. When it traveled out of sight I moved to the South side of the property but could not see it any longer due to obstacles in my line of sight.

My attention was drawn by the size of the object which was larger than anything else in the sky, and the coloration. Dim red to dark, uneven coloration which looked transparent in places and glowing, more on one side then the other. The movement was very controlled and seemed to be intentional. I will send another pic as well of a different object that I do not remember seeing but was taken the same night as the first just a moment after.

The pics were taken with a Canon G9 and are unaltered in any way. The date stamps are not correct.  The images have some interesting details when blown up in size. There is what looks like a triangular shape in the middle of the red one.  Ill send one of the Mingus site in daylight too. According to Google Earth this thing was at least 50 miles away....wow...

Thats it I guess, really curious. It would be great to hear back.

Thanks
