{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-12 09:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499343","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59796","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4446,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/343/mufon-5499343.json","updb_database_id":5499343}
{nd} Had a blue light blinking in the back, three white lights with gaps the same size as the lights in between, red light blinking in front. Moved very slow in my opinion. Possible failed abduction that night too.

At around 9:50 pm I was in my front yard with my husband. Due to not wanting to reveal myself, as others were present, much is left out now. I had to move towards my house a bit to see it and no one acted as though they saw it nor me looking at it. The gap that was visible for me to see it in is about an inch to an inch and a half wide at arms length. After a minute of watching it, it only reached half way before going behind a cloud. I then stopped trying to watch it as I didn't want to discuss it with my neighbors present. So we watched TV till 12am and went to bed. At about 2:30am 9/13/14 I was rudely waken from an unusual dream but nothing scary as I felt like someone was trying to pull me out of my bed. A cold front blew in last night and I was freezing all night and wrapped up in my covers. I started trying to scream and could hear myself trying but nothing was coming out. I felt my body being slowly rolled toward the edge as I was facing my husband and the covers gradually tightening around my body as though this thing was trying to take me with my covers and like my husband was holding the covers on his side preventing me from being taken. I reached out to wake my husband feeling as though I wasn't really moving my arm but I did and I hit his pillow. At this moment it all stopped and I saw three solid balls of light in sequence move to my ceiling near a window. (Green then blue and final being red) I hit his pillow again and he woke up. I began to feel embarrassed but asked him if he sees any lights. He said no and I asked again, "You didn't see any balls of light near the ceiling?". He said no again. At this time I was still seeing light residue through out my room. I got up, went to the bathroom then went to the kitchen and looked at the time to see if I could take some decongestant. So I took two and went back to bed. I continued with the same dream and woke up often after that but continuing with the same dream each time I fell back to sleep. I saw no one in my room and heard no one in my room. My dog likes to sleep on my side but this night we made him sleep in his bed due to his acting like he was going to throw up. He didn't react to anything either. I seriously want to remain anonymous due to the growing number of my sightings and I don't want to become the towns circus show. About 6 months ago, I woke up with my clothes in an odd position. I felt that someone convinced me to move them. I tried to let it go but then went outside to feed my animals and found my pond was plugged in. I had gone out several times the night before and I know that it wasn't on. Even though it seemed crazy, it felt as though someone had come into my room that morning and then sat out on my porch and plugged my waterfall in to let me know that I was not imagining this. Even though I couldn't even prove this to myself, I insisted that my husband bring home chain locks, then if someone entered, there would be proof as he would have to tear up the door to get in. Nothing else happened till today. About two years ago, I woke to use the rest room and felt like I had been laying on a machine or strapped to one. I could feel bar like impressions on both shoulders and running down my back in straight lines. They were not visible but felt like they were matching in length and width, feeling like an inch wide and running down to my waist line. I went back to bed and the next morning I could still feel the impressions on my body. I felt that if it was from a dream that after returning to sleep and waking back up that I would not continue feeling them, but I did. So yeah, I'm starting to feel crazy.
