{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-08-21 03:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482343","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77624","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2471,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/343/mufon-5482343.json","updb_database_id":5482343}
{cak} Low and slow cruising chevron

I was at a friends house over night hanging out, a few blocks North of downtown, and we stayed up all night playing video games. I stepped outside in the back yard to catch the breeze. He has a picnic table so I lied down on the table top and looked up the stars for a few minutes, saw a shooting star go from SE to NW and kept looking up hoping to see more when it happened. At 3:23 a.m. I noticed 5 dim, non blinking, yellow lights, in a V pattern, moving over the top of a tree headed due south toward downtown. I jumped off the table wondering what the hell it could be, looked at my phone for the time, and stood there watching. It flew DIRECTLY over me at what I guess was 300-350 feet altitude! Just slightly higher than the top of the tallest building in town, which is where it was headed. That's when I could see the outline of the craft against the black sky. The stars were clearly visible between the prongs of the V but not the lights, so it was, in fact, one single chevron craft. It made no noise. I lost sight of it about 15 seconds after contact, when it flew behind a tree and into the light coming from the downtown area. I was startled to see it but not scared. I waited around a few minutes before going in and telling my friend, who went out for a while to see if he could spot something. I have always since seeing it thought it to be a secretive U.S.A.F. stealth aerospace craft that was conducting a test to see if its noticeable at low altitudes. If I had not been looking up and the lights weren't on, I wouldn't notice it. I'm sure they fly around with no lights on alot and go unnoticed. Absolutely silent. 

I have another very close sighting in Abilene that was definitely not ours, and the neighbor kids saw it too and screamed, but can't remember the exact date, first week of March 2015. I'll be posting that soon.
