{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-03-04 03:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477343","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82816","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3555,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/343/mufon-5477343.json","updb_database_id":5477343}
{rjl} watched the orb lift off and exit as the sun came up, me and brother witnessed from 2 different positions

Frequently observe these orbs. decided to put out game cams. we were astonished that the cam caught the orb via motion and once we zoomed in on the picture and adjusted the picture with basic contrast adjustments we were amazed. around 6 people have observed this orb phenomena over the last six months. the object typically hovers for approximately 15-20 minutes and disappears. this sighting happens on our sheep farm usually around midnight to 6 am.
The first time this was observed was around Sept 2016. Several farm hands noticed two orbs floating in the pasture. the evening was very quiet. two orbs floated back and forth appx 100 yards away from the observers. My brother yelled "hey!, who's out there and whats your business here?", the orbs stopped moving and sticks could be heard breaking as they exited on the backside of our main pasture; mind you, all our sheep are locked up in a barn at night. my farm hands stood there watching the object(s) daring each other to go down there. there's no way it was an sheep or deer moving about. the two orbs exited the property to the east and disappeared.

There have been various other "pop-up" occurances between then and present day. We typically watch it from the top of the pasture and typically it goes away.

One morning in Jan 2017 the orb had 'woke up' all our farm animals; we went outside the house and walked towards the barn; all the animals were nervous and 'vocal'; making noise like a predator was near or someone they didn't know; we walked to the barn and watched the 'single' orb this time just hovering around 4-6' off the ground; appx 80 yards facing south from our perspective.

During the last observance this March (2017); we had the game cam setup and captured those images; i tried driving my truck to the opposite side from my brothers viewpoint. after watching and talking to my brother via facetime video; the object took off and hovered over the home location and disappeared.

I was reluctant to post this b/c i don't want any attention brought to my farm or family; im a local public official and wish to remain anonymouse but would be interested in talking to a field investigator.
