{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490626","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68954","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3834,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/626/mufon-5490626.json","updb_database_id":5490626}
{nd} friend and i saw light come from behind cloud. when craft came closer i saw entities in the window.

we are not really sure if it was april or may of 1982, but my friend and i left his farm in chatham, ohio traveling east on river styx road (a country road which parallels busy route 18). my friend knows the road names and distances better than i do and would be willing to tell you his memory of this event.

i think it was about 7 pm but could have been earlier. we had been picnicking all day at the farm. my sister and her husband had taken my daughter home with them and we stayed to clean up and were on our way to pick her up when we saw the UFO.

it was a clear night. we had the sun roof open and both noticed a real bright light in front of us, behind the only cloud in the sky. we were headed east and there was supposed to be a full moon (or near full) that night so right away we thought it was the moon rising from behind the cloud. then we looked a little to the right and there was the moon. so then we thought it was a plane's head lights as it was coming up but then we realized that it was hovering so we thought it was a spotlight from a helicopter. 

he had me turn off the car. it was perfectly silent,so we knew it was not a helicopter. he got out (i was driving, i stayed behind the wheel). he walked over to my window. as he stood there, the craft made a rapid movement to my left (north i guess). i mean, in a blink of an eye it was hovering above the trees. it looked like the size of a golf ball in the sky but my friend said it could have been a mile away so was probably very, very big.

i saw a silvery craft that looked like two saucers put together at the rims with a gap where the rims join to make room for a row of windows. there were white lights and red lights on the top and bottom of the craft. some were stationary and some lights were moving or blinking. 

my friend and i agree on most of the memory. this is the part he doesn't remember: i saw three "people" standing at the windows. they had big heads and long arms but it was not close enough to see detail like faces. 

then the craft - in a blink of an eye - zipped to the right and hovered for seconds or a minute then zipped back to where it was for seconds or a minute then zipped northeast in the blink of any eye and was gone.

when it was gone i think we said "did you see what i saw?" i don't know how long all this took. my guess is 10-15 minutes but when we got to my sister's i think she said we were 45 minutes "late". for several days we could hardly believe it happened, but seeing it together made it real.

this was my one and only UFO experience. i did not tell anyone for many years. in the mid-90's when i did tell some people i was ridiculed and realized it would adversely affect my credibility, so i hardly told anyone else till now. I was watching a UFO show and there was a story about people who had an experience and did not tell till now because of ridicule. what spurred me on was that the show said maybe someone else saw something that night. 

this was not my friend's first experience. i think it was his third. he would be willing to tell you but he is in his 80's and does not use computer.
