{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-07-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512626","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45686","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":10448,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/626/mufon-5512626.json","updb_database_id":5512626}
Botched possible abduction or meeting point

In this recollection I am about 18 or 19 in 1989, originally recorded this to send to a friend in 2012. Now this is becoming written text because of Lloyd Pye's discovery with his star child brain scan, which was on TV with George Noory. I have to agree with the eyes being totally all pupil, as I have seen it in action. Having confessed to seeing star child in action, what some might call a gray. I thought it was now time clean out parts of my closet. Letting people in on some facts that do not seem to get into the so called UFO literature.

So this one fragment of memory comes back to me while in bed watching part of a program series on my computer in my bedroom. Not some thing I typically do as I don't like TV, but that just happened to be the case when the memory comes back to me. It's spring 2012 and more than 20 plus years ago I botched a pick up point some how, on the highway with no one else there to see and it starts like this.

I was driving past the local jail, on my left heading East out of Kenora ON, facing the open field that rolled up in the distance into the wonderful tree line. I believe that was the Hertz property, it was a beautiful piece of property as you came around the corner, it always looked very nice. But of course not much to see in the darkened night, but that's the direction I am facing when I see a white light up in the sky, and it appears to be a good distance away. Can't really tell but, it does not behave like a normal air plane. So it's a curiosity I can't nail it down exactly, but it got my attention.

Okay, so speeding up around this corner was typical of the locals at that time, because it went to 90km/hour shortly after. Not any more but at that time you could hit 90km/hour just around this right turn corner. I start speeding up to 110km/hour as it was the nice warm vibration speed that my Ford (1984 F100 straight 6) truck happened to run at rather nicely. Depending on the season and what the temperature was naturally, after all Canadian weather is what it is.

So away I go heading home, it's another 15 minutes roughly to get home. So just a few kilometres before home. I'm travelling parallel to the local dump (longbow lake dump) which is on my left, and I start heading down hill. Just starting to come around the right turn corner and facing what used to be called Trilake Timber. Everything up to this point is a typical quiet ride home with no other cars to be seen.
My door handle rattles and it catches me off guard. It's a sound you know only happens when your sitting still, when someone let's themselves in or out. So I am thinking what the hell! I look over to the left and I see a face tucked in behind my driver side mirror, as if to get a good look at me. It was only there for a moment and then it's gone like it was never there.

I know what I saw, and fear kicked in like a hypnotic trigger from the door handle sound and I panicked! I locked my door as fast as I could then I reached over to locked the passenger side door. And of course I am still moving, so as I straighten myself up quick. Thus making sure that I am not crossing the lines on this old highway. Because there were no shoulders on this highway, and not a lot of room to breath. But as I stare out onto the highway, in my head lights. Shadows and every thing, and this entity is standing in the middle of my side of the road. It's eyes become visibly very red as they are very big reflecting back at me. Not like blue or red of your typical animal but much larger. The so called local natives say you ran into a demon, but not being a religious person I knew better. Eyes that are all pupil really do reflect back as if the eyes are on fire! Time begins to slow down, my fight and flight mechanism is fully on, and I am telling myself I am NOT doing hand to hand combat with any thing that can out run a truck at 110 km/hour! Basically this entity moves like a blur and does not even seem to break a sweat.

I notice I have plenty of time to stop, because this being has gauged my distance and speed. I mean this is no stupid animal about to become a road kill. The thing is, I look at the entity that is wearing absolutely nothing, but what looks like a trench coat with hood that is seriously oversized. It floats around it's skin at a even distance. Like the way a cat would puff itself up and hold it's ground. I see this skinny like humanoid who appears to have no obvious sexual orientation physically, with it's small face and large head. And so looking bigger than it really is, and standing about 5' 51 at the most. If you were there to see it from behind you would assume it was a large man, and the mind might fill in the blanks as to why you might not remember the skinny legs and bear feet. The head lights might be bright enough that someone else seeing this would just see the large upper body. But from the front it was a telling story visually.

Then it accesses my mind visually, and tried to over ride what I am seeing. And this was nothing like any visual memory experience or any thing I had seen before. Being a lucid dreamer in my very young youth, I knew the visual land scape pretty well, and so this grabbed my attention. It was reinforcing itself as real, with parts of my visual mind mapping over top of it, and that memory loop didn't quite work. It really wanted me to stop the truck now! But I could still see what it really looked like.
I took this challenge by assuming that it's can not be real. I have no choice I have to prove it's not real. Immediately deciding that I am going head to head, which I didn't want to do. I kept on track with the entity in my path and didn't swerve. I was scared enough that I just basically kept right in the lines. I followed the exact lines and curbing of the road. I didn't speed up or slow down.
So on this path, this proving ground, is turning out to be a mental panic fast. I am running out of time to stop and too close to turn away, impact is imminent. And I realize that even if it survives coming threw the windshield. I will likely still have a problem to deal with. Because this being just moves to dam fast, how do I tackle this problem?

So, all of a sudden I find myself too late to do any thing. As I impact the entity, I tuck in behind the left side wood and chromed steel steering wheel. I try to get out of the way, of where the body might come threw the windshield. I hear the impact but the body doesn't come threw, sounds pass over top of the cab and the 1/2 tone box that has no tail gate. I find the cab is intact, I look around in amazement that every thing seems okay. No damaged hood or any thing like that.
I look back in my review mirror expecting to see a body, thinking oh my goodness. So I lightly feather my breaks, because on this vehicle you could. You could actually trigger the lights to come on to see what's behind without actually breaking. These were not electronic breaks so this was handy. Yes I could see it standing unhurt, watching me drive away. I don't know what to say, I was incredibly pleased that it wasn't hurt but at the same time my brain is thinking what the hell is all this about. It is real!

Next thing I know it blurs past me again, the same issue arises. This is the same chicken game about to happen again, it's has an ability to go over the vehicle with out much effort. It's almost like it slowed down time and bent space by crawled over with ease. I just heard it passing over the hood and such in a different time frame. I'm perceiving from one time frame and it's making this whole situation look like silly putty, it was absolutely mind blowing!
So my brain is saying, why is this game continuing? We are on the 2nd run here and we do this over and over. Some where in-between 3rd and 4th crash run, I am an emotional wreck. I don't want to play this game any more. It feels like an insanity test to see how much a young man can handle of war, before he basically pulls over and pulls out the white flag. I am in-between laughing and crying, it's an emotional madness that comes over me. Nothing I can do after doing this a few times can actually help it end. It's my opponent that has the opportunity to end it, that's how I feel about it at the time. I am not playing by the rules, so it's not letting me learn my lesson easy. In short I just wanted the test to end, for some reason the being seemed to think I would come to my senses and stop. But I don't know what to think when fear is running so high, it's as if I killed a man and the only way out was to buy time to think, thus hide the body but the problem wasn't that simple.

So after the last head on crash ended, on this stretch of highway I start to go down hill around the left corner. Now I only have a few more kilometres before I get home, then I can pretend this never happened. Which is wonderful, this is what I am telling myself, because I am almost out of the loop here. Because as I go down the hill, it decided to stop playing cat and mouse. The entity stayed up on the hill, watching me drive down and straight out. And I thought wow - okay, lets get out of here, this is pretty spooky. So of course I get home and I pull up, it's a big yard at the motel. I am very in-tune with the wild life and every thing at night. I quietly make my way around the motel to the house, listening to absolutely everything. I am now as spooked as the local white tail deer. I used to spend a lot of time not trying to scare the animals at night. So now I am the scared animal try to get home. And I do this as quietly as I can. I still had the same gracefulness to glide in and not wake up the family dog. I also managed to fall asleep incredibly quick, but beyond that things get foggy again.

http://goo.gl/maps/Ilm5O
