{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-21 19:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284626","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118791","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2601,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/626/mufon-5284626.json","updb_database_id":5284626}
Large UFO Hovering near Oil Rigs in ocean near Gulf Shores, AL.

My husband and I were staying in a beach house on Fish House road in Gulf Shores Alabama. At approximately 7:12 pm on 10/21/2021, we were on the deck looking out over the ocean at the stars. The day had been partially cloudy but the skies had cleared during the evening. We decided to come in to pack up for our trip home the next morning. I was in the bedroom packing when I heard my husband yelling, “Whoa!” over and over. I ran into the main room and looked out of the sliding doors and witnessed a bar of lights. There were about 4-5 lights with other smaller detached lights surrounding it. I ran to grab my phone but by the time I started recording, the bigger bar of lights had faded leaving only the ones you can see in the video. This was hovering over the Gulf in close proximity to the 4-5 oil rigs visible from our beach house. The first half-second of the video is the most compelling as you can witness one of the small lights zip off to the right of the screen. In the video, you can also hear me say we’ve been looking at the sky for three days but I meant to continue with, “but there has been nothing like this here.”  The video shows 8:12 pm but this is Chattanooga, TN time. The time was 7:12 pm Gulf Shores time because I texted my son immediately afterward and checked the time to be sure there hadn’t been any time lapses. The lights in the sky were silent. This was not a plane because about 30 minutes later a plane flew over. The plane sounded like a typical plane, it crossed the sky at a steady pace with the typical flashing airplane lights. The “UFO” was 100 times larger in comparison to the plane and didn’t move like a plane. In addition, I see on the list that something similar was reported on Dauphin Island, AL, the same date and time, just a few miles down the beach from Gulf Shores.
