{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-12-06 21:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459283","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102227","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3180,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/283/mufon-5459283.json","updb_database_id":5459283}
{cak} Prisoner Sights UFO

My, name is Kevin and for over 10 years I have kept this to my self and have never told anyone till now! 

On Dec.6th 2006 I was at Foothills Correctional Facility and at the time I was serving a 24 year sentence for 2nd degree murder (I did not do the crime a co-defendant did) and while at this facility I was in a rehabilitation program for gang members. On this particular night I was in my cell and how ironic I was listening to Coast to Coast am and out of the corner of my eye I saw a light coming towards the building at first I thought it was an airplane because there's an airport near by, but something told me to look and I had looked out what small window I had to look out of, of a light coming over the trees I said to my self that's to low for an air plane unless it was about to crash then I said helicopter and then I noticed there was no noise coming from it at all. It like floated over the tree tops just high enough to clear the top of the prison I was in which it was at least a 5 story building. So as looking at this object coming at a slow pace it was bright like how a star would be but that was not the shape of it I could not tell the shape of it because it was that bright. As it got closer it appeared to have windows on the side and as I looked hard to see if there was any one in side I saw 4 type beings at the window of the craft looking out. I said to my self no way there's no way I just witnessed a UFO. So I tried to shove it out of my mind but I felt scared and I am a type of person who does not get scared at anything so to speak. I have been out of prison for two years now and just got the guts to tell this, the reason why I have never told this to anyone is because I felt like I would have been deemed a crazy a lunatic so to speak. I do not know if any one else has reported seeing anything at that date in questioned but I do know I saw what I saw. I now live in Arkansas and been having some health issues, but I do not know if was a direct cause because of this sighting so many years back, but I do know my health is not good, maybe it's just Karma catching up to me who knows. But I just wanted to tell my story and hope it sheds some light or at least have someone look in to if there was any other reports around that time, just to put my mind at rest to let me know I am not crazy.

Thank you for reading my story and I hope that other people would be more forthcoming about things like this.
                                         Sincerely,
                                          Kevin G.
