{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-08 12:46:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490283","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69309","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5006,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/283/mufon-5490283.json","updb_database_id":5490283}
{cak} Pictures of a sun halo reveal orbs.

We were on the beach at the Jersey Shore near Lavallette, NJ. It was 1:48 pm Eastern Time but my camera is set at CDT. Several people were looking up at the sky. A full circular rainbow was around the sun. It was quite beautiful. No one had ever seen one before. (I looked it up later...a sun halo caused by ice crystals in the atmosphere, I think.) 

We grabbed our cameras hoping to take a picture of the circular rainbow. Of course, it was difficult and we laughed about shooting directly at the sun. With squinty eyes I took a series of 11 shots over a two minute, 6 second period. Glancing at my camera screen (so bright out), it was hard to see if I could 'capture the full rainbow' so I took the shots hoping to catch the bottom of it, the top of it, and hopefully a shot of the full circle. It was quite random. My friend and I discussed it...figuring the shots wouldn't even turn out thinking the sunlight would glare over the pictures. (My camera: Sony DSC RX100. Aperture: f/8. Lens: Sony 28-100mm F1.8-4.9. Focal length 10.4mm. Shutter speed: 1/1250-1600. Flash did not flare...auto mode. Auto white balance. Landscape mode, auto exposure.)

When we got back to the house, we pulled out our cameras...I noticed blue orbs on my pics and figured they were glares, camera lens dirt, reflections or whatever. Then, my friend said they were on his pictures as well. Initially, there was a bit of silence and disbelief--particularly because my pictures showed the orbs and 'blue light with a trail' in different locations between shots. None of us saw anything when we took the pictures because, naturally, we couldn't look up directly at the sun.

When I came back to Tulsa, I loaded the pictures onto my Macbook Pro. I am fascinated by the blue lights. Then, I decided to adjust the pics to see if anything would become clearer or more distinct. I adjusted (increased) the following: contrast, black point, definition, highlights, shadows, saturation, vibrancy. Essentially, just 'pushed them to the limit' to see if anything would show up more clearly. 

That's when I became overwhelmed: three distinct spots...one larger with a trail, one colored orb and another different colored orb. In different locations between shots. The contrail left by the jet that had flown by earlier gave us a reference point. These photos just don't make any sense to me. The 11 photos don't show any semblance of 'sequence' of movement...the orbs appear in different locations between the photos. It's easy to determine the difference between the clouds present and the orbs. We can't figure out what they are. Just an anomaly? Something real? Light reflections? Sure would like to know more!

I have the original digital photos protected in their original form on my computer as well. The photos I'm sending in are the enhanced versions that clearly show several orbs in different locations. The pictures are in sequence of when they were taken. Number 18 is omitted because it was taken 5 seconds after number 17 and showed the same phenomenon...and I see I can only attach 10 photos. Ironically, photo number 15 is the only one I got with the 'full circle halo' and oddly, it's the only one without any orbs showing up. Number 22 is the most distinct. 

Thank you.
