{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-08 19:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507283","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51426","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4010,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/283/mufon-5507283.json","updb_database_id":5507283}
Clear Evening, Large Plane Shaped

Well, I believe I saw my first unidentified object in the Winnipeg sky (dare I say UFO??) & it was heading north, crossing Portage Avenue, between Cavalier Drive and David Street. It was not simply a bright ball in the sky, BUT a larger plane-like craft (with what appeared to be short and wide wings) and the ENTIRE thing was so glowing Red-Orange like hot molten metal emitting flames, with no noise, and low enough that you knew it was unlikely any of the the following - commercial plane; helicopter; air balloon; flares; meteorite, and it moved north-westward and appeared parallel to the ground (not ascending or descending). I was about 1.5 blocks away from my home, walking northward in a business parking lot, just off Portage/Bedson Street at 7:42pm (CST). There was a nurse-aide who had just left her workplace and was heading to her parked vehicle - when she yell out loud to me twice ''What is that!'' She pointed above, and I looked upward, and just above to my right side was a large brilliantly illuminated plane-shaped craft that was like nothing I could simply imagine. It was moving north-west (Winnipeg James A. Richardson International Airport, CFB Winnipeg Airport and St Andrews Airport are all north-east of my location and the craft). The two of us just stopped in the lot, looking up at the object/craft to watch in shock and awe, then wondering what the object was going to do next, as it appeared to hover for a few seconds, and then it slowly continued it's path. There was NO plane exhaust and NO appearance of any aviation navigation flashing lights to signify a plane or helicopter in flight. The craft appeared like it had solid and defined framing, yet the centre oblong shaped capsule actually looked unworldly translucent with glittering sparkles. The appearance I can describe - like the entire craft was an inferno of red-orange molten metal on the exterior along with fuzzy flames emitting the entire perimeter of its frame, with the capsule's translucent visual appearance both with many hundreds of white diamond glitter sparkles, and red flickering fire-embers. I cannot fully speak for the other woman, but I suspect she felt much like I did, realizing what we saw could not possibly be of this world. Within 1.5 to 2 minutes after we saw the object, it had moved in its path approximately 2 or 3 city blocks away, when we last witnessed the object go beyond a couple of 3-level condo blocks, before it was out of sight. The nurse was going to drive several blocks north-westward to see if the craft would be in view again, also thinking the object may be close to a couple of schools approximately 5 to 6 city blocks away. As I continued my walk home, I saw approximately 6 elementary aged kids playing in my condo's courtyard along with a couple of concerned parents who had just stepped outdoors, as the children were so excited to witness what I saw. I decided not to approach them as I was not sure how much information to share as to what I observed - not wanting to put fear into the mothers, or their children. I did ask a friend you lives a bit north-west of me earlier today, and she was indoors before 7:30 pm last evening and did not see anything unusual. I also spoke to my uncle this evening about my experience, and he worked on Boeing aircraft for 30+ years, and he considers the object to be very unlikely a commercial aircraft.
