{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-12-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472283","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88144","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2491,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/283/mufon-5472283.json","updb_database_id":5472283}
Huge black craft, pulsating, felt sick. Hovered then slowly moved off, blacked out

I awoke standing in back yard. Large craft was nearly directly above my head. It moved off slowly. It made pulsating noise. I felt sick like dizzy, nausea as it began to move off. I blacked out. I woke up inside my house. Sightings are not a big deal to me. I have seen the crafts a few times. Its the abductions that I have concerns about. All of my life these things have happened to me but nobody ever believes me. They treat me as if Im crazy. No, Im not a cop, preacher, nor politician but that doesn`t make my case any less real. Since I was a child these things have been happening to me. My mom and dad would come into my room as I sat up in my bed crying without having any clue as to why. Bad dreams, they would ask. No, it was not bad dreams. I would awaken with the craziest feeling in my head. The main thing I remember is the intense pulsating and the paralysation. I am grown now so the fear has diminished quite a bit and has been replaced with curiosity. What do they want? Why will they not let me meet them? I mean sure, I can see it being scary as ever to wake up looking at an alien of some sort but I want to know what they want. I caught a glimpse out of the corner of my eye once about two years ago and there it stood but vanished in an instance. I remember wrinkled features on its face and it was about 4 and a half to five feet tall. Not green but actually pale skinned. Not giant bug eyes but just larger eyes.  I have even sent a portion of my journal to Mufon but even they ignore me. I wish I could be hypnotised as so many others have been because I guarantee you that they will know the truth of the matter at that point. Honestly this sighting is from a year ago and I have not been bothered for quite a while. But it only makes me more anxious, waiting for the next time it happens.
