{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-01 22:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504283","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54612","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4617,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/283/mufon-5504283.json","updb_database_id":5504283}
{cak} star like appearance but shooting lights out from it

I was lying in bed around 10pm when I saw the star like object hovering above tree line south of my house. It would have these white lights that would shoot out of it really fast. It was not constant but did it off and on for around 30 min. My fianc1 called to say she was on her way over to my house when I told her she was missing one hell of a light show. She came over and looked at the object from my bedroom (french doors) facing the south, and said it looked like a bright star. It stopped shooting things (these bright lights out of it really fast) after she got there. After around 30 minutes she saw it shoot 2 of these fast lights or objects from it. She layed there watching it to see if it was going to fly away or disappear for approx an hour and a half and then she fell asleep. It wasn't there the next morning. We don't know what these white lights or objects are that it was emitting but they were shooting out of the star like object super fast. You couldn't see any type of shape. The object was hovering near a barn that had a security light, water, electric and a pond that was north between the object and my house. It was larger than the security light and above the trees. it just look like a super bright star and larger than a normal light on a security pole.
The streaks of light we have captured on the game cameras are going super fast and we have wondered if the streaks of light that this ufo was omitting is related to what we catch on the game cameras on a regular basis.

We have also been ask to report the ORB we witnessed in Oct. My fianc1 had purchased a new pickup that had a lot of new gadgets on it and that night we were parked in front of my house and were trying to figure out what all the pickups options were and how they worked. I punched the bed light to show her how it worked and how well it lit up the pickup bed then I punched the pickup bed camera to show her how it worked when we both saw this floating round object kind of bouncing around in the bed of the pickup. It was light and round and I'd guess it to be smaller in size than a soccer ball. It bounced around then went up and out of the pickup bed and was gone from sight. We both were stunned and shocked at this. If I need to report this on a separate report I can.

I also think you wanted me to report the time I was working in my shop and I saw a flash of light outside my shop window. I didn't think it was supposed to storm and thought it was a lighting flash so I stuck my head out the door near the winnow to look and see if there was a storm coming up and two steaks of light zoomed by me. They were going to fast I couldn't make out any form or shape to them. They were again, white streaks of light going extremely fast.

Thanks and maybe someday we will know what it going on and what these things are. We don't have a picture of these or the UFO (star like appearance ) that was emitting fast streaks of light. I have a lot of pictures of other very weird streaks of light my game camera has caught as well as many fog like things. I'll attach more pic's of things that were on last weeks sd card (in game camera) that I have mounted on my front porch.
The unknown objects in the sky you have to enlarge a lot to see. The one that shows something in the trees I noticed by looking through several pictures and noticed something different when flipping through the pics fast. It is a darker spot between some tree limbs. I'll send the two pics again so you can look at one then the next and maybe you can see what I'm talking about.
