{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-10 22:44:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500283","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58831","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2636,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/283/mufon-5500283.json","updb_database_id":5500283}
{cak} Steady Glowing orange light

I Had let my Dogs out into the back yard, and as i stepped out on the deck i noticed this bright Orange light just above the fence, I wondered what star it was so I went back in the house to get my phone to look it up on my star map app. That's when I observed the object start to move. It headed north for about ten seconds or so and slowed to a stop. This immediately caught my attention cause it flew odd. I Moved to the end of the deck to get a better look, To see if i could see any strobes or navigation lights, witch i could not. The object then without turning or banking reversed its direction to the south south east over the top of the San Lorenzo Library. It continued this path (past the house) then as it was just about over Pasao Padre it assumed a more easterly course. At this time i attempted to take a picture with my cell phone (At 10:44 and 36 seconds Pacific standard time). After the Camera flash the object was just gone. Unfortunately the only image I got was an orange smudge. 5-10 minutes after the sighting 2 helicopters showed up in the approximately same place i saw the object. One hovered there for a while and the other flew of to the south east along the 880 freeway. But Seeing as Hayward Airport is just south of here that's not unusual. 
I Am Very familiar with aircraft. I'm a graduate of Sierra academy of aeronautics. I Had Both my air-frame and power-plant Licenses. I also live in the landing approach to the Oakland Airport. In Sight of the Oakland stadium. I can say unequivocally, It wasn't a plane, Wasn't a helicopter, it wasn't a blimp. It wasn't A tilt rotor like the one that was landing in Oakland last week. And Satellites and meteorites don't change direction.
The experience was ODD. I actually came in and talked about it on Facebook. I've been unable to get to sleep and have looked out several times tonight but I haven't seen it. I'm just curious as to what it was, and if anyone else saw it. At least that way, my friends would know i'm not crazy.
