{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-11 20:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497283","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62084","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4222,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/283/mufon-5497283.json","updb_database_id":5497283}
{cak} Observed Black Triangle for 40 Minutes Flying, Hovering, Descending and Ascending, while Circling the Area.

It was Thursday night and my neighbor "Lynx" messaged that it was a clear night and asked if I wanted to do another UFO "stakeout." I really didn't want to, but with holiday travel just around the corner it might've been the last night for "UFO hunting" for the year, plus "Lynx" did have pretty good intuition as to when we would see something out there (that sometimes I wondered if he was behind all of it.) Anyways, I agreed and we went. The chosen location was close by in the wildlife refuge next to town where there is a boardwalk leading into a swamp. That night I was feeling pretty brave so we decided to venture past our normal limits and head out towards the dock. It was a little after 8 pm.

We arrived to our stake out destination for the evening, a dock along the boardwalk that jutted out over the river. While Lynx usually looked for the lights, I would keep my eye out for the crafts that were nearly invisible, flying silently at low altitude which I had seen twice before. Within 15 minutes, Lynx said, "What's that?" Just over to the north, behind the tree line and between us and the town there were two orangish/red orbs flying south. Immediately, I tapped record on my iPhone. The time was 8:25. We knew that was it, the same type of UFO that we had chased down Main St. in hopes to capture an image. Maybe this time I would actually get some video. We watched the UFO fly south, circle back around and fly south again to then disappear. I checked my phone and unfortunately all that was recorded was me telling Lynx to not let any light shine from his phone. We sat waiting for only a few minutes when the craft reappeared from the southeast, it looked like it was coming right towards us. Just as it had gotten over the refuge it turned north. We could clearly tell that it was a perfect triangle, black with large orangish/red lights in each corner. It circled around several times, and then hovered below the tree line between us and the town. The space between the corners of the triangle expanded as the altitude of the craft decreased. I was really starting to freak out not only because it was so close to us, but because between safety and where we were was a swamp and a hovering UFO. The craft circled back around. Why was it so interested in the refuge? My dog was starting to act frightened as if he knew something was up, which was so strange and out of character for my happy-go-lucky dog. Finally, the craft disappeared off towards the northeast. Lynx made us wait for another few minutes to make sure it was gone. We did not want to be stuck halfway to town stuck in the swamp with it hovering over our heads. My heart raced as we made it back to the safety of the town lights. We were both in awe as we had just experienced forty minutes of a close encounter of the unknown kind. Once again we had witnessed a craft move so unnaturally and silently across our night sky that the only words to describe this phenomenon was that we had just witnessed another UFO.

There was the beginning of the years biggest meteor shower just starting that night, but what was odd is that one time it looked like objects were shot out from the craft that were very large and bright balls of light. They were a lot brighter than any of the meteors we observed during the 4 day meteor shower, but I am not for sure if it did indeed come from the craft.
