{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-18 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505283","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53580","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3190,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/283/mufon-5505283.json","updb_database_id":5505283}
{rjl} two spheres,hovering defined line of distance between,exchange of smaller sphere to the other Then full ship direct line of sight arriving off ocean straight line above heads moving towards Haliakula Observatory here on Maui

I was up in my room and my room mate was on the main floor both of us were on the web. Web sat went down,I clicked over to desktop,while room mate went out onto lania. Suddenly he came rushing back in up to my room wanting my spotting scope.Pointed out my window as to what he was in question of. I to
was what ? we both went down to lower lanai to observe.We remained calm,questioning one another and ourselves that these two looking star like objects were sats'. But then way to bright,way to low and not moving,both held pulsating,one much more then the other,in the spotting scope not a clear picture of shape could be made out,seemingly again as if stars.No we were becoming more convinced of sphere shape.Scope fine focused in to give this to us and the lighting flash,colors began to really go off on the one.
Then,died down, a fainter ball of light released from this one then as quick just gone,but moment later flash bright above the second one and so fast and bright could not tell if entered it it had ejected one. then nothing but steady less bright pulsing from both,remaining in hover. We just observed
about 20 minutes. they remained in direct line off horizon 30o 2 to 3 miles out between our home and town,which is 6.5 miles East.These we were very convinced were not stars,way to low,not SATs'. Then out over the ocean,and we have a fantastic view of channel running from Kahalui,Maui and Big Island
We sit on the furthest Eastern point of the island.A low light movement at first on reg. jet path coming from OGG airport.Moving low like real flight path of jet. I tell room mate jet,I've observed many times this one,it shows like the basic wing lights,front under cockpit light,but then its' not climbing,the lights are flashing but man they are above normal bright. This is a beautifully clear Maui night,quiet clear stars, and beginnings of fuller moon rising.We observe object moving not as slow as a jet,but not like super fast either.This observation is perhaps 2 min,a bit more,I'm like waiting for it to ascend or smaller plane coming in to local airport.Which we can clearly see with naked eye from our porch,about 5 miles on ocean away.
But then,neither happens, suddenly its' just gone,maybe but 5sec.then we observe it again. This time its coming straight towards us.same speed,smooth and steady and low.Maybe 4000' up,1 or 1.5 mile out,The
