{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1967-04-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5180138","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"e42yjr","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5180138,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Dog and pony reacted to beam of lightGroup /Category 4

Animal Effect Cases

Case Directory
New Haven, West Virginia
April 17, 1967

Animal Reaction Feature:
Multiple independent sightings occurred along the Ohio River around 8:45 p.m.
The object was reported as flying 400-500 feet off the ground and flying very
slowly. No one mentioned any sound associated with the object. In two
of five reports, animals were present.

A young boy was driving a wagon drawn by a pony. The object caused the
pony to buck, ultimately wrecking the wagon, with the pony ending up on its
back. Neither the boy nor pony was seriously injured. The object1s
path relative to the pony and wagon is not stated.

Mrs. Lewis Capehart reported that her two German Shepherds 1howled and barked1
as the object flew overhead. One dog broke the chain with which it was
tied.

Joan Woodward, Animal Reaction Specialist:
Lewis Summers, pharmacist, reported a huge object flying at 500 feet, and
at least at one point it projected two huge beams of light to the ground.
Summers, following the object by car, blinked his car lights and the lights
on the object also blinked. He estimated the object1s speed at 100 m.p.h.

Mrs. Capehart drew the object as a large ball of light with two cone-shaped
protuberances sticking out from the sides. There were two rows of four
porthole-like openings on each protuberance. Other reports support her description.

Sheriff Hartenback (Middleport, Ohio) reported an object that emitted a bright
yellow light and had feeder-type object protruding off its main part.

Louis Ellis, working at Vanadium Corp. of America, reported bright lights
coming from windows on protuberances and a row of steady red lights
around the object, and thought the object was moving so slow that it might
stall.

There were two reports of possible EM effects involving television interference
during the time the object was in the area. No observers mention any sound
associated with the object (but there is also no statement that it was silent).
No physiological effects were reported.

Sources:
The U.F.O. Investigator (NICAP), Vol. IV, No. 1, May-June 1967, p. 6.
Keyhoe, Donald E., and Gordon I. R. Lore, Jr., 1969, Strange Effects from
UFOs, Washington, D.C.,, NICAP, pages 41-42.
