{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-22 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518645","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38389","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2902,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/645/mufon-5518645.json","updb_database_id":5518645}
3 objects appeared high in the sky - estimating 20-30,000 feet since various aircraft were also seen at approximately same altitude

I was standing in a field next to an apartment parking lot, smoking a cigarette. I was looking S-SE at the stars and some planes. I noticed 2 lights that appeared the same size as the planes flying over, but they were twinkling and did not have the flashing red light visible. They caught my eye because I had scanned past them and when I looked back, they were closer together than previously. So I started watching them.

At first sighting they appeared a thumblength apart. It seemed like they were both moving from SE to NW, when suddenly one seemed to dart NE bringing it to 1/2 thumb length from the other. They then continued moving NW steadily for approximately 1 minute, the change in position in that time was approximately 1". They then stopped completely for several seconds & then one of them seemed to move in a small circle. This movement continued for approximately 1 minute. 

At that time, another object caught my eye. It was also headed from SE to NW, but appeared bigger and brighter than the other two. It was headed on a path directly towards me. I focused my attention on it for a split second, then, thinking it might be a plane, looked back at the other two objects and they were GONE. I scanned that section of the sky for about a minute trying to figure out where they had gone - no cloud cover, no trees - nothing blocking my view....then noticed this bigger object again.

It appeared lower than the other two because I could make out more of a shape to it. It appeared, at first, vaguely V shaped, but again there was no flashing red light commonly seen on planes here. It also had a bright-white-blueish glow to it with an occasional blue and yellow light pulsing. I still wasnt convinced it wasnt a plane, but continued to watch. Over the course of 10 minutes or so, it moved from about 65 degrees above the horizon to 90 degrees above the horizon and directly overhead.

During that time, it did a lot of zig-zagging, seemed to slow down then speed up, changed direction a few times, and appeared stationary a few times. As it got almost directly overhead, it suddenly diminished in size which made me think it had rapidly gained altitude.
