{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-09 23:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525645","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30083","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2769,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/645/mufon-5525645.json","updb_database_id":5525645}
Slowly moving bright amber orbs forming an isosceles triangle; lights dimmed and disappeared uniformily and in succession

Upon exiting my garage to enter the house, I stepped onto my back stoop. I looked up and to my right toward the northern sky (I'm not certain what drew my attention) and then immediately I observed three bright amber orbs in an isosceles triangle formation. Only sky was apparent between the orbs. The triangle/orbs slowly, silently moved roughly W-NW in the direction of US 41. The object(s) were north of my location at an indeterminate distance in the sky, although the size of the triangle form suggested a relatively low-flying orbs or very massive if a high-flying 'solid' craft; I could not discern which. The triangle shape seemed tilted, perhaps 15-20 degrees, with the northern-most orb lower. I called to my wife and sister-in-law, whom were in the house, to come out and see. We observed the orbs for a brief period, perhaps no more than thirty seconds, while the orbs gradually (perhaps 6-7 seconds per orb), individually dimmed and seemed to "go out" beginning with the most distant, followed by the "front", narrow end, and finally the 'closest'. The orbs did not stop their slow W-NW movement during this period. I walked a short distance down the alley behind the house because a large tree obscured my vision of the sky within which the object(s) would have moved if they had followed the same trajectory after going out; however, I saw only stars. There was no sign of the object(s), no contrails, smoke, vapor, clouds, only stars. Despite the brevity of this sighting, these orbs did not appear to be conventional aircraft, stars, planets, flares, fireworks or distant lights from structures. There was smoke, no differential intensity of light besides the controlled dimming effect, and they did not seem to lose altitude or distortion of overall shape. The orbs moved in conjunction as if attached to a solid triangular shape or as if flying in a steady formation. I had no unusual sensations or thoughts during the sighting, only curiosity and then astonishment. I did not have time to grab my camera or cell phone to get a picture.
