{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505645","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53199","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2907,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/645/mufon-5505645.json","updb_database_id":5505645}
{rjl} Four orange lights rose up from eastern horizon and slowly flew northward 15 minutes after midnight while new years eve celebrations were winding down.

I was standing in the middle of the street by my house in Tustin, with my brother, and we were watching new years eve fireworks on the eastern horizon. When the fireworks were winding down, I noticed a bright orange light about the size of Jupiter slowly rising up from the northeastern horizon. It seemed to hover for awhile and then turned to slowly move in a southward direction. As it was traveling south, I noticed another identical orange light rising up from the eastern horizon maybe 2 or 3 degrees south of where the first one had come up from. As the second light approached the first light, the first light turned to fly north and the second light followed it, not too closely, but not too far from it either. Then a third identical orange light started rising up from the same spot where the second one had risen up from and this third light also followed the same path as the second light. It was a somewhat shorter distance from the second light than the second light had been from the first light. Then I noticed that the first light was no longer visible and there was just the second and third still in the sky. I decided it was time to go into the house for the binoculars. When I came out the second and third lights were also gone. For a second I was disappointed but then I noticed a fourth identical light was rising up from the same spot as the second and third had come from. I viewed this fourth light through the binoculars, but I still couldnt see any solid object or any flashing lights. It was still only just an orange light. I gave the binoculars to my brother to see if he could see it any better than me. He also couldnt see any object or any additional lights on it. He concluded that if it was a plane it had to be at least 2 miles high for us to not be able to see it. After this fourth light followed the same path as the first 3 lights then it faded out just like the other 3 had done. We knew these were definitely not helicopters or normal aircraft. I figured that if they were not UFOs then they must have been some kind of military aircraft that we are not familiar with yet. The whole episode lasted about 15 minutes.
