{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1966-06-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504645","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54242","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3028,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/645/mufon-5504645.json","updb_database_id":5504645}
{kt}Walking down street looked up and saw it moving very slowly directly over me heading South.

I had just left my house (3473 Eisenhower Road, Columbus Ohio) walking South on Eisenhower Road to meet a friend. It was a clear night and I looked up and saw a basketball sized white oval object. It was almost directly over me moving quite slowly heading South. I continued to watch it until I got down to Eisenhower Road and Oakland Park Ave. There I met my friend who had come from his house. We were going to the local drug store to have a milkshake. I pointed out the object to my friend who saw it moving. We watched it for maybe 20-25 seconds when a small prop plane approached from the South heading Northeast. This plane had it's wing lights blinking and we could hear the engine. When the plane was in close proximity to the object the object just disappeared. It was like watching a light bulb that was bright and then the light bulb was turned off. 

We continued on to the drug store and had our milkshake. We was there for about 30 minutes. When we started walking home we began to hear jet aircraft zooming around in the sky. I was an Air Force Brat so I knew they sounded like jet fighters. It should be noted that Lockbourne AFB, was located on the far Southeast side of Columbus. Where I lived (North side of Columbus) I had never heard military aircraft in the air before that night. I felt that they must be looking for the object that I had seen. When I got home I told my Mom and Dad what I had seen and heard. My Dad was a 20 year retired Air Force officer. He said that it was very odd for jet fighters to be flying over our end of town because that was not in there flight pattern. My Dad had been stationed at Lockbourne before retiring. 

Being 16 years old I was quite excited of what I witnessed so I asked my parents if I could call the base. They told me to go ahead and call them. I looked up the base's number in our phone book. I got through and asked to talk to the duty officer. I then was connected to an officer and told him my story. He asked me a few questions and then told me thanks and hung up. 

Tonight (02/23/2014) I had just got done watching one of your shows on the History channel. I just thought that you should be made aware of my sighting back in 1966. I'm a retired 24 year AF Security Police veteran and 18 year federal police detective. This incident really impacted me and still does.
