{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-09-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465645","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95117","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2975,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/645/mufon-5465645.json","updb_database_id":5465645}
{dr}Shiny, question mark shaped object hovers and seems to change shape

We were driving home when the object my eye, floating right above our car. It wasn't threatening, so we were all just making jokes and taking pictures, but it was definitely odd. None of us could figure out what it was. At first we thought it was a balloon, but it just sort of hovered in the air. It would rise and fall, and it occasionally would start and stop in mid air, which made us think it was a drone. However, it didn't look like any drone I've ever seen and it made no noise. It was shaped like a question mark or a sea horse and it seemed to reflect light. It would spin and seemed to change shape a little bit, like it was being stretched. I got it on video, though the quality isn't great. It was taken with a cell phone and the object was pretty far. The video was taken a little while after we first sighted it over the road. By the time we found a place to park, it had drifted over the field. Someone behind us seemed to spot it to and slowed down to look before driving in the direction it fell. After the video cuts out, it drifts across the field and into the treeline. We had expected it to get caught in the trees, but it just sort of drifted through them and disappeared. I think there are houses back there. We considered looking for it, but it had drifted pretty far and we didn't want to go snooping on other people's property. At the time, I remembered thinking that the object looked familiar, though I didn't think much of it. It wasn't until later that I remembered hearing reports of a similar object being sighted in Ireland in 2017. When I looked up the video, I was surprised to find that the objects are identical! It's possible that there is still a normal explanation for this, but after seeing this other video, it has me thinking that it may be something more.
