{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469645","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90874","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5202,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/645/mufon-5469645.json","updb_database_id":5469645}
an unidentified object was hovering above us in the cloudless blue sky - it hovering so slowly that we could see it perfectly. It was a huge cylinder, all white and the sun was shining on it; it seemed bright shiny metallic white.

On a perfect summer day, Saturday Aug.5 2017 around 3:45 or 4pm, my husband and I were sitting in our backyard. My husband commented that it was a perfect day, and as he lifted his head saying that there was not one cloud in the sky he asked me ''what's that thing up there? do you see that?'' we saw, floating (hovering) above us in the blue sky, a huge white cylinder shape object. Since this would be my third sighting (DURING MY LIFETIME), I immediately knew it was a UFO. My husband doesn't believe in UFOs although he had previously seen the video I had taken of a UFO many years ago. But this one, on August 5th was special. It seemed so close to us, it was totally silent, no gaz emission, but it felt to me to be a heavy object as it was so big. We had time to slowly drink a whole glass of lemonade before it became hidden to us by the tree tops. We had a chance to really have a good long look at it before and we just couldn't believe how perfectly snow white color as the sun was shining on it. We did not see any wings, or windows, or engine or propeller; there was nothing on it, under it, behind it, in front of it. I remember losing my sense of hearing for less than a minute or so, as if I had become totally deaf. As I watched it, I felt such peace, totally fully peaceful and very very happy. I wanted to smile but I couldn't. It seemed I was frozen into that one feeling of combined happiness and peace almost indescribable.. and that feeling stayed within me until the object was invisible to me because of the tree line. I asked my husband how he felt. He felt the same as before the sighting, no different. 45 minutes later, a couple who lived at our house for the summer, sat on the front porch and ran in the house to tell us to come see the ufoS in the sky above the trees! We sat there for more than 20 minutes watching the same cylinder shape object appearing on the south side, then hovering-then path and disappearing as if it had entered an invisible wall in the sky while another appeared on the south and did the same thing, disappeared and another and another always doing the same thing.I asked my husband if now he believed, now that 2 more people were seeing it. But at no time did we think to film it and that made me so sad. Our guests said that they had been watching them for a long time before telling us to come and see them. They said they were too mesmerized by them for a while. They did not have the feelings or emotions that I felt during the sighting. Our guest said that he was only thinking ''take me, take ME' while he was watching them. We discussed about what we had seen in plain sight, in a perfectly blue sky. My husband was trying to discredit it by saying there was the Greenwood Air Force Base only 30 or 40 minutes away from us, so it was probably an experiment of some kind. I used to work at the Base 8 months prior, I was sure there was nothing like this UFO that could be built there. No way! It was more like a Pilot Training Base to me. A couple of days (or latere) after this, I reported my sighting on a Nova Scotia website for sightings and never heard back from them. Yesterday, March 18th, 2018 my husband and I were watching some documentaries on UFO and we both jumped with joy when we recognize the EXACT ONE WE HAD SEEN the year before. We copied it this time not to lose it and saved it on my desktop. I had tried to send you a report a few months ago but didn't have time to finish completing it as I was looking for my video. If you want me to send you the video I had taken in Taiwan years ago with my camcorder (VHS), please let me know. While I was working at the Canadian Space Agency in St-Hubert, Quebec years ago, I had taken this video to have specialists from the agency view it. The only comments I received was 'they could not say if it was or was not a UFO). I was very disappointed but I am sure that what I filmed that night was a UFO as nothing could move at that high speed and change directions, 45 degrees, swirl movement and change trajectory in a heart beat. Thank you for taking the time to read this. Much appreciated. Yes, I BELIEVE. Below I include a photo but it's one I took the youtube - it is identical to the ones we saw. I hope that's okay.
