{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-04 06:56:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285645","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117757","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3661,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/645/mufon-5285645.json","updb_database_id":5285645}
I witnessed 2 UFOs, one straight after the other, travelling in different directions,. Also a brief flash in the sky near the second object.

At 6:55 pm on Saturday 4th September 2021 I went out my front door, which faces directly south, for a cigarette. I always look at the sky because I have seen numerous unidentified things and some definite craft in the past. I sat down and looked at the sky and I immediately noticed a star like object, directly to the south, moving in the sky so ran back inside to grab my phone to video it, and began recording. This first UFO was travelling from the west to the east. At first it seemed to be going in a straight line because, even though it was small and a long way away, the brightness snd size didn’t seem to change. It then veered about 45 seconds into the recording and started heading south east, and quickly disappeared from view. I stopped recording and switched off my phone but when I looked up there was another, brighter and larger UFO in the sky, so I started recording again. This object was more to the west of where I had seen the first one. Very shortly after I started videoing it I noticed one flash, like a distant camera flash, which seemed to be further in the distance but the same general area of the UFO. It may have only seemed further in the distance but was actually just a lot smaller. This UFO seemed to be travelling from SW in a NNE direction and also seemed to be getting lower as it went along. It was a warm colour, like the older style headlights. It appears whiter in the video than it actually appeared to me. There weren’t many stars visible in the sky, only the largest, brightest ones were visible. This UFO was larger than any stars that I usually see in the sky. I continued recording it for about two and a half minutes before it disappeared behind a tree. I then noticed it approximately 1 minute later on the other side of the tree but it had lowered considerably so I only saw it for about 10 more seconds before it disappeared behind more trees. This second UFO seemed to get larger or glow more intensely a couple of times. When I look at zoomed in stills of the video there does seem to be some slight shape changes as well. I notice the tiny camera flashes in the general direction of the UFO, regardless of where it is in the sky, about 8 times throughout the video. There was no noise, vapour, contrail, or anything emitted from either of these UFOs that I could hear or see. 
I was so excited because I often see UGOs flying in the sky but very rarely get to record them.
