{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-09 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518267","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39079","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4195,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/267/mufon-5518267.json","updb_database_id":5518267}
Awoke to find translucent glowing object by bed. When it saw me it disappeared through the vertical blinds leaving a couple of them swinging.

Sometime in the middle of the night last night, I woke up and was just lying on my right side staring at the wall and there was a quick flash of dim, greenish white light that came up from the floor, which was hidden from my view. 1I then got a glimpse of the top edge of what looked like an amoeba-like, semi-transparent creature, 1I quickly lowered my head and the creature was hidden from my view but there were furious energy waves coming up in that corner of the room. The waves looked a lot like the ones you see over the highway, when driving in the desert on a hot day. 1I decided to take a good look so I popped up onto my right elbow, very quickly, and got a good face-to-face look at the entire being--for just a second--and then it disappeared and there was a slight rustling of two or three of the vertical blinds that cover the sliding doors which open onto the patio. I got a good look at the blinds swing a few times right after they made a tiny clattering noise. 1It all happened in probably two seconds: 1
*rise up and look,1
*disappear,1
*clatter,1
*swinging blinds.1
Incidentally the sliding glass door was securely fastened, so if the disturbance in the blinds was caused by the beings exit, it went through the glass like it wasnt there. 1Today there is no damage to the glass.

Appearance:
1 1Flat, like a fried egg without the yolk in the center. Rectangular, but with a wavy border--again like a fried egg sometimes looks. The border is thicker, like on a pizza. The size is approximately 12" wide and 18" tall. 1It had visible objects scattered randomly inside it, sort of reminiscent of vacuoles in a cell. 1The objects ranged from 3/4" to 1" and were whitish to dark green--but1diffuse, since the creature was translucent, not fully transparent. 1The inside area of the being was dimly lit almost like the light a night-light puts out. 1My opinion is that everything of the creature that was visible was seen by light emanating from the being itself--this theory is based on the fact that as soon as the creature disappeared that corner of the room was nearly pitch black.

My Conclusions:
	1	1 1These creatures seem to have the ability to switch their bodies from matter into pure energy or spirit, instantaneously and at will.
	1	1 1They don't seem to have any malicious agenda because I have had hundreds of similar occurrences since 2010 and have never suffered anything other than jangled nerves a few times.
	1	1 1 I need to re-think my earlier conclusion that the many nighttime visits I have experienced were merely holographic projections and there was no physical component to them. 1One might make a wild hypothesis that creatures such as last-nights visitor are the ones who are projecting the holographic-like images. 1
	1	1 1I am convinced that there is a connection between these light shows and the UFO presence, since, on two different nights, 1I have seen multiple triangular craft hovering high above my apartment building during a series of these nighttime visits.
	1	1 1I have no conclusion on why I can detect the same kind of energy waves, described above, emanating from my finger tips--to one degree or another--at any time of the day or night. 1The most logical theory would be that everyone has the same energy but that these visitors have given me something that allows me to see it. 1But logic seems to go out the window when dealing with these matters. 1 (Sorry, Mr. Spock.) 11
