{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1963-06-01 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470267","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90234","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7613,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/267/mufon-5470267.json","updb_database_id":5470267}
{cak} A bright light came up behind our car on a dark night, we were then engulfed in the light and saw 2 greys from the shoulders up. We were all in a trance like state, until we arrived at our destination.

This is my account of the incident. 

Below my account is my cousins account. We were together when it happened. 


It started one evening in the summer I think it was June 1963 or 1964. I can't remember if I was 11 or 12. My cousin and I were the same age and we were on our way to our grandmother's house who lived near the Lake of the Ozarks in Missouri. To the best of my recollection they were also two adults in the front seat of the car both of them were my aunt's, one was my cousin's mother and the other one was her sister our other aunt.
We were on our way from St.Louis to spend time at my grandmother's house. My cousin lived with my grandmother at the time but she must have ridden up in the car to pick me up I can't remember how that circumstances happened. I just know we were both in the car and I believe there was two adults in the front seat and we were driving down highway 21 heading toward Lesterville Missouri. I don't know the time I just know it was very dark outside this is a country road very windy with no street lights no lights of any kind so it's totally Pitch Black. We were the only car on the road that we could see and there were no other lights until this bright light appeared from behind us. We could see out the back of the car a bright bright light coming toward us and it just kept coming until we were engulfed in this bright light. We could not see any shape only bright lights, everyone in the car was totally silent it was like we were floating and in a trance of some sort. No one was talking, or screaming and no one was afraid. it doesn't make sense to me Why we would not have been talking or afraid or something. w
Why was everybody just silent and in a trance-like state. It was really strange. It was just like we felt numb or something. And then right next to us close enough that we felt like we could reach out and touch them there were two Greys which we could only see from their side view from the shoulder up. Then they both turned and looked at us in unison. I don't understand why we weren't afraid and everything was totally silent.

I don't know how long we were looking at them or they were looking at us. I don't know how long because we were in limbo of sorts, because we were not driving on this curvy Road anymore and because I didn't feel the car moving. Nothing really makes sense. 
After the Grey's were done looking at us they turned in Unison again back to the position they were in before they turn to look at us originally. It was almost like they were looking out the front of something. 
We had to be up in the air or something because otherwise we couldn't have been at the same level as the greys were. Because we were in a car on the ground it doesn't make sense. So I'm assuming either the whole car was lifted up or just we were. I just know we felt like we were floating.

At some point we were then driving again still no one was speaking about it, no one acted like anything had happened. Then we saw the bright light go in front of us. This bright round light which took off really fast going straight in front of us then shot up to the side and then when at another angle and then went straight up and disappeared.
I have no idea of the time lapse how long anything happened. I don't really know if we were in the same location after the incident happened as we were before it happened or if we were closer to the house we were going to. But when we arrived at my grandmother's house nobody talked about it nobody mentioned it no one acted afraid it was like it really never happened. Then either the next day or the day after we started to talk about it a little bit and one of my aunts aunt's drew pictures of what we saw. Back in those days I had no idea what an alien was, or what a grey was. The pictures that my aunt drew at the time which I don't have access to now, looked exactly like a grey. I had no idea what an alien or grey looked like at that time in my life. I don't think aliens or UFO's had ever been mentioned to me before this, incident but I know what I saw and it looks like exactly what Grey's are depicted to look like now. It was a whitish grey smooth type of skin with big slanted eyes barely any nose and very small mouth no ears. I don't remember the expression on the greys face ever changing.
My family discussed it a little bit throughout the years But I don't really think that most of them believed us.
Below is the account of my cousin who was there too.

Hello, this is my account of what happened on one summer night in the year 1963/1964 (not sure which year).
I was either 11 or 12 depending which year. My grandparents and I lived in Lesterville,Mo. 
63654. on route 21 cross street is County Road 362. We had a 2 1/2 acre lake in front of the 
house, it was about 4-6 miles East of the town of Lesterville. 
I believe the encounter took place during that summer at night ( not sure what time but it was dark out) on HWY 21 the roads are curvy with some hills. Passengers in car were my aunt( has since passed) and I believe my mother( has since passed) was driving, our aunt didn1t drive, also my cousin and myself were in the back seat, not sure if I was on the driver side or not. There was no traffic out on the HWY keep in mind the population in Lesterville at the time was around 240 give or take a few.
It was dark in the car at the time. Then there came a bright light from behind our car, so I1m sure we all thought it was another car. The light came up very fast from behind and then inside our car it became lit with light and the car we thought was coming up from behind was next to us, I think it was on the passenger side. I didn1t see that it was a car but saw that we and they were in a light ( it seemed like we were both in a 
dome of light). It seemed like we just floated a little with them above the road I don1t remember anyone talking or moving inside our car, it was like we were in suspended time and in slow motion, when I did turn my head to look at the light to my right all I remember seeing is two shapes that looked like smooth heads with big oval eyes, neck and shoulders. Both turn 
simultaneously to look at us and just stared as we in turned stared back at them, not sure how much time had passed. They 
turned simultaneously to look away. I don1t remember moving at all. After that we saw the light go in front of us and disappeared. We were silent all the way to the house. I don1t know what time we arrived at the house and I don1t remember driving the rest of the way to the house. When we got to our grandparents house no one there said anything to us that we seemed different, so I can only assume we appear normal.
