{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-11-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491267","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68304","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3051,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/267/mufon-5491267.json","updb_database_id":5491267}
Driving with friend on M5 (Northbound). Large craft appeared over bank to left. Flew overhead for several miles. Changed direction without turning. gained speed & altitude incredibly quickly, eventually disappearing.

I was driving with a friend, along the M5 IN SW England (travelling Northwards) and near to the town of Taunton. The time was approx 3.30am (Friday), the sky is clear & dimly starlit and we were heading to our hometown of Newbury, Berkshire.

All of the sudden a large aircraft appeared, rising over the bank to the left hand side of the motorway. It appeared to be launching & aligned itself with the motorway and proceeded to pass directly overhead of our vehicle. The motorway itself was very quiet of any other traffic. I slowed, as we watched in disbelief, for above us sat this very large, rectangular craft which was distinguishable by the many round white lights (of differing sizes) to its underbelly. Due to the time of day, it was not possible to see specific colourings of the craft itself but we both knew that we had never seen the like of this anywhere before.

I pulled over to the side of the road for a moment and we stood by the car for a while, just watching. There was no audible 'engine' sound emiting from this craft. It progressed in a straight linefor upto approx 40 miles (I estimated this to be around the Bristol area and roughly in line with the M4 (running Eastwards towards London). Here, it appeared to stop & hover momentarily before progressing Eastwards, without physically turning. What was also remarkable about this was the exceedingly rapid acceleration in speed and ascending projectory that it then took.

My friend & I were back in the car and speechless, still watching as the craft sped off into the distance and space itself, before disappearing from our sight.

We couldn't explain what we had seen but knew that it was not an aircraft of this world. Yet have never reported the sighting anywhere until today, for fear of ridicule and the liklihood of not being believed at the time (particularly as neither of us had the means for photographic evidence at the time). It is, however, an experience which I carry with me as clearly as if it happened yesterday and is how I know that we are not alone in this Universe. I believe it is important to record this event, particularly given that this craft was neither spherical, saucer or cigar shaped (as many reported UFO sightings appear to be).
