{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-10-10 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494267","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65216","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2932,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/267/mufon-5494267.json","updb_database_id":5494267}
Bright light changed to triangle shaped, then vanished at high speed.

This happened approximately in October 1999. We had moved to a new house and I was sorting out some old items left by the previous tenant in an old glass lean-to greenhouse on the back garden.
It was around eight o1clock at night. My daughter came out to see what I was doing. I looked up to talk to her when I notice a bright light, which was like a motorcycle headlight glowing in the trees some 500 yards away to the east of my property.
I didn1t take much notice at that time but when I looked again a short time later I noticed it had risen higher, so I stood up and watched it rise even higher, the trees in question were approximately 60 1 70 feet in height at the time so I would say the light was around 20 feet of the ground.
My first instincts was a motorcycle on a street further down the main road as this area is built on raised ground, but the roads run in the opposite direction so the light would be aimed in the opposite direction, and then the craft rose above the height of the trees, and hovered for some time. 10-20 seconds or more.
My daughter was becoming a little agitated due to the light had started to slowly move towards us.
As it got closer we both could see that it was a dark craft of triangular shape and it had different coloured lights around the edges. I can1t remember now, it being so long ago, but I believe the bright light was no longer aluminate on the craft.
It stopped almost directly above us and I would say at a height of around 600ft, the craft covered a large area above the house.
There was no noise, no down draft, nothing, the craft just sat there.
I had been taking some before and after photos of the property, so my camera was at hand on the kitchen worktop. I rushed in grabbed the camera and ran back outside.
I looked up at the craft, which was still in the same place, and then it started to move forward I pointed and aimed the camera without looking through the viewfinder and pressed the shutter.
It was like the craft was synchronized with the camera, as I was about to pressed the shutter the craft turned on its axis and shot off at an unbelievable speed, (let1s say at the blink of an eye) in a northerly direction 
When the film came back from the printers all that was on the film was the chimney stack
