{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-10-18 14:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490267","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69325","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2422,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/267/mufon-5490267.json","updb_database_id":5490267}
moving bars of light in a rectangular shape that met and pulsuated toward the centre, light came towards us through the window when we were sleeping on the floor

It had been raining heavily for a number of days. We lived in a farm with a old quarry behind the house on the property.
We were sleeping on a mattress on the floor. It was late at night. I don't know it it was the hum (which felt internal) or the rectangular shape that got larger and came in through the window that woke me. The rectangle was comprised of moving bars of light that pulsed toward the center of the object.
I sat up from the floor mattress and I know this sounds crazy, but in my mind I was swearing a blue streak, somehow yelling with my mind that I would remember this and I was calling whatever the coldness was every name in the book.
I woke my husband and he sat up for a second and I know this sounds nuts but then he lay back down. 
I was terrified and I forced myself to look at the lights swearing in my mind the whole time. The lights ended with me seeing what one would see if you were flashed by a bright camera, but in this case colored lights were moving and swirling, almost like an after image. 
I couldn't sleep for the longest time and the nest day I spoke to my partner to find out that they remembered the bands of moving light coming through the window and the experience, but not to the same extend (sounds, feelings, etc) that I did.
The was problems with the power the next day and hydro was there the next day fixing equipment.
I was scared (traumatized) for the longest time about sleeping by windows and scared to tell children and adults that we are not safe luest they think I'm crazy. One of my cats would no longer go upstairs.

Years later on I developed cancer and had three pets that all died from forms of cancer.
