{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-06 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452267","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109376","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2484,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/267/mufon-5452267.json","updb_database_id":5452267}
Video of 2 UFO near satellite

Dr. Greer had his CE5 observation nigh and attempted contact last Saturday night. We did not go, but watched the sky from the front of the house. As I was watching the sky, I observed what must have been a satellite because it went really fast across the sky from west to east. I didn't have my video camera set up, but then I got my camera out, set it up at infinity in low light. To my surprise, I saw another of what must have been another satellite going across the sky from the same west to east direction and videotaped it.That was the first time I had seen two objects go across the sky so quickly, and you can confirm whether those were satellites. When I viewed my video on the small monitor, I thought I had nothing. Then I put it on my 65 inch Samsung TV and was surprised to see two different unusual events. About a quarter of the way in, A faint object approaches the satellite (or space station?) and then angles away in a zig zag pattern up and to the right. About a quarter from the end, a brighter object approaches the the satellite before I lose control of the image. The first object is faint, but definitely appears to change directions. I am following the perceived satellite from west to east and is not stationary as it appears on the video. I'm shaking too much on the second possible UFO, so I'm not sure if it is actually moving toward or the shake is causing the appearance of it as a UFO and not something else. I don't have any sophisticated software to lock in on the satellite and stabilize it so you could verify the possible UFO I had videoed. It would be great to know if what I videotaped has any value. Thank you. PS. I don't know the degrees, but it appeared almost straight above me, maybe 10 degrees towards the south.
