{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-07 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453267","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108362","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2211,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/267/mufon-5453267.json","updb_database_id":5453267}
Orbs formed triangle then all fused together in the center of said triangle. Then they approached us at an incredible speed.

Witnessed 6-10 orbs of white light for roughly 30 minutes with two friends of mine. They were slowly moving in perfectly straight lines in all directions, absorbing into one another and also splitting apart. Some lights would blink out and some would blink on, they moved in what seemed to be deliberate motions in the same area of one another. They then formed the shaped of an equilateral triangle in the sky, within a few seconds they all moved towards to center in unison and absorbed into one. Within a second of having all joined together, they moved approximately 6 miles within the blink of an eye. When this single light moved, it’s white color changed to a bright violet light, maybe a third of the light was blue, and a very small amount of green light that surrounded the entire orb. It got close enough within that 1 second where I was able to see metallic sheen under this violet blue green light that surrounded it. I turned and sprinted as fast as I could without saying anything to my friends, they followed suit very quickly. Ran for approximately 100 yards before looking over my shoulder and that single light had gone back 6 miles to where it was previously and had separated back into 6-10 lights, moving deliberately as they had been while we were observing them for the previous 30 minutes. After doing some research looking at maps, I was able to figure out that the Niagara Falls Airforce bass in located in the exact direction of where we had been seeing these lights.
