{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-01-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505267","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53596","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6717,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/267/mufon-5505267.json","updb_database_id":5505267}
{rjl} I witnessed a huge white ball descending toward my car,driving home ,the night I watched Apollo 14 lift off .

The night of Apollo 14

For an extended Winter break from college, I planned a trip to Fort Lauderdale Florida, and to put some miles on my brand new red Corvette 
which was equipped with T-tops. A friend came with me , and we took shifts driving, so we could make the trip in 24 hours straight. It was a lot of fun to drive from the Connecticut cold Winter snow and ice,right into the warm summer-like sunshine of South Florida. I had never been there before, and the beaches were so beautiful.
For the trip back home, I drove up to Daytona and drove around on the beach just like a dune buggy. I suddenly got stuck on a mound of sand . Then some friendly citizens pushed me off the hill of sand, and we all had lots of laughs ! We heard that the Apollo 14 manned Mission to the Moon was lifting off at the Kennedy Space Center that evening. We were heading that way so we decided it would be really cool to witness this in person ! There was so much traffic going up there, and so many crowds of people when I arrived there. There was a great feeling of anticipation and a greater feeling of excitement when Saturn V launched at around 4;00 PM. With powerful fires blasting from below, the rocket spacecraft lifted up into the sky. The intensity and magnitude of the thrust generated that propelled the space craft upward, ascending into the heavens as it loomed so high, continuing until it was so far out of sight. It was breathtaking to witness! It was all so very magnificent!
When leaving KSC it was very tough dealing with all of the crowds and all of the traffic. I got a kick out of hearing Cousin Brucie, a New York radio host, on my radio, but my left leg was aching because of constantly depressing my heavy duty clutch ! The traffic lightened ,and the night got darker, 
I headed up North Interstate 95 into Georgia, traveling through a very heavily wooded area. My co-pilot was sound asleep and there were no other cars on the road. Around midnight, as I was driving up the lonely road, I suddenly noticed southwest to my left, the Moon appearing full, and bright white,like a toy marble high up in the very dark black night sky. As I drove ahead, I could see the silhouettes of the tall trees, dancing across the Moon, which peeked out and flickered from behind the branches. What a beautiful sight!  
The Moon kept attracting my attention, and I alternately kept looking to my left at the Moon, and then looking forward up the road ahead. As this continued, it seemed as though the Moon was keeping up with me as I drove. When I looked again, in the clearings between the trees, the Moon looked not only like it was following me, but it appeared to be getting closer and closer, as it descended, brighter and brighter, in stark contrast to the deep black night sky ! Each time I faced it, the Moon was getting closer and closer, bigger and bigger, now it was still oddly silent heading straight toward me and the Earth ! I thought this was the end of the Earth, and we were all going to die ! the Moon had grown in size to about what looked like 100 feet across in width and diameter, casting a blinding white light surface. I panicked, overcome with fear, I jammed my right elbow into my friend's arm and I shouted , "Wake up, we're going to die, because the Moon is going to smash into the Earth right now !" I have never been so terrified in all my life! I was so overcome with the emotion of fear and dread that I was swerving the car from left to right driving up the road looking left at the site and again forward up the road, but thankfully I maintained control of the car!  
Suddenly I heard the sound of a siren from behind my car, and instantly I looked in my rear view mirror, and to my amazement I saw the flashing lights of a police car following behind me ! Instinctively, I slowed down, and pulled over and stopped the car ! Immediately I noticed all signs of the giant-sized bright white "Moon" had totally vanished without a trace. I was shocked at how fast it was gone, and the doom of the impending colossal disaster was over ! I breathed a grateful sigh of relief. In a moment, I wondered what is going to happen now with this cop?
Although the overwhelming event seemed done,I was still highly charged with the emotions of fear and astonishment. I suddenly realized that what 
I had just experienced was a UFO sighting, and the possibly of alien contact, or worse, an alien abduction! I was very grateful, and still very excited and highly emotional.
 Turning left to the rear, I watched as the patrolman approached my car. I lowered my window and he said to me "Let me see your license and registration boy." Still very excited, I said "Did you see that?" He said, "See what?" I said "It looked like the Moon was going to smash into the earth and we were all going to die!" He said "No, I didn't see that. What I saw was you driving side to side down the road. That's why I pulled you over and stopped you." I then said "I can't believe you didn't see it? What do you think it was?" The police officer said ,"What you saw was probably a rocket they shot off down south. I'm going to let you go, and just drive carefully." I said, "Thank you officer", and we parted ways.
That was it, the ordeal was totally over. I asked my friend if he saw it? and he said yes, he did see it.I did not want to argue with the police officer, but that was no rocket, as I had seen one fire off that very same day, and it was absolutely not anything alike.
Whenever I told anyone about it, they respond in a very uncomfortable way for me and they have a way, of dismissing the incident as never happening, and addressing me in a condescending patronizing manner, condemning my real life experience as nothing, and that I'm wacky , and the whole story is very laughable. I keep it quiet because it's a real drag getting disrespected.
I think people are conditioned by the main stream media and the government propaganda machine to not take this seriously.
