{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-16 10:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480267","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79798","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3179,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/267/mufon-5480267.json","updb_database_id":5480267}
Flaming winged figure in the sky, dark vehicle or device hovering over the ground

I was driving north on Champlain St., Clarence-Rockland, when I noticed a bright yellow-orange flame in the sky below the level of the clouds (the night sky was completely covered in low-hanging clouds of around 1000 ft. from the earth). I first believed it was a Cessna, but the light was acting weird and reminded me of a flame burning in the sky. I observed the light coming towards me several minutes before deciding to stop to be able to better assess what it was. I observed it for 15-20 minutes as it seemingly glided in the sky at the same altitude in the same leisurely speed of around 20 to 30 miles per hr. Wondering if it's not a hot-air balloon, I waited to further approach me. While approaching me, I clearly saw that it was a flaming figure seemingly possessing dual wings like a huge dragonfly. The figure seemed white-hot and moving with the rapid flapping of the wings. It seemed to emit surrounding light, as a candle flame. The center seemed white-hot, and from the center, the light gradually changed to yellow and orange. The estimated size was of around 10 ft. It reminded me of an angel or even more closely to the Disney's light faeries from Peter Pan but in a giant form. I didn't believe my eyes and tried to access what I was observing, but there was not a rational explanation. There were cars passing me by and I was tempted to try to stop for additional witness to validate my observation, but I was afraid to be run down by a car as it was pretty dark. Having a flip-phone, I wasn't able to take a nice picture of the entity.

During that time, the figure approached me as close as around 200 ft. and then took a gentle turn towards east and continued in this direction maintaining the same speed and height.

After a while, when the figure looked as it was at 1500 ft away from me, suddenly a dark rectangular object, like a trapdoor, looked like being gradually pulled down, started to hide the figure from me. From afar, it looked like as the entity entered some kind of device or vehicle which was either invisible or completely dark, and a door was being closed. I was not able to make out in the dark any outline of the device or vehicle other than the rectangular trapdoor going down. 

It took roughly a couple of minutes until the figure became completely invisible to me. 

No noise was perceived in any moment except the noise of the speeding cars close to me. I waited a while to see if anything else was going to happen, but the sky remained dark.
