{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1947-06-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5177003","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"6da8u0","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5177003,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Arnold Case (P)Fran
Ridge:
June 24, 1947; Mt. Ranier, Washington
At 3:00 P.M., pilot Kenneth Arnold, was flying his
airplane near Mt. Rainier and noticed some flashes of
light. He then saw the source of the flashes; a string
of nine very bright metallic objects. Interesting that
multiple daylight objects were the subject of the first
major UFO sighting wave of the summer of 1947, all
preceded by the Arnold sighting. Bloecher found 20
reports on June 24! These were mostly in the far
northwestern states of Washington, Oregon and Idaho.
Sightings were scattered throughout the day from morning
to night. After the 24th, the sighting rate stayed
at about 10 per day or higher, with sightings occurring
not just in the west but throughout the country.

Bruce Maccabee:
In the PBB records Fred Johnson's sighting occupies a
unique position: it is the first of 701 UFO reports that
the AF admitted it could not explain at the time PBB
closed in 1969. Inasmuch as Arnold's sighting preceded
Johnson's by a minute or so, the astute reader may ask
why Arnold's sighting is not the first unexplained
sighting (and Johnson's the second)? The answer is that
the AF analysts claim to have explained Arnold's
sighting as a mirage! Of course, it is difficult to
imply that the objects seen by Arnold and Johnson could
be both explained and unexplained.

Kenneth Arnold:
"I spent the next twenty to thirty seconds
urgently searching the sky all around - to the sides and
above and below me - in an attempt to determine where
the flash of light had come from. The only actual
plane I saw was a DC-4 far to my left and rear,
apparently on its San Francisco to Seattle run. My
momentary explanation to myself was that some lieutenant
in a P-51 had given me a buzz job across my nose and
that it was sun reflecting off his wings as he passed
that had caused the flash. Before I had time to
collect my thoughts or to find a close aircraft, the
flash happened again. This time I caught the
direction from which it had come. I observed, far
to my left and to the north, a formation of very bright
objects coming from the vicinity of Mt. Baker, flying
very close to the mountain tops and traveling at
tremendous speed.... I observed a chain of nine peculiar
looking aircraft flying from north to south at
approximately 9,500 ft elevation and going, seemingly,
in a definite direction of about 170 degrees."

Detailed reports and
documents
The
Story of the Arnold Sighting [March 2002] (Bruce
Maccabee)...[Archived pdf version]
Another
Failed
Explanation

for the Kenneth Arnold Sighting (Bruce Maccabee)
The Singular Adventure of Kenneth
Arnold (Martin Shough)
Return of the Flying Saucers (Martin
Shough)
The
Ruppelt Version (Edward Ruppelt)
reports/470624ranier_report.htm (Dan
Wilson)
Arnold's
Confidential

Report to AAF (Project 1947)
CIC
Memo by Frank Brown (Project 1947)
UFO
REPORTS (Arnold Sighting) (Project 1947)
Before_Kenneth_Arnold.doc
(Hall/Connors)
Interview

of Arnold by Edward R. Murrow (CUFOS)
Spring
1948
article

(Fate)
Arnold_Interview_1977.pdf
(Rob Swiatek)
