{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-04-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546402","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"23008","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2888,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/402/mufon-5546402.json","updb_database_id":5546402}
Silver Cigar-Shaped Object

I was driving home from going for a 5 mile run like i usually do almost every other day. I started driving up a hill North on route 109 in Acton, Maine. Once you get to the top of the hill you're on what is called "Hubbard Ridge." to the left you can see vast open area. and to the right there are a couple houses a small restaurant/ale room, and large fields separated by some fairly tall trees and behind all the houses are thick woods. I was driving along when i looked to my right and up slightly and noticed a small airplane flying by and it was low flying. Low enough i could see the white plane in significant detail. It was a small plane, Not a commercial airline. It started to turn and head south and i passed another house and some trees and i lost sight of the plane. then as i begin to pass another open field i could regain vision of the almost the same spot i saw the plane. Only to find there was a large silver cigar shaped object just sitting in the sky. Now the sky was relatively clear, with barely any obstruction of cloud cover. The object was sitting at a higher altitude than the plane but not by a large difference. It was able to be seen clear as day. There were no other cars around me at the time and it was around noon time. And this was not the plane i saw before because this craft did NOT have any wings, was NOT the same color, or even had a front propeller and was much too long. then i started to pass more trees and lost sight of the craft for a slight moment. Seconds later when i regained visibility the craft disappeared. I took a right down a nearby road to see if it moved but it was no where to be found. i scanned the nearby sky carefully to spot it again, unsuccessful. I came home and was baffled by what i saw and i still am. I almost didn't even bother to record my sighting. Until i decided to google "silver cigar shaped object," yesterday. The first thing that came up was a similar story told by someone in Tuscon, Arizona on April 25th 2010. In similar fashion they saw it moments around the same time they saw a small plane. but clearly this object was NOT a plane. Immediately i felt compelled to voice my story that happened within a day apart from this person on the other side of the country. this is really strange..
