{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-11-17 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492402","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67136","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2686,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/402/mufon-5492402.json","updb_database_id":5492402}
{rjl} saw no entities. 1st 1 was seen at 3:00 low and immediate move to my 3:00 low right up to me, then my dad saw 1 at 9:00 hi moving left to right, then it stopped and the other joined and bam straight up less than a second

my dad and i were on the way home from work, back roads from birmingham al. leeds area, to gadsden ,al. after about hour and a half i noticed a white almost too white object, noticed dark of the branches in front of it, then as fast as you can blink, it was right by me, it seemed as i could almost touch it, then my dad said ,there's another 1! i looked out his side of car and there it was, only traveling at around maybe a couple hundred feet or maybe more it was hard to tell. then i looked at mine as his was traveling in the direction of the 1 on my side...as the 1 moving toward the 1 on my side, it stopped it seemed like right above it, then the 1 on my side stayed for a few more seconds, then slowly moved upward toward the other 1, at that time they just sat there, for a few seconds, and all the sudden, faster than can be imagined, they took off straight up, and i watched the best i could and i noticed them as a pinpoint at this time, and they seemed to be entering space...then my dad looked at me and said, " if you ever repeat this, i will swear you are lying, i laughed, he said no son, i ain't kidding, i'll tell them you are lying, never tell a soul. he is dead now, and i have wrestled with telling this ever since...now i have, i feel better, whether you all believe it or not...i know what i saw. and it was not my personal first time, that happened when i was about primary school age, it was a small orb orange, with a blue like flame or something all round it. it entered the house ,i was paralyzed, and just watched as it sat in mid air right by me at maybe 3 ft. then it shot off at an ungodly speed allthru the house, and out the back, after that i had dreams about it for years off and on, then, me and my dad had our experience. i have not had the dream ever since. maybe they did not enjoy me, but i'd give anything to see another 1.
