{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-10 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499402","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59736","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3636,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/402/mufon-5499402.json","updb_database_id":5499402}
Bright, pulsating light at night - not stars or planes

I have seen this on more than one occasion - at least 3 times.

I live in Nairobi, in an area called South C. I sometimes go out on my apartment balcony at night for no particular reason, just to look into the night.

This night I saw a very bright light in the sky, above a small commercial airport called Wilson Airport, which is about 5-8km away from my house in a straight line. But its very hard to say how far away the light really was. I was puzzled because I thought it could not be a star, since it was completely overcast - I know this because from other night lights (car headlights, house lights, street lights, etc) I could clearly see that it was very cloudy. In fact I could not even see the moon or any other stars. I also obviously thought it was most likely a plane. I have lived in the area over 20 years so I'm very familiar with many types of planes from Wilson Airport. I thought it may be a plane coming in to land at night, because when that happens the plane's landing lights are stationary and steady and pointing towards you for a few min. But this wasnt any plane. The light was high in the sky, I'd estimate very roughly about 1000ft, and it didnt move at all for all the time I observed it - about 20-30min.

But all the time the light was pulsating different colours, from white to bluish to red, and this was the strangest part. I also called my wife out out to the balcony and she also saw the same thing, then after a few minutes went back into the house and left me continuing to view it. Then after about 30min it just sort of faded away in a few seconds. There were also a few planes flying, but these were far-away large commercial planes coming in to land, and not at Wilson Airport, but at a larger international airport called Jomo Kenyatta Int'l Airport, which is about 20km away in a different direction. There were no planes coming in or taking off Wilson Airport at that time - they usually stop flying there by around 7pm, although during the day its very busy.

I have seen this 2 more times, all within Apr-Sep 2014, always at night between 8 and 10pm. But the other times it was not in the same position above the airport. But it was about the same size and also pulsed and changed colours and it also didnt move at all. One of the other times I also watched it until it slowly faded away again, and the other time I watched it for about 10min then went back to the house, so i dont know if it faded away or not. Again, the light is quite bright and its pulsating, so I'm sure I'm not confusing it for a star or a planet, and it fades after 20-30min, and also its definitely below the clouds.

I also called Wilson Airport and spoke to the head of security (cant remember his name) and reported what I'd seen, because Kenya and Nairobi is under high security alert, mainly because of al-Shabaab terrorists from Somalia. But he said nobody else had reported anything unusual, and he gave me his cellphone number in case I notice anything else unusual.
