{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-04 22:37:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501402","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57652","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2626,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/402/mufon-5501402.json","updb_database_id":5501402}
{dr}Watching and video filming fireworks at the beach. Observed the object twice and was able to get it on video second time.

I live right on the Pacific Ocean. The 4th of July fireworks are a big deal here and many people spend hundreds of dollars on some pretty impressive fireworks. It's still going as I write this.

I went outside for the second time around 10:30 tonight to video the great fireworks we have here at the beach. I was out earlier and chased back inside by mosquito's as there was virtually no wind at ground level. I saw the red orb and was disappointed I did not have the camera. I pretty much passed it off as it vanished.

The second time I went out, I was trying to gather as much fireworks action as possible and then I saw the "orb" again but this time I was able to get a video of it and also zoom in on it.

This is not a great video as I was moving the camera around fast until we get to the orb which occurs around the 3 minute mark. The red marks on the film are something on the camera. There are two houses in the background and one has a porch light. You can see the windows on the house to the south. 

The orb did not exhibit any distinct motions and then just vanished but, of course, I was looking at the screen on the camera as well. 

I came back in and downloaded the memory card to my computer...I got more excited watching the video and decide to report this. I have not erased the memory card.

If they can make a firework that can hover that long, I would be very surprised. It was not the USCG helicopter that flew by earlier or any aircraft that I know of.

The video seems to show what I would call a ball of fire that I could not see while filming it. The interruptions are the smoke clouds coming from the fireworks show in a SE direction.

I've never seen or heard of anything like this and would really like another opinion. 

I consider myself a very good observer.
