{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490402","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69188","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3828,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/402/mufon-5490402.json","updb_database_id":5490402}
Bright

Sunday August 9th 2015, Toronto Trinity Bellwood Park, public drum circle:

At around 2 or 3 or so many people all observed a stationary bright star in the blue sky above the drum circle. Theories were many, but the only ones that made sense were weather balloons, stationary satellite reflection, or super-nova. We could rule out planets, all the bright planets are in Leo with the sun and this was well over 90 degrees away from the sun in the middle of blue sky.

It disappeared and I was excited to maybe here about a supernova in the news.

Drum Circle ended at 6 then there was a yoga and sound therapy class that evolved out of the circle. While laying in the grass after one of the exercises (6:45-ish) I noted/ blurted out "Hey there is that Star again!"

A few people took notice with me and I would have just let it go myself, until two other identical looking stars moved from left(east) to right(west) at slightly different speeds then each other passing by the central un-moving "star".

Naturally I got up and left the yoga area and excitedly got the attention of other drum circle people who were relaxing and socializing on the lawn. I showed them the moving two stars flying in slightly undulating yet mostly straight paths in the blue sky, a small crowd of maybe 8 people gathered and we discussed; then to our excitement two more "stars" following the same flight path appeared in the west headed east and got very close together like the previous two had and slowly disappared, then two more came except these last two (last of three pairs that we observed moving) got close to the stationary star and then slowed there movements substancially and headed north and south slowly out from the one stationary star.

These two slowly disappeared over the course of 30 minutes. Clouds would come and go blotching out the one stationary star that remained through-out the observation of the other 6 moving objects. Then we noticed that the stationary star had moved higher during one of it's 'blotchings out' then with maybe 15 people watching the one star that had not moved slowly ascended higher and higher above us to the point where you had to look straight up (uncomfortable for the neck) to see it. 

We all said our prayers for it to come visit us and such. Then me and my friend went to go get some food as dusk began. Probably should have sat and observed it for dusk to see if it emmited it's own light after sundown but we didn't think of it at the time. It was probably around 8 when we left the park, during the long walk we would turn around and still see it high high in the sky.

The two obvious interpretations I have are:

1) Weather Balloons; maybe with different chemicals lifting them, different weight loads, different propulsion systems??? Though the major problem with this is why would the 6 'initially moving' ones all start and follow the same path and then the last two have very different outcomes, why were they able to pass the one stationary one, would the stationary one not have been in the same currents??

2) E.T.Craft: Alot of the earth is pretty boring and we were having alot of fun, so yeah, makes sense they'd want to stop by and observe us -- hahaha.
