{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485402","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74337","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5974,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/402/mufon-5485402.json","updb_database_id":5485402}
Twinkling star-like other doing impossible flight patterns in sky

My teenage girlfriend and I were out talking in construction site because there was a sand pile there to lay on and look at the sky.  After an hour of hanging out I noticed what looked like an extra bright star twinkling in the sky. No big deal....  Then it started to move an drift about the sky slowly at a speed about 2x's faster an a satellite. (I've owned some decent telescopes an have done a number of hours of constellation watching even at that time in my life). I pointed it out to my girlfriend and we both just watched thinking it was just bizarre at this point. For about five minutes it just slowly explored the sky from one end to another and not consistently moving in a straight lines, it would do some angles and soft bends.  Then it would stop for 2-3 minutes and just twinkle. Then at about ten minutes in it started to pick up speed after one of its "rests". The best way to describe the movement is to take a laser pointer and start doing erratic patterns on the ceiling including 180's bends, loops etc. When it would do a 180, there was -zero- sign of acceleration or deceleration. So zero inertia properties?? Totally unreal to see an object do that. It would do its patterns for about 2-3min and then just stop and stay still.  Zero reason I could see. About 140 degrees of sky was visible when you looked up that night as we were on a hill. It was exploring about 90-100 degrees of the sky as you looked straight up.  So that is to say covering enormous distances if it was that high up. I could cover that whole 90 swath of sky in less than a second, and it didn't have to do it straight, it could bend it or zig zag or go straight.  What speed is that! Imagine. 
So. At this point we had been watching it for 30min. And just not knowing what to do but just stare. Then it stopped again for one of its "rests". 
Then,... this is the crazy part.  When it was stopped there twinkling. What looked like a Shooting star lit up a streak almost hitting it...... But it wasn't a shooting star.... It looked like a shooting star hitting the brakes. So a streak of light about covering about 10 degrees of the sky looking up, going from what looked like Light speed, Warp speed, down to the pace a satellite moves.  ... Then it just crawled past at the first object at a satellite pace, got about 5 degrees by the first object, missing each other by two degrees...and then accelerated back to "warp" speed generating that same trail of white light, ... and the second object was gone...
The first object then traced the path of the second object as it got into it's flight path and (tried to follow? the second objects path to warp speed? it did this at its "laser pointer on the ceiling speed" which is extremely fast, but not turn your ship into stream of storing star light speed apparently :|)  I don't know what to say, other than thinking 20 years ago, "does this stuff happen all the time up there and I haven't just been looking??"  So the crazy part here and there are many, is that they were "aware" of each other. Holy crap. And that really freaked us out... we started to get really scared thinking that if that twinkling star could communicate and see that other object, maybe it could see that we were watching it, and we got very scared and started running back to the car... drove off freaked right out and looking out the windows to see if anything was following us. It was still in the sky as we ran back to the car, but by the time we got home about 10 minutes later and looked up we didn't see anything.  So thats it.  I've been telling anybody who was interested that story for 20 years and everybody just said I'm either stupid or just flat out wrong.. My girlfriend even turned on me after a couple weeks changing her story to "we didn't see anything".

So take it for what you will. That's all there is.
The crazy things here:
This craft and the (beings?) inside (unmanned?) has the ability to act and move without feeling the effects of inertia,.. F#&king crazy.
Two: What was the purpose of what it was doing these seemingly pointless patterns in the sky and then pausing?  It came to me that if you open your mind,.. maybe there was no goal... They were having fun with the ship?. It was Friday night fun?.. They were teenagers with "dad's" car.  Ever consider that?  
Three:  There is such a thing as "light speed".... if not light speed, so fast you become invisible, no more light streak behind you.
Four: There's more than one of these things -and- While doing light speed you can actually sense there's some punk in front of you "doing dough nuts all over the path". At the very least The Second ship had to be aware that the first ship was out there and there was a possibility of collision.

For your own understanding, to give you an idea if you raise your thumb to the sky and give the thumbs up sign to the sky, the span of your thumb is covering what I'm calling 2 degrees of sky for the purpose of imagery.

One thing has occurred to me, what really stands out here is the observation of hyper speed. and the these things can communicate with each other even if they are from different "squadrons?" or more different races?... we'll never know the relationship between the two...

Oh ya, the whole thing was completely silent.
