{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503402","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55542","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3709,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/402/mufon-5503402.json","updb_database_id":5503402}
{cak} First encounter at about age 4, have had multiple thru life and several over last two years, all different, some similar.

My first of many experiences, more frequent the past few years or so. This was when I was about 4 years old, approx 3 am, I awoke in upstairs bedroom at my grandparents home. My bed faced a window on second floor and I don't know why I awaoke but there was a bright light in the room, glowing but not blinding. There were 3 other children sleeping in the room with me, as I looked around and sat up, everyone else was sound asleep and not moving. Then outside as I looked through the window I saw orbs of light, red and green I remember clearly about the size of golf balls. They were moving in a circular rotation around each other, like orbiting I guess you could describe it and were moving towards the window of my room. I was confused and felt frightened but couldnt scream or cry, I looked for someone to wake up but nobody did. The orbs of light continued to descend down and closer to the windown and came right thru the closed glass and into the room. They stopped and hovered, still rotating in the circular orbiting motion right about me. This experience lasted for a few minutes and then I have no memory. The next morning I didn't speak about it to anyone else. But I couldn't shake the experience, it did not feel like a dream at all. As I was in that same room playing on the floor with another child the window that they came thru the night before was closed and suddenly burst and shattered outwards. Neither of us were even close to it, nothing was flung to break it and we sat astonished. We got blamed for breaking that window but to this day I know we did not. I did't tell anyone about what happened the night before.
My next experience happened at about 8 to 10 years of age I believe. This time in a neighboring state, 3 entitites, I still can remember them vividly actually appeared in my bedroom in the middle of the night. One on each side of me and one behind me or towards my head. I could only see that on if i lifted my head backwards to see it. The others were one on each side and my bed I felt or maybe just me was raised up above the normal level of the bed. This was the only time I SAW the beings, they did not look like the typical ET's that are described with big eyes and strange shaped head, they weren't pretty at all and not human for sure. As time passed throughout my lifetime I have had multiple paranormal activity follow me and just recently I have seen crafts hovering and at times on a daily basis. I have been followed by these orbs and I am not crazy. I have time missing on several occassions or have woken with my clothes on backwards or no memory of how I got from one place to another. So much more to tell but this is all just not starting to affect me and I feel intuition and other strange things occuring to my body. The rest I will save to relay to an investigator is one would like to contact me. I would appreciate any reply or interest in what I have to say about this matter and the strange events that have followed me a lifetime.
