{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-04-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500402","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58705","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2719,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/402/mufon-5500402.json","updb_database_id":5500402}
{nd} 5 year old daughter reports entity in room

My daughter came running to my bed in the middle of the night one night when we lived up in the mountains of Colorado. I thought she'd had a bad dream. The next morning when I asked about it, she told me she didn't have a dream. That it was real. She said she woke up and saw a small grey being standing next to her bed looking at her toys. She said that it then turned it's head and looked at her. She the got up and ran past it to my room. She said it did not try to do anything to her but that she was scared. I got a piece of paper and had her tell me how to draw it. She described something a little unexpected to me. While I drew the head like most alien head you see on tv with the big black eyes, she told me no, that the were big and dark but more round and had lines on them. When I asked her if she meant like a flies eyes or an insect, she said no. She said they were like crossed lines. Like the eyes had some sort of criss-crosses or x's or something of that nature. She described it as black and yellow. She also knows her colors pretty well and I was confident when she turned away the orange and red and picked the yellow. She made it sound as if the eyes had some sort of covering on them. She said it also had pointy teeth but I couldn't get a good understanding of what she meant. I was very surprised at what she described because I have never exposed her to any alien shows or anything that could have given her that visual. I didn't think it fit with what I've always seen or heard about what these little grey men supposedly look like.  Unless she was dreaming about one of the teletubbies, my husband and I are at a loss. She also oddly enough told me of a vision or dream she had that felt very real where an asteroid smashed into us killing everyone. She was really scared and I had to reassure her for a couple of days.  These two reports were not far apart. Maybe within months of each other. I just remember being very concerned for her and why she would think up such things. I might have the original drawing I made but I'd have to look through boxes.
