{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-03-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493906","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65596","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2584,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/906/mufon-5493906.json","updb_database_id":5493906}
{rjl} Coyotes howling louder than normal prompted me to go outside. After observing 6 bright white lights flashing simultaneously, about 2 miles to the southeast, a spot light turned on directly over my head

I was watching television around 7:00 pm on a week night while waiting for my wife to get home from work. I heard coyotes howling abnormally loud over the sound of the TV. I walked outside to investigate and noticed 6 bright white lights flashing simultaneously about 2 miles to the southeast. They were in a straight line and appeared to be about 1000 feet above the ground. I first assumed that they were just a group of C-130 aircraft, from a nearby air force base, on night maneuvers, which is not uncommon. After observing them for several seconds, I realized that I could not hear their familiar sound and then I noticed that the white strobe lights were flashing simultaneously instead of individually. after several minutes of watching these lights to see if they would get out of flash sequence, they never did, and I also noticed that they never changed position the entire time, as if just hovering. after several minutes, of observing these 6 strobe lights, a very bright spot light shined on me from directly over head. I was unable to ascertain the elevation of this light due to its intensity, but I estimated its elevation at 100 to 200 feet. There was absolutely no sound at all. I did not have a clue as to what this object was and still don't. The light was bright enough to see the ground around me on a very dark night. This spot light shined on me for about one full minute and I was so mesmerized that I could not look away. After a minute the spot light turned off and as the light was dimming, the object started moving very slowly to the south. I really never saw a structured object due to the intensity of the spot light. the event was suddenly over and i have never been able to figure out what happened. I often wonder about the event, but try not to dwell on it.
