{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-07-15 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5461906","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"99120","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3109,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/906/mufon-5461906.json","updb_database_id":5461906}
{cak} 4 people witness UFO hover and then make multiple impossible directional movements

The sighting took place during the summer months. July I think. It was beautiful outside and the sky was clear. My brother (T) and I went to visit with Lonnie and Tonya. They lived just a few houses away, On the next street. We decided to take a blanket out back to their horse pasture, behind the house. 
 The four of us laid down and looked at the sky. We talked and joked from dusk until well after it was dark out. There were no lights on in the backyard. The view was unimpeded by trees or vegetation. 
   As we were laying there, facing north, I noticed a light coming from the west toward us. It wasn't yet clear it wasn't a normal aircraft. At this point it moved slowly. Until it got almost above us. It was close to the ground. Maybe 500-800 feet. This thing was MASSIVE. The strange part is, it didn't make a single bit of sound. It hovered completely still. Not quite over us but barely to the west. It had a bright light in the center. The other lights on the bottom were not as bright as the middle light. I would say this thing was 2/3 the size of a football field. It was dark colored. Looked to have some print or symbols on it but I couldn't see them clearly. It looked to be rectangular. But I was seeing it from under and the side. So it could have been triangular or square. I just saw two angles on my side. I could not see the top of it at all. It was too big and too close to see anything but the bottom and side. It hovered in this position for what seemed to be forever but was really only maybe 1 or 2 minutes. We were stunned and staring. I don't think anyone turned away from it. We were in awe. 
 All of a sudden, this thing goes from 2/3 the size of a football field straight up in the air. Directly up. Then we could only see the light. Which was the size of a soccer ball. So from football field to soccer ball in a fraction of a second. With not a single sound or bit of wind. It stopped.Then it shoots to the west. Now its the size of a pin head. It stopped again and then shot straight up and was gone. All the movement. Happened in 1 second. The up, stop, to my left (west), stop again and up again. So from that huge size to so small it was not visible in 1 second with no noise or anything. 
  I am a skeptic. I don't believe in ghosts or things like that. I just can not reconcile what could do that. It bothers me now 21 years later. I know no one could have had the tech to do that then.
