{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527906","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27703","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3886,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/906/mufon-5527906.json","updb_database_id":5527906}
What we thought was a reddish-orange star wasnt.....

First off I'd like to say that a telescope or a pair of binoculars is the best thing to have on hand during theses incidents....believe it or not! I do not not remember the exact date of this incident, but I clearly remember what I/we saw. It was summer time and me, my ex girlfriend, and her cousin were horse playing around at her aunts house in the driveway. It was late in the evening when the sun had almost set. I always liked to look up at the sky, and up until that day I'd never seen anything unusual other than comets. As I looked up west in the sky I could see some of the stars that were becoming visible because night was about to fall, but there was was an odd one sitting there shining a bright reddish-orange color. I pointed it out to my ex girlfriend (girlfriend at the time) and her cousin. They thought it was odd as well. Then her cousin came up with the assumption that it was one of the planets in our solar system that could be seen with the naked eye that time of year. That theory of his was quickly destroyed when that object started to move to the right (north). We were all awe struck! It was a very big coincidence to me that I remembered that her cousin had a telescope that he had never used before. I was very excited and anxious to see up close what this thing was, so I told him to hurry and run inside to get his telescope. He did and meanwhile my ex was very excited and scared. She ran inside also to tell here aunt about it. By the time my ex, her aunt, and her cousin came back out (3min) the view of the object was ubstruckted by several big pine trees. My first instinct was to have all three of them to jump in my car. We did and the closest and biggest open space I could think of is this middle school that had a track in the back of it about less than a quarter mile away. When we got there we still saw the object in the sky. I quickly set up the telescope and I was extremely amazed of what I saw. This thing was shaped almost like a diamond with four similar diamond like objects that were spinning independently while at the same time all four of the smaller objects were rotating around the bigger object and they were not connected to anything(all had a fiery glow)! I'll also remind you that my ex, her aunt, and her cousin also looked into the telescope and saw what I saw. There was a 5th witness to. This guy was running around that track with his wife that evening. He was curious about what we were looking at. We were so amazed by what we were looking at that we just told the guy to look for himself. When he did he became frantic and was yelling for his wife to come take a look. By the time she made it to us, the object sped away like nothing I'd ever seen......in a blink of an eye going north! I hear people talking all of the about secret military experiments. I know for a fact that what we saw that evening wasn't any type of military experiment. The human body isn't built to take on that type of speed! I may not have any kind of video or photos to back my claims up, but I know what I and the others saw was very real and not of this planet! I urge everyone to use a telescope or binoculars so you can get a detailed view of the strange lights that are seen in our skies!
