{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-20 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503161","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55798","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3540,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/161/mufon-5503161.json","updb_database_id":5503161}
walking home, heading west, it passed from left to right, south to north slight dip in flight pattern, white orb (light) with just over half of bottom red light like an eclipse of a circle.

iam nearly 60years old. having experiences since childhood.have perfect knowlege of bible and perfect belief in the lord.know i have salvation by the lords sacricfice on the cross. its a fact. studying bible over 20 years daily without fail. have seen spirits of humans and spirits of alien looking persons and other beings. have had biblical visions and all types of experiences. it increased exponentially since salvation came. have had a few dreams where i was facing non humans. i was awake on my bed one day relaxing and the next thing i was in a cockpit of a circular craft a million times more futuristic than anything seen in movies and i could seee out through all the walls if thats what you call them. saw an 8 foot tall spirit in my bedroom one night , i told ye about that some years ago, and i,ve had hundreds of other things happen mostly spiritual which are fairly private.
i had some motorcycle crashes in my youth and banged my head a few times and my system is a bit shaky but i,ll make it praise the lord. 

to put in the points mentioned above===, on this occasion i was coming home from my town and approaching my abode facing west and it was right in the sky crossing over from left to right. it gave a dip in the sky like a sag in its trajectory all the while i saw it . i didnt wait till it went out of view
,i was tired and just stopped looking at it and went in the gate to my right and forgot about it . im a bit fed up of it all. very tired. a few days before or a day before a telepathic message came to me that one was going to come.im in contact telepathically about 3 years but on a few occasions in my life i got a few messages telepathically that saved my bacon in some way.
it was right there low in the sky passing my view.
i knew it was a strange one right away, out of the ordinary.
it was a full circle of white and red light white on top and red underneath with the red covering the bottom  slightly to the right of the circle.
it flew in a mild arc with a slight dip all the way 
i was amazed and kept walking and as i said i am tired of it all so i just turned in my gate and didnt look up antmor and just went in home. i find it all a bit unhinging at times as i m exhausted and am plagued with personal problems ata the moment as ive been keepng myself overactive for years wondering whats the outcome at all. it think they are coming out of the woodwork soon. for all to see , depending on the lie of the land all over the globe.thank you , please excuse the writing punctuation as i said im tired jesus saves amen.

the spirit s i ssw were like human with bodies and beautiful feauturs out of this world really, some were tall whites and one stood next to me a few times iknow he wes friendly explanation of entities
