{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489161","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70471","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2810,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/161/mufon-5489161.json","updb_database_id":5489161}
{cak} Two starlike objects moving then flashed brightly and disappeared

I was sitting in my hot tub this past winter watching the sky. I was looking at the stars and watching for meteors. I had recently bought a large refracting telescope and was just in the process that week of looking for a place to set it up. So, I was sitting there relaxing (no drinking) and I see a star-like light moving in the southeastern sky. Nothing strange about that since I live between Philly and Baltimore and there are always planes on their flight paths. However, this light was moving across those paths rather than along them. It had no strobe and I heard no sound. It was a quiet winter night. I figured it was a satellite and thought "how neat." It was moving fast and was the size of a large star in the sky but not Venus-like. Well, as I watched it move across the sky, it suddenly flashed and grew twice it size for about a second then simply disappeared from view. It did not grow smaller. It simply disappeared. Well, I thought that It was strange and that I must have been mistaken. Then a second star-like light that I had not been tracking moved from an angle into that same approximate spot about 30 seconds later and did the same thing...flashed to about twice it original size and disappeared. So, I am confident that both did this. Nothing more that I could tell. But after 33 years with the Army and seeing lots of "interesting" things, this was not normal.

So, actually I think this is the second time. About a month before in the western sky, I see a very similar thing...small time of night but the star-light is very tiny...barely visible. I definitely thought that it was a satellite. It did not flash but simply disappeared from my vision. It didn't reach my horizon so I wondered why I couldn't see it. It was moving faster than the typical aircraft flights I see each day. But, then, three more small moving light came from different angles into that general spot in the sky and disappeared as well. Plans don't converge from different angles and satellites moving across the sky don't come in threes or fours. So that's my story. Was watching your tv show and thought I would at least drop this note.
