{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492161","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67388","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3353,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/161/mufon-5492161.json","updb_database_id":5492161}
{jpg} My wife and I witnessed two UFO's, in the sky at first then they came up close and hovered at treetop level.

While driving at night in 1977, my wife and I witnessed strange flashing lights in the sky. They weren't flashing in a straight line as an airplane would but they were flashing in random positions and moving erratically. We both noticed them at the same time and she said "What is that?" Being an unbeliever at the time, I jokingly replied "Close encounters of the third kind". Then suddenly the lights came straight toward us and were no longer lights but rather aircraft of some sort. We only saw one at the time and it was hovering just above the treetops, maybe forty feet off the ground. I turned the car down the street where the UFO appeared to be and stopped the car to get a closer look. I got out of the car and was standing in the street looking up at this thing. I was so close that I could see what appeared to be a row of windows down the side and bright white light was emanating from within the craft. There was a weird colored amber light on the front, a blue light in the middle and a white light on the stern. I could see depth or space in the craft though the windows. And the astonishing thing was there wasn't a hint of any noise. No turbulence on the treetops, no hum, no buzz...totally silent. As I was standing there observing this thing, my wife shouts "Randy, there's another one!" from inside the car. She was looking out the back window and saw a second craft coming up at a right angle to the first, like a wing man. Again, not a sound. It cruised up and stopped behind the first one. While I'm standing there, the first one slowly glided across the street right in front of my car and started to descent below the treeline on the other side of the street. Below the treeline was an school baseball field. My wife said "It's landing in the baseball field" so I hopped back in the car and took off around the corner to the field. It didn't take more than a few seconds to get there and when we did, we could see this thing hovering not ten feet off the ground. It sat there long enough for us to get a good look at it, then suddenly it shot up into the sky at such a high velocity that I knew it could not be man made. It was as if it was sucked back up into the sky. So I took off back to where we had left the second one and it was gone too. Right after they left, we could see those weird lights in the sky again but then they disappeared. I haven't told anyone this experience for fear of being ridiculed. My wife has since become very religious and she thinks that what we saw were demons because she knows full well that they weren't of this planet. I myself know that we saw extraterrestrial craft.
