{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-07 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486161","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73555","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2467,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/161/mufon-5486161.json","updb_database_id":5486161}
{dr}V-Shaped craft more than a thousand feet wide, black in color, with 5 large (round) see-through lights. No sound was heard.

I went to the soda machine and bought a soda about 0200 in the morning. The night was clear with almost no wind. On the way back to the Emergency Room I took a drink of soda as I walked between two buildings. As I did this I noticed a huge v-shaped craft flying very slowly over me in a northerly direction. It was a completely silent craft with a dull black and smooth exterior surface. There were no rivets, windows, or panels that I could see. The craft had 5 large, dimly lit, and round lights as I would initially think they were. There was one at the nose of the craft and two on each of the arms that formed the "V" of the craft. The lit areas were almost as wide as the craft and I could see the stars and sky through them. They were however not a constant lit area because they shimmered like a mirage does on a hot asphalt road. That is when I thought they must be the propulsion devices of the craft. The craft moved approximately 40-60 MPH and I'm glad it did because it gave me more time to view it. As I came out of the area between the two buildings, and into an open parking lot I noticed a security officer and called to him to look up. He began cursing over and over until I had to tell him to shut up because I wanted to see if I could actually hear the propulsion device or any other sound the craft made. Nothing, not a sound, no wind, no heat, no magnetism, nothing. The craft headed towards the vertical face of a mountain behind the place I work. I thought to myself "it's going to crash into the mountain". That's when it disappeared, blinked out, gone. I do not remember how I got back inside the building of my job. This incident has changed my life. I no longer have to wonder if other life exists in the universe. I know.
