{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-04-28 03:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5461156","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"99966","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4889,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/156/mufon-5461156.json","updb_database_id":5461156}
{jpg} Saw a few Objects flying. The first one had three Horizontal lights, the rest were balls of light

I witnessed the first one after getting the snow and ice off of my girlfriends car. It was heading east. I heard nothing from the sky or the streets. No cars passing, no humming from an airplane, not a chirp from birds. We have a flight path around my neighborhood. No matter how far the planes are you can faintly hear them especially if it’s 3am on a Sunday morning. My girlfriend was with me, I told her I saw something so she got out of her car and we walked around the blooming tree to get a better view. It had three bright lights horizontal with a red beacon on the bottom. It was about 1-2 sec before turning on and off again. It was quiet. Just by telling how bright the lights were it was either very big or super close but it was going at a decent speed and I didn’t notice it earlier due to cleaning off the car. After that went over a house and out of our sight I looked up and saw another one flying almost in the same direction. This one seemed to be heading east but then made a path going towards the north east. It was so bright you’d think it’d be a star or planet if it was stationary. No beacons but all of them would dim out like it noticed me looking at it. I did have a weird feeling looking at it but probably because I couldn’t believe my eyes at what I was seeing. Eventually that one disappeared in either the distance as it was raising in altitudes or just not emitting anymore light. As I was walk her back to her car I saw the third one. This one was very bright as well. This one was heading west. Once again, so bright that if it was stationary you’d think it was a star or planet. This one vanished pretty quickly as well. All I could think was that I finally had a witness and knew I wasn’t crazy but it still didn’t seem real. Once the third one vanished I kissed her goodbye and watched her leave but continued standing out in the cold watching the sky. My eyes are darting around at this point looking for more of them. I was looking toward the south west, approximate region, as saw a bright flash, less than have a second. My head and eyes snapped to the position once again seeing another, fourth one I believe. At this point I’m out by myself so I have no more witnesses. The forth one had that bright flash but when I looked at it it was really dim but as it was flying it gradually got brighter then dimmed again. So dim in fact that if i had a telescope I could see the body and shape of the object but it was so high that I could barely tell what it was. Almost as if wanted me to notice or giving me a sign that it realized I saw it. Or maybe I’m just crazy. I can’t remember, I might have seen one more but I was freezing and decided to head back inside still in amazement of what I witnessed. I’m 21 years old and have always been a sky gazer as long as I can remember. I’ve seen plenty of airplanes and none of the ones flying even looked close to what I saw. Airplane lights were so dim compared to the objects I saw. The beacons were too fast compared to the first one. From seeing faint lights from satellites or telescopes to airplanes, nothing were comparable. Which reminds me, this event happened around the time Barack Obama’s was running for his first term in office. I lived in Chicago and was very young, I was at the bus stop with my mother and younger sister. Everyone was looking up in the sky but I wasn’t paying attention. My mom nudged me and told me to look up and you could see clear as day three triangles gliding through the clear blue sky. No clouds in sight. They were almost transparent if I remember. People were lying to themselves saying they were paragliders... there wasn’t a building tall enough in sight for them to have jumped off of. Not to mention almost being see through. I remember it being broadcasted on the news the next night but I can’t find anything on it. The first story was from this morning Sunday April 28th, 2019. The second was a while ago. Sadly I didn’t get a picture or video because I didn’t have my phone with me or I would have proof. I didn’t want to run inside and miss anything as well. Hopefully you enjoyed reading and wasn’t too long. Thanks!
