{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-07 05:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484156","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75683","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2715,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/156/mufon-5484156.json","updb_database_id":5484156}
{nd} Small bright light that hovered and moved slowly to the left, turning then slowly flashing three lights from left to right

The event started at 5:00am central time. The siting started over the neighbors house across the street, then slowly seemed to make its way over to our house. 
 After getting some stuff off the couch and straightening up, I walked back to the kitchen and ended up stopping in front of the dining room window to see a bright light. The light was bigger than a star, and MUCH brighter. It was like looking at a much smaller sized sun. It was like staring at a car's headlights. There was no defined edge. Instead, the light rays radiated in all directions. There were no light beams coming from the object. It was a bright orb that was moving quite slowly and had no sound to it.  When I first saw it, it was to the right of me at a slightly SE direction and travelling left toward the north. I tried to turn off all the lights to see it better. As it drew closer, it made a turn towards the west. It was then I noticed 3 flashing lights on it located in an area from the middle to the bottom of the object and flashing from left to right. They didn't flash together but instead they sequenced, 1,2,3. I tried to get an even better look, but when I looked back, it seemed to have escaped over my house and disappear. It's speed was the same and it was completely silent throughout the siting. 
 I stay up all night nearly every night. I'm very familiar with what my neighborhood is like at this time, Also, in my house, you can hear a car pass, an airplane or jet fly over, kids playing down the street, or anything. This thing, as sure as heck, I couldn1t hear at all! 
 After thinking about this today, the object reminded me of what a very bright Chinese Lantern would look like with left to right flashing lights. Only it was round and not oval and it didn't flicker. Honestly, I've never seen a Chinese Lantern ever with flashing lights! I would question it being a toy drone, Chinese Lantern, or something like that being flown around. But at this time of night/day, I1m also highly doubting it.
