{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-11-26 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549156","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5824","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2229,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/156/mufon-5549156.json","updb_database_id":5549156}
Fireball object that suddenly dissappeared

I was driving to the end of Castor Road and making a left turn onto Faith Road when I seen this fireball in the shape of a blimp shoot across the sky just in front of me but only a short distance before it dissappeard into nothingness. The way I would describe it would be like from a science fiction movie of dissappearing into another dimension, because, the object did not shoot further into the sky and fade away. It appeared to be stationary at first and then shot off and just vanished right through the sky like it went through a portal. Very weird and hard to describe accept to say like it went through a stargate of sorts and was gone. Like it would appear for a person to dissappear into a wall. Before reaching the end of the road, I was curious about what appeared to be an orange glow in the sky ahead of me. It was hard to make out for the trees but when I got to the end, and especially when I turned, I could see it more clearly and then it shot off and vanished. I am not a big UFO fanatic but this is the second time I have seen something this clearly strange since I have lived here in Rowan County. I had reported another sighting around a year ago but I recieved back an e-mail suggesting that I was not being truthfull and the report was not accepted because I could not remember the date. It was some years before that I had that experience and I tried to then re-submit the report guessing at an exact date to that event but I still could not be sure. That is why I thought I would report this one right away. I am sure this time. I hope this report might be accepted.
