{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-29 07:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529156","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26380","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3441,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/156/mufon-5529156.json","updb_database_id":5529156}
Star/Planet like object in southern sky approximately 30 degrees above horizon observed for a few minutes before "disappearing".

I was driving to work traveling south on the four lane and observed a "star/planet like" object to the south approximately 30 degrees above the horizon (I had to lean forward a little to observe the object while driving)> At first it appeared to be very far away as a star or planet would be. I say "as a planet would be" because it was as bright as Venus or Jupiter would appear if it was at night - brighter than a star. At first I thought it might be a planet, but I do not remember seeing any planet that brightly in that position this time of year nor at this time of day. At one point I said to myself, "I guess it COULD be a star." Then I looked around to see if I could see any other stars in the sky and I could not - it was too light out by that time in the morning - it was a bright and clear October morning and the sun had not risen above the horizon yet, but there was enough sunlight that no stars could be seen by this time. I was now quite curious as to what the object might be and considered that it might be the landing lights on a large passenger jet coming in for a landing at the airport which is also south by several miles from my observation point. However after observing the object (which appeared to be stationary) for a couple of minutes (the object also appeared at first appeared to be thousands of miles away and then seemed to be much closer - like an airplane with it's landing lights on - though this light seemed much too bright to be the landing lights of an aircraft that far away). Then I thought that it might be a UFO and having read many accounts of people seeing UFOs I determined to communicat with the object mentally (I know that sounds weird, but I have read that people have done this and I thought "Why not? Let's just see what happens!") and I "said" to it - "If you are a UFO, come closer so I can take a really good look at you, but if you are an airplane, then continue doing what you are doing." At that point the object "disappeared". It didn't "fade out" like turning a large DC powered lamp or light off (or like a jetliner turning during an approach pattern). One second it was "there" and in a split second later it was "gone". Then I observed what I will describe as "strobes" or quick "flashes of light". They were so tiny and so quick, I questioned whether I had actually seen them or if I was imagining them. There were two strobes/flashes of light. One to the left of the original position of the bright object and one to the right of the original position of the bright object which I initially observed (and the "flashes" might possibly have occured at a slightly different elevation than the original bright stationary object).
