{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-21 19:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514156","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44077","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4314,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/156/mufon-5514156.json","updb_database_id":5514156}
{cak} Object with dim orange lights hovered in sky then took off up and to the northeast

I was driving on the night of November 21, 2012. At 7:00pm to 7:10 pm I observed a "falling star" in the direct east. 15 to 20 minutes later as I was traveling south down Book Road, I noticed a small arrangement of dim orange lights, to the east, hovering at a lower altitude than anything in the sky. At first it appeared to be above a neighborhood because the more I observed it, the closer I felt I was to it. I decided to pull over and observe further. I was now facing east and standing still. I realized the object was about 35 to 50 feet in diameter and slowly moving north. I noticed the orange lights were in a triangular pattern, 3 with one in the middle. There also appeared to be dim orange light connecting each of the 3 outer orange lights to the middle/center light. I then took a few seconds to see if anyone else was seeing what I was seeing, but no one seemed to notice. I then continued to observe the object. It was dark, therefore I was unable to see the body shape of the craft, but I believe it to be either a triangle or a disc. The object started to move faster and become harder to see. It started to ascend and turn toward the northeast. I now believed I was looking at the back of the craft. As it was becoming harder to see the dim orange lights, the center light flashed once and the craft traveled up and away to the northeast. It got smaller and smaller and disappeared. This all happened in a 30 second time frame. This was not a plane or a helicopter. 

The only reason I noticed this object was because I was hoping to see another falling star while I was driving. When my eyes came across the orange glow, my first reaction was to judge the height and distance. I thought it was an illuminated blimp of some sort. It was unordinarily close to the ground, which prompted me to pull over. There were planes in the sky that almost seemed to move faster in the background of this object. The lights on the object did not flicker or flash, just a constant dim orange glow. When the lights became harder to see, I believed it was moving away from me and accelerating to the north. I tried hard to keep my eyes on it when I saw a single flash from the middle of the object and it ascended to the northeast at, what appeared to be, a high rate of speed until it was no longer visible. It was like watching a small blimp with dim orange lights underneath it hover for 15 seconds, start slowly moving north for 10 seconds, flash once, and then shoot off in to space in a matter of 5 seconds.

 I am a believer in the likelihood of life on other planets. As a result, I have an interest in UFOs. When I first realized I was observing something unusual in the sky I got excited. When I couldnt identify what I was seeing, I was confused. When the object appeared to take off into space, I was astonished. When I realized that what I observed in that 30 second time frame had the makings of a true UFO sighting, I was scared. I then started to wonder whether what I saw 15 minutes earlier was a falling star or if possibly I observed this craft having a hot descent through our atmosphere.

I feel silly reporting this, but I need to know if anyone else saw what I saw and I think this is the best way to go about it. There was something in the sky and I hope some Naperville or Bolingbrook residents read this and also make a report to confirm this event. It only takes a few minutes.
I hope all I saw was a small cluster of Chinese lanterns burn out, one by one, but the wind tonight was SSW at 10mph.....
