{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502156","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56862","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3349,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/156/mufon-5502156.json","updb_database_id":5502156}
{dr}Appeared to ascend from water 300 yards away& float over me then ascend over the mountains then up into space.

On Vacation, at 3am It was very warm & I couldn't sleep so, I decided to take a rubber lifeboat from the 36ft. houseboat, we rented and row out into the middle of lake Meade. I got about 1/3 the distance to mid lake (3 mi. across from shore to shore)when I saw an orange glow beneath the water 200 yards ahead of me. An orange sphere ascended from beneath to a height of apprx. 60 ft., and traveled west towards the parking lot (3 miles away). after a couple minutes it changed course directly headed in my direction. At first I thought it had mearly stopped, but as it got larger, it became obvious it was heading in my direction. As it got closer I could see it was apprx. 60 ft. in diameter, and 60 ft. above the water, which reflected the orange glow it was emmiting. Eventually it traversed directly over my head, though without slowing at all, continued on a course directly towards the houseboat from whence I came. The houseboat was tied to the Rock formation at the entrance of a sandstone canyon approx. 1/3 mile into the 1500 ft. mountains on the north side of Lake Meade. That is when I could confirm the altitude of the sphere, as it floated over the houseboat, and on into the canyon. It lit up the sandstones escarpments of the canyon very well as it moved. when it reached the end of the canyon it ascended up, and over the top of the mountains where it remained out of sight (except for the glowing orange hue radiating the maountain skyline. After several minutes it ascended into sight, then darted straight up, and dissapeared into space. It never exceeded a speed of approx. 6 knots from the first sighting until it departed. I have to admit, I was terrified when it floated directly over my head. It was completely silent. I really don't know if it saw me, or not. No one back at the house boat was awake to observe what happened. I know hat I saw, but I can only guess what it was. It was definitely under the control of something, and I kind of believe it came from Area 51, located a few miles from Lake Meade. It just appeared to be some kind of "Test" of an incredibly advanced technology acquired by this government. That's my take on the incident. There are much better places for the extraterrestrials to hide, or conduct experiments than "Lake Meade"! However it (IS) a very convenient location for performing black ops investigations on captured technology. I'm 66 y.o. and have no reason to make something like this up. Hell, It took me this long just to tell anyone but my closest friends. I could have been a little more detailed but, this pretty well covers the facts of the profoundly incredible incident.
