{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1984-08-11 22:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503156","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55804","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7278,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/156/mufon-5503156.json","updb_database_id":5503156}
{kt}3 greys appear out of a blue light in 66. visual sighting of craft in 1980 with wife as witness. 1984, blue light appears at night withan incrdible light display, comes close to us. hours of missing time as indicated by clock. More complicated visuals

Complicated story that takes place over a number of years. Started with the feeling of something being in the sky while driving home from a band job with my drummer in car. I have been a musician for many years, playing with stars like Hendrix, Denver, Everly Bros, Hermits, Litle Richard and more. Thus i drive a lot at night. On this first night, "something " was in the sky, watching us. That feeling went on for weeks, then it took residence in our home. I reported it to my parents often. Weeks after this initial scare, i came home at 3:00 a.m. ready to sleep. Suddenly, out of darness at the foot of my bed, a beautiful blue light appeared out of nowhere. It was small at first, almost sulphuric in color. As i watched it, frozen and unable to move or call for my parents, it began to grow in size, swirling in a clockwise motion. It became the size or a 4 foot by 4 foot screen of sorts, and out of this bluish screen came 3 alien heads. The typical greys with slits for nose, slit for mouth and vertical eyes. They spoke to me, telepathically, but i was terrified and kept repeating "God don`t let me die." It was fairly lengthy, not sure how long. Once it became clear to them that i was not listening perhaps, they faded back into the light, and once gone, the entire process went backwards. The light moved in a counter-clockwise motion, becoming smaller until it reached a golfball size again, as at first. Then, it simply vanished into thin air as tho it was never there. I was freed of the cold and inability to move, and ran into my parents room, frightened and describing what had taken place. We talked for an hour or so and returned to bed. Oddly enough, it was not discussed over the years tho i did send a report in to Blue Boook in the mid 70`s. In 1979 i began to experience a series of " visions " pertaing to future events. All these " visions " were experienced while waking in the morning, sitting on the edge of my bed. They involve catastrophic events such as the cutting off of the oil supply to the United States which will bring total chaos such as we have never seen in this country. I was contacted by That`s Incredible in 1980, investigated by their staff, (they also investigated witnesses regarding my predictions) and i was a guest on the show, having predicted Hurricane Fredick which struck the Mobile area in 1979, causing great damage. But seeing this wasn`t my doing, it was, i`m certain, part of the future i was shown by some unexplainable force. (for lack of a better word) Following this, my wife and i, in 1980, witnessed a UFO crossing the moon and we both saw it clearly. It was silent, moving from left to right, had no lights and moved slowly. It was very large. It was, oddly enough, in the airspace surrounding the Philadelphia airport, thus the extreme importance of it having no lighting whatsoever. That`s simply impossible to do. 1984 bought the most amazing experience of all. We had just retired for the evening to a darkened room, ready to sleep. Out of nowhere, a glowing blue ball of light appeared at the foot of our bed. A beautiful light that hung there for a bit as we stared at it, holding each others hands. Then it started to move towards us, until it was a foot or two from our faces. It moved in front of us, going from side to side as tho we were being examined or studied in some way. We both watched it, i with tears streaming down my face. We were fully awake and whispering to each other as this happened, not frightened but fully involved in this incredible thing that was taking place. Then, it moved away again, centered above the bed, and then, out of the ball of light came a light display that was not of this earth. It sent beams of light in every direction, and they were shapes that neither of us have ever seen before, nor could we describe them. The light show it produced was spectacular, filling the room. The lights seemed to be "giving birth " to something we both thought later, and it kept sending out these astounding rays of color and shapes. Then, we were both lifted into the clouds and even described the feeling to each other as we were awake all this time. We were " floating in the clouds " side by side, still holding each others hands and watching the room`s ceiling disappear. All we saw was the sky above us as we laid in the clouds. Next, we returned to the bed, the light show ended, and the blue light returned to the foot of the bed and vanished. It left us in the darkened room, totally in disbelief,and excited of course. We immediately got out of bed, went out into the living room, talking about what had taken place, and i looked at the clock. We had gone to bed at approximately 10:45, and it was now well after 4:00 in the morning. What seemed like 15 minutes to us was in fact, hours. Hours of missing time we could not explain but knew had gone by in mere minutes. I wrote all of it down in brief as i generally make it a practice to document things of this nature. To date i have predicted a number of major events, mainly natural disasters or things that spell doom in some way or another. I have a bag of newspaper articles detailng these predictions, have been in newspapers regarding them such as the Philadelphia Inquirer, Mobile Press Register, Gloucester County Times, Camden Courier Post and so on. I`m certin the " ability have " to see future events is not a psychic gift but could well be from another source that defies explanation. All this has been incredibly stressful as one might imagine. A true burden to carry over so many years. I suppose it`d be a genuine relief to have someone believe in all this as it is true. The blue light? It`s a miracle actually. I think kings would pay a fortune to see it. Seeing is believing and we have seen this light close up and will never forget it. If you are interested, i can direct you to a website with my musical background that may help you to understand where i came from in this complex world. E-mail me and i`ll direct you to the address. Hopefully i`ve said enough to supply you with a portion of this story as it is much more involved than these few words describe. Trying to squeeze it into a tiny nutshell is not easy and generally frustrating as it falls far short of the actaul experiences themselves. Thanks for listening folks and perhaps i`ll hear from you regarding this phenomenon that needs an answer. Regards, J.S.
