{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-04-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469156","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91390","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4732,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/156/mufon-5469156.json","updb_database_id":5469156}
{cak} The Large triangle shaped object was gliding just above the tree tops we stopped and watched as it went over our heads.

Nearing the summer in 1996 (I believe) I was 12 going on 13. I was an alter boy at the local church and would go with my family every weekend. We were driving the short distance from the church to our home, when we turned north on a residential road one turn away from the street we lived on, I looked outside the window and noticed the sky had darkened a bit. When I looked up I saw a very strange craft and told my dad to stop and look. He stopped the car in the middle of the road and opened his door telling us to stay inside. We were all peering out the windows in amazement of this size of this object almost floating from North where the cow fields were, South. There was almost an absence of sound except a light hum. There are major power lines running along the side of the road almost even with the tree tops and the craft was only a few feet above that. The entire event only lasted about 5 minutes or so but it felt like hours. I had fear sweat dripping off me and suddenly had a profound sense of fear for Aliens. As our house backs up to a rather large cow field I always had the feeling of being watched through the windows at night. The strange thing is I don't remember my dad getting back in the vehicle and driving home. The next thing I remembered was watching the show Hercules and then Xena Warrior princess, which we always did after getting home from church. 

After the incident I did a lot research of various aircraft and the closest thing to its shape I could find was a B-2. This didn't make sense though because for one, what would a highly classified aircraft be doing flying around a small town and second, the B-2 isn't capable of flight at that low of speed and altitude. Plus the object we saw was much thicker and less aerodynamic than a B-2. 

So, fast forward a few years and many nights of not remembering going to sleep and feeling exhausted every day like I hadn't slept at all. I'm now 18 and have a profound interest in UFOs and extra terrestrial entities like the tall and short grays and many others. I decided to join the US Navy, and in 2002 I enlisted. There were countless incidents where we couldn't explain objects or events. Digging deeper, I found there are many chains of command for both terrestrial and extraterrestrial structures. I've kept silent about this for so many years due to the vast amount of non-disclosure documents. I still don't know if this is safe to talk about but here's something. Just as UFOs, some man-made and some extraterrestrial, can cloak their visibility by manipulating light they also possess devices which can manipulate gravity bending it around the object allowing for such high speed and almost impossible maneuvers. And understanding the key to the universe we are in which happens when a super immense gamma ray burst directly hits a super massive black hole, overloading it like a fuse thus, like a detention underwater which displaces the water around it, the black hole exceeds its threshold and ejecting it's mass and energy in all directions. Similar to how an atom bomb works. When the initial shock-wave begins to loose its energy the rest of the multiverses energy begins to pull increasing the rate which our universe is expanding. And the case of these Triangular crafts, they are a joint mission between races, including Humans, in both surveying the environment, the people that inhabit it as well as the wildlife. I would have the most vivid dreams, as if it were more real than the world physically around me. These are what the constantly reoccurring and informative "dreams" have shown me. Often waking with severe migraines.

I honestly feel I've been visited and shown these things since I was young fueling my thirst for information. I've been too afraid to come forward not only because of ridicule and harassment but fear for the lives of my family. The Government isn't in control. They are almost as in the dark as the general public. The Organization is more powerful than anyone can possibly imagine.
