{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-09-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496156","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63252","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4593,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/156/mufon-5496156.json","updb_database_id":5496156}
pulsing buzz with changing colors. Steady buzz white light

My gal and I were awakened by an intermittent but rythmic, very audible buzz which pulsed from very slow sequentially to a steady buzz. 

Each sequential buzz would produce a different color of light until the buzz was steady at which point the light was white. Then the steady buzz would begin a sequential slowing which produced the colors of the rainbow with each slowing buzz. Then the buzz sequence would start over from the slowest and darkest color with the time between pulses diminishing until a steady buzz was heard and the light was a steady white.

The light was coming in from the small bedroom window, illuminating the wall just above the dresser. Indicating the object was either hovering a few feet above the ground or maybe landed.

Oddly, the light did not seem to reflect off of the wall surface as the room remained dark. The small window, about 2' square caused the light to assume this shape on the wall. I remember the light pattern moving ever so slightly, just an inch or so. I believe it moved only laterally but maybe a n inch or so vertically as well. I believe there was slight movement.

I went to the window but was unable to see the shape of the object clearly or at all due to the heavy fog. However the pulsing and changing light was very distinct. 

This event scared the hell out of me. I yelled at my gal to get out of bed to see the UFO as I needed a witness, for my sake if for no other reason, but she pulled the covers over her head and began screaming while kicking her heels on the bed. This was not helpful so I yanked the covers off of her and dragged her to the window. More screaming and back to bed with covers over her head. But she did see the lights and admitted as much several years later to friends. After much coaxing from me I might add. 

At this time the light pattern began moving on the wall and within seconds the object had lifted fairly quickly skyward and headed off in a NW direction, low over the trees.

The next morning at work, I asked my fellow loggers if there had been a UFO sighted over the town , Powell River, and there was indeed some quiet talk at the coffee shop of strange low moving lights which were seen.

Years later I began to wonder if my gal and I had been abducted in our sleep as I seemed to be only aware of this object shortly before it departed. I didn't seem to have any marks on my body other than the usual damage from logging. However, sore spots did appear on my temple areas, left and right some years later. They would become sore and occasionally clear fluid would leak out.

I had these removed with dry ice three years ago. I always thought these were strange but don't know if they could be connected to that encounter.

Since the encounter I awake at 3 am, give or take 10 minutes and have great difficulty falling asleep until 5 am when for some reason I suddenly feel that all is well and I can risk the vulnerability of being asleep.

I have seen 8 UFO flying in a formation of 2 abreast and trailing, in 1957 as a young man. They were round and shiny, very high and very fast as they jinked across the limitless blue sky.

A week ago at 3 am I noticed what I thought to be Venus in the night sky. After a few minutes I returned from the bathroom and noticed the light had moved substantially and was approaching slowly. Slowly as in I believe too slowly to be a large aircraft. But not really very slowly.I am a pilot.

I followed the object from the kitchen window and noticed there was no sound and the steady white lights on the under side were all wrong to be an airliner. There was a blinking red light on the belly, which is appropriate for an airliner. 

The faintly illuminated underside showed the boomerang shape. I really don't know what to think of this sighting but I believe it was too slow, too low, about 1000' or so, no engine noise and odd lights to be an airliner. End of story.
