{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-19 15:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500156","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58956","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3228,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/156/mufon-5500156.json","updb_database_id":5500156}
Gray Triangle

My 2 children flew me from New Mexico to Florida for fathers day for a reunion. My Son owns a time share. We stayed at a resort in Ruskin, Fl. On thursday they went to a water park, I stayed in alone, fished a little and swam, I went out onto the balcony on the 3rd floor to watch the manatys, boats, girls, whatever. St. Petersburg is about 15 deg. north of west from there, 10 miles across the bay, clearly visible. Tampa 15 miles about 80 degrees north of west, again clearly visible from the balcony. And I saw 'it'. Like a black shoe box, north of St Pete but not as far. There was a rain cloud between it and St. Pete, and a rain cloud between it and Tampa to the north. The kind of localized cloud where you can see the rain falling. I said to my self "holy s**t". I was looking and scanning everywhere, "they cant see it from Tampa or St. Pete". It just sat there in the sky, I noted the time, looked inside and saw both of my kids cameras gone, still there hovering, I picked up my cell phone and took several pictures (not very good)I tried to estimate its size, comparing it to the tallest building in St. Pete,. It looked to be twice the size of the tallest building I could see. I knew it wasn't as far away, but it was BIG. It hovered for about 20 minutes (I kept checking my watch). As the rain between it and St Pete started to let up it moved in a straight line away from me and climbed, that only took a few seconds and was gone. I was beside my self, "that wasn't one of ours" I knew it, and in broad daylight this time. I know what I saw, I didn't imagine it. I made a sketch right after to show my kids what I saw. It was better than Christmas when I was 5 years old. I am 60 years old now, an ASE certified master mechanic, ISO certified machinist, was a peace corps volunteer 1979-1981 attended UNM at Los Alamos, NM. A widower, yea I'm weird (who isn't) but I'm not crazy. I had a very close encounter in 1975 with my brother and a friend where something huge blocked out the stars right over us, I shined my 1 million candle power spot light on it, it was just black but the light was on something, they actually started crying with fear. The next thing I remember we were back in my truck and the sun was coming up, it was just after midnight when we saw 'whatever it was' we lost 5 hours. Have been a confused believer ever since. My main reason I cannot accept 'organized' religeon. I am including 1 of the pictures I took with my cell phone, It's bad I know, the others are no better, if not worse.
