{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-10-16 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465156","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95635","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3187,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/156/mufon-5465156.json","updb_database_id":5465156}
{rjl} Object with about 3 lights, pulsing slowly, flying west to east. Another star-like object also.

While I was walking in the open-air Beverly Connection shopping complex, I noticed, to the south, what I initially thought was Venus. It was below, and to the west of the Moon. But, as I looked, I realized it seemed too bright to be Venus. I kept looking, trying to figure out what it was. It was round, white, bright, and stationary. It was 6pm, and the sun was to the west of the object. 

Then, another object came into view from the west, flying almost directly east. Its position was, perhaps, 5-10 degrees below the first object. It had pulsating lights, about three, that did not flash like regular aviation lights. The lights pulsed gradually, from high illumination, to low, with the timing of about one second from high to low, then back to high. The color of the lights were white and yellow. 

I quickly grabbed my smartphone, and managed to snap two photos, just before the object disappeared behind a parking garage. The second object was visible from my vantage point (surrounded by buildings), for only about 5-10 seconds. I wish I had shot video, but it might be lower resolution, in that case. The photos were taken about 2 seconds apart.

I did hear a helicopter during my walk, but that1s quite frequent in Los Angeles. Neither object looked like a helicopter to me, and the helicopter sound did not seem to be coming from my line of sight. See photos. 

When the second object was no longer in view, I looked back to see if I could see the first object. There was nothing but blue sky, and no planets or stars were visible. It took a couple minutes to get to the top of the parking garage, to see if I could see anything else interesting. All I noticed was a jet, or two, nothing unusual, and no helicopter.

Attached are two photos, with two zoomed-in crops of the same photos. They were taken by an iPhone X, in HDR, and HEIC format. Also, a map is attached where I was at the pin location, looking towards the bottom of the map (south).
