{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512679","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45631","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4192,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/679/mufon-5512679.json","updb_database_id":5512679}
{cak} On April 4 2012, I saw an orb, sphere, bubble

On Apri; 4 2012, I was standing on my back steps. Actually, I was talking to a man who was doing some yard work for me. He was on the back of a truck filled with mulch, about 15 feet in front and to the left side of me. We were discussing plants, etc. It was a still day about 12 or 1pm, a little overcast but warm and no wind, very still. My back was to my house and I was just looking around while talking like we all do.
I suddenly noticed that there was a small bubble coming toward me about 8 feet away. It was about 1 1/2 to 2 inches. I don't know where it came from, because I was looking around enjoying the day, and talking etc. I thought it was a bubble like you buy for children to blow.The first thing I said was "oh, look at the bubble"

Well this "bubble" came straight to me more or less it was face high and maybe 18 or so inches from my body. It moved to the right slowly then to the left, slowly. It moved down as if looking over my whole body, then to the right and left and back again, going up and down.As if it was looking over my body, but never went below my knees I don't think. Then came back to my face, but this time it came closer and closer, I leaned back, a little surprised, that it was getting closer so fast, I laughed,thinking this was getting a little strange. It was moving very very slow. I did try to see inside, but could not it still just looked like a soap bubble, but it wasnt clear, that is you couldnt see through it, and I thought if I touched it, it would burst. I don't know what I was thinking but that this was strange, but still thinking "bubble". I wished I had really tried to touch it to see what it would do, but I just didn't think fast enough. After doing a another left to right up and down, it moved up and to my right and up over my house. It was very close to the house but I think it avoided bumping into it. I turned around so that I could still see it. It took a straight line gaining altitude and speed, but not fast. Its hard to tell about how far it was away or high it was, but it seems as it got into the air, to be silver and was shining in the light. Then it was gone. The whole incident lasted maybe 3-4 minutes. I don't know what this was. I always had some doubts about aliens, etc. but after this I know that I have had an experience few have. I told my daughters and one other friend, he heard my story and just went on to talk about something else. I know that this would be hard to believe, but I did expect question. After all hes known me for over twenty years. I would never say anything that wasnt true. I keep wishing I had taken a picture or did SOMETHING. All this time I was talking to this man, "do you see this?" "look at this bubble", I cant remember all I said but he saw everything. when it was leaving I was telling him " I can still see it!" "look!". He never moved from where he sat on the back of that truck. I asked him when it was over what did he think, and if he thought it was very strange. He said nothing. Finally I stopped pacing, because then I was getting nervous, and stood and looked him in the face and said "I know you saw that bubble!"didn't you think that was strange?" He shrugged his shoulders, turned down the corners of his mouth and then said "It seemed to be checking you out, didn't it?" I said YES I think it was!. glad that he had finally said something! then he said, "It looked as if it came from the ground" that was all he said, so not a lot of help from him. I don't think you wanted to talk about it.
