{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-07-15 03:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492679","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66850","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6447,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/679/mufon-5492679.json","updb_database_id":5492679}
{rjl} 2 vehicles disappeared behind trees. I stopped to investigate but don't remember leaving my car. Arrived at my destination with a scar on my chest

The event happened to me during the summer of 1977 as I was returning to Fort Hood Texas. FYI: I had taken a leave from the US Army and drove home to Oregon going across the Southwest then up through California. After spending time with my folks and siblings I headed back to Fort Hood. I headed east from Portland through the Columbia Gorge and eventually came down through the Texas Panhandle back to Fort Hood. At the time I thought it would be cool to do a loop through half of the US. As I reached Texas I decided to drive through the night to make sure I made it back on post on time (I didn't want to get written up for being AWOL). I was somewhere in the Texas Panhandle heading south on a 2 lane road (on the map it looked like it was a straighter line than the main road I had been on) and I'm guessing it was about 3 o'clock in the morning (it was a couple of hours later when it started to get light so 3am is just a guess). I couldn't find a radio station and there was no other traffic on this road and there were no lights from houses in the distance. I was doing everything I could think of to stay awake. I kept changing my visual focus from near the front of my car to beyond my headlights to my speedometer to near the front of my car, etc. I was doing what I could to maintain my speed and not fall asleep and die in one of the ditches on either side of the road. During one of these focus jumps it seemed like there was a pale greenish light shining down on my car. Then I noticed it wasn't just the hood of my car but the area around my car seemed to be getting brighter. I started to slow down trying to figure out what was going on and noticed the light was slowly getting brighter. There were now shadows indicating a light source high up to my left, but the shadows were getting narrower like something was moving directly over my car, but the shadows kept moving and getting brighter as if the light were coming down at a diagonal starting somewhere above me to my left and aimed slightly off to my right. I had stopped the car at this point and was leaning over my steering wheel to see if I could see the source of this greenish light. I couldn't get far enough forward to see what was above me as the light continued to get brighter then through the passenger window I saw the light plummet behind a patch of small trees through the passenger window and went out. Whatever it was I'm guessing it measured about the width of the clump of trees across, maybe 30 feet across. The clump of trees was maybe 50 feet from my car. I sat there waiting for the explosion because it seemed like something must have crashed behind the trees but there nothing. I sat in the car, did a quick check and the car was idling, I had the clutch in and one hand on the stick shift, I was in first gear, and the other hand on the steering wheel. There were no lights in my mirrors or anywhere around me. It was pitch black on a 2 lane highway somewhere in Texas. I was thinking if I should see what was behind those trees when I noticed the hood of my car was reflecting green light again. The same thing happened again, a dim light getting lighter then plummeting behind the clump of trees to my right. But this time my car wasn't moving. As I sat there after the second light plummeted behind the trees and went out I thought "I'm 6 foot tall, I'm in the Army, I've been trained by Vietnam Vets, I'm going to see what's behind those trees". That's when I panicked. My heart was pounding, I was frantically gulping down air, it was amazing I didn't hyperventilate. I remember being almost out of control as I struggled to get my seatbelt on, getting the parking brake disengaged, slamming the gearshift into first gear, and burning rubber as I sped as fast as I could away from those trees. It took me awhile to realize I was driving way too fast for the road. I didn't start to calm down until I was in an area where there were lights and cars. I was pretty embarrassed that I would panic for no reason. I still had a long drive to get to central Texas so I focused on that. It was some time in the afternoon when I got back on post. As I was hauling my luggage into the barracks one of my squad members said I must have stories to tell with a scar like that. I was tired and thought he was just trying to be funny so I said something lame like "That'd be funny if there were a scar, but since there's no scar it's not funny". He looked me in the eye for a moment and said something like "then I don't see the scar" and walked away. Later on I was washing my hands and noticed I did have a new scar. It was summer and I was macho so had a the top couple of buttons on my civilian shirt unbuttoned. There, running across the middle of my chest was a scar about 1 inch across that wasn't there when I left Oregon. A couple of beers later I got up the nerve and thought about the lights disappearing behind those scrawny trees and my new scar. I remember stopping the car. I remember the car idling with my seatbelt on and the car in first gear. Then I panic for no reason, fasten my seatbelt, take off the parking brake, put the car into first gear and miles later I'm told I have a scar. Since I don't remember putting my car in neutral, putting on the parking brake, unfastening my seatbelt, or getting the scar I think all of the events are related. But I don't know. My family and I were watching an episode of Hanger 1 and they convinced me that I should submit this odd event. So here I am. I don't think there's enough here to investigate. But even though nothing will probably come from this thank you for letting me write it up. It felt like some kind of therapy to write it all out. Thank you.
