{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-06-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485679","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74047","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3086,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/679/mufon-5485679.json","updb_database_id":5485679}
{rjl} I have been taken repeatedly since my early teens, possibly earlier.

Starting about 20 years ago I have been taken repeatedly. The incidents all happened within 50 miles of Lake Minnewaska in west central MN. As far as I can tell it happens around once a month probably more. I have no memory of it after it happens. At first i wasn't sure what was going on.

 I began experiencing anxiety, fatigue, insomnia, periodic headaches, unexplained cuts, scars, rashes, and bruises. I began having strange confusing flashes of memory. At first they were just a terrifying jumble of fragmented images, sounds, and sensations. After a few years of thinking I was starting to crack up, they eventually started to come together and become more distinct, and orderly. At this point I have a pretty clear memory of what happened.

 It usually happens around 2AM or so. If I'm asleep, I wake up in a panic, unable to move. All my hair stands on end, and I feel an odd sensation. Almost like an electrical charge flowing through me. Its very difficult to breath. A blinding light shines in through the windows and there are tall thin figures standing all around me. I start hearing there thoughts in my head. Usually something like don't be afraid, or there will be less discomfort if you stop trying to resist. 
 
 I raze off my bed, and float outside, and raze up in to the light. Here is were things vary a bit. some times they just do some kind of scan. Other times they preform surgical procedures. I can remember having my head clamped in place, and needles or other instruments inserted in to my scull, ears or up my nose. Other times in to my forearms, or abdomen. At some point I looses consciousness, and find myself back in my bed.

 I know there was at least once that they came when I was awake. It happened 3 years ago in mid september. I couldn't sleep so I was watching netflix on my computer. next thing I know i'm waking up the next morning. I remember thinking how odd it was that I didn't remember going to bed. I made my way down stares where I noticed the door was open. I found my rifle laying on the front step next to 3 ejected rounds. All 3 still intact, except that there primers had been struck. So far I have not regained the memory of what happened that night. 

 I'm not 100% sure this is related, but I just had to reshingle my roof. I only put the new asphalt shingles on about 3 yeas ago, and they already started curling up and crumbling. They appeared to be scorched.
