{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1984-11-25 03:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502679","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56317","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":12116,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/679/mufon-5502679.json","updb_database_id":5502679}
Some Similar Stuff Like In Book UFO Stories Aliens UFO's ET's Abductions

Not so much a ufo sighting as aliens in general. We were reading books and read about an abductee who had an idea to leave a workshirt during an abduction to try to locate the aliens. They took flannel shirts seems like because we got 3 of them and left the 4th one there. It was in Communion- a book on ufo's. In the book the author said he had an idea to take those shirts and leave them when abducted. We noticed the aliens were parking their flying Plymouth car on the street more. There would be a flannel shirt by the curb on the ground. We got different size shirts- one was small- kids size. It was dark navy and white with dark gold plaid stripes on it. There was a large blues and white plaid shirt and a large shirt with dark blue and black plaid with a little white in a harder fabric. The other big shirt was realy big and it was softer fabric. 
That's odd coz we said that we wished we had a shirt like that and then they were there and we got a few of them. We said it in our room low. We had also missed hearing music in our room at night. Hearing music almost like it was real not just imaginary. We didn't hear that except the alien did play music from his car at night outside parked on the street again. 
An alien man's wife said she knew whose shirts those were and we thought they belonged to an alien or aliens. We never saw them wearing something like that though. 
So it was cold weather and '84 not '85 like the book said and it's not in Hudson Valley, NY. But it was around X-mas seems like. The house we had was for sale and he came over to look at it- the author. He knew the house next door was something and looked back at it as he got the phone number off the for sale sign in the front yard. They heard he made a lot of money and wondered why he'd want to buy that house. They said he could buy a log cabin in Colorado. So he did get a log cabin but in NY. Which is kinda a good idea since they gave him the idea to move there it goes good in a book and film. Some fake salesmen were there selling Colorado land and log cabins- log cabin's on cheap land or whatever .10 sq foot for land or something - however it worked and they sold much fake things. Fake restaurant tickets and fake vacations. It was all fake. 
The aliens knew we wanted shirts like that and gave us some somehow. Or else they got the stupid girl to say she liked those shirts so that we'd want one. Then we'd say that or think it and the shirts were there. 
I recall the alien out there at night sometimes he had bugged our room. He was listening and the radio was on and watching us. He had sent in an alien woman or it was an alien male in disguise to bug the room one evening. It was rush hour and dark - very dark and a large car pulled in to the driveway. An alien came to the door. She had real slantey eyes like on the film Intruders- CBS tv mini-series. She acted like an alien- we let her in and she said our room used to be hers. She was lieing saying over and over she loved what they'd done with the place. She was acting defensive because she could tell we let her in, but our grandmother was not liking that. She said no - and told us not to just let anyone in the house like that without even looking at them. We didn't pay much attention to their eyes. She said she had real real mean eyes. We did see some out of the corner of our eyes though. She was in our room a real long time. The invisible alien next door got us out of the room so she could be in there and bug it. The man who lived in the house he had left oddly to go do some work he said at the store. So he wasn't there when she knocked on the door. it was cold kinda. it maybe was the alien in disguise. on the intruders tv mini series of the week it was a little boy alien with weird eyes like that. 
that alien knew we liked him somehow and he bugged our room. We probably said we like that guy. They heard us and we'd see them and all out. He came up in the yard when we were out and he looked at us- we liked him after that because of his eyes was why. He got mad coz we were in their yard. He thought we were aliens, too. So they watched us as usual. We went to their house and were told they knew we liked him and that they could hear in our house. They were watching us on hidden security cameras in the front and back yards. We had an idea to see if he liked us, too, but never did it. We figured he wouldn't like us. He'd come up and the ball flew towards him each time - we thought it was weird. They said to keep us out of their yard. And also, death threats not to tell what we saw in their house. They acted like they were hiding something and we went to see what it was. It was just a baby- Emily from the Intruders tv show lives there with the famous Ishtar aka. Venus and Isis. It all means the planet Venus. Their gods taught them supposedly to worship various planets. Isis is saying east east or east star. That's where Easter comes from. the word star is like strella or something. Venus may be a greek word. So the kid in the film and book's adoptive mother was Ishtar- once the most famous woman in the world and now is some kind of icon. They had a nordic type alien babysitter. She put us down and the kids got mad at her. Why would he like us she said. She put our hair down and all. It was weird because what she said seemed true and then we did something and began to get confused. He had a nordic type girlfriend already. We read if you're seeing the Nordics they're very evil aliens somewhere recently. The babysitter was at our house later reading our diaries at night. Her and the other one was there- the alien man's girlfriend. We got so confused thinking like she said at least you could take a bath and he may like you. She said we didn't even know how to take a bath so why would he like us. And then we got more mixed up even thinking we didn't know why he'd like us even and figured he would not. That was around Jan. '83. or '84. We moved later and it's odd - the baby was very small then it was running around. We did go over there a while after we began doing babysitting. They sent us out and more more babysitting there after that one time. The kids quickly told on us for peeking on the baby and said we weren't suppose to do that. But she didn't say not to realy so we didn't know if we were suppose to or not. We just went in there and peeked in and they told on us and they turned right around and came back home. They acted like - they were saying - oh we were just going to dinner at a friends house. Then he said to her she better get on the phone and call someone and she said she would. They said no to the kids on us babysitting, but they let the kids see the babysitting advertisement we put up. They wanted them to see it and the alien man drove the car that day home so they'd drive by right when we were out there putting it up. Their friends were waiting outside when we left and she saw them. They made us ran home and came in and drugged us and said they didn't know who we were and thought we were on drugs going in houses. Going in looking for a place to sleep - we snook into our house they said- sure we did coz we lost our job. We felt like a complete failure at life. so we were drugged and don't recall anything else that night after that. I guess they left then. Apparently the alien man watched us- had watched us at night wondering if we were sexy enough for him to like us and all and just knew we liked him and he's a grey type. He would realy proably be another MIB and that's his disguise. He set us up to like him and just he was there and we were on drugs realy sometimes then. What happened was we were acting realy strange and an alien told us it was kinda weird stuff even once. They are friends. Ishtar and the alien she's married to were apparently in the backyard naked doing something and we never saw what it was. It'd be rude to peek thru fences maybe. Well, whatever it was was something different apparently. And seems not like me and our alien boyfriend were maybe - well that was her doing something weird they were saying. The other was the alien and me and we didn't do much of anything weird with them watching us thru the door, but he was just teaching us apparently things and showing them stuff. He was pretty wild realy and there's films and stuff like that. She freaks out over everything and it would appear the alien knew what he was doing with sex. We wound up doing some weird stuff and the alien was watching and we were on drugs. What was going on wejust don't know. The one alien who was our boyfriend- they're friends the aliens- he said it was weird stuff. So maybe the alien got us to do wierd things. Ishtar freaked out seems like and the alien kept her under control. She was freaking out similar seems like to how we would freak out oftentimes- all the time actually. We're trying to get better from the voices. the alien was watching us and he may have liked that and all the bad stuff that happened coz he likes to do things like that. It may have been a big plan for him and there was a lot of people saying bad stuff about us like always. So if the alien is bad he likes all of that bad stuff more than us and maybe he got us to do weird things. Ishtar's alien husband would be outside often watching us but we saw him when a song went on about Satan. We thought it was about Satan getting married and it wasn't, but it sounded like that. So he knew we liked that idea anyways or the song and all. He was often out watching us-the music we always had to have it. He'd say there she goes. He can see satellites fly over. We read his name was Anu. anunaki those who from heaven to earth came. It said she was married to the prince of the air - that means satan. He isn't Satan surely. Maybe she was previously married to Satan. He was at our house and he gave a funny laugh when he was pretending to be like her. She was freaking out over the stuff- that guy knows just about everything. They're aliens and friends apparently and their kid seems to be his girlfriend. Also, since he was our boyfriend and they were there at our house it seems they're friends a lot realy. Him and the guy are friends a lot. And the other 2 who were there all are real close. We read that aliens may have something to do with him. Seems they're just friends is all. Seems we saw the girlfriend of his at our house before and she was here hanging around. So that puts her close by him- very close. There's the other 2 women, too who were always there- we seen them all over realy all the time everywhere we go. We may have seen the 2 together- Satan and the one alien man. We never saw them together much although Satan had many aliens at his house and round there of course. Just not these ones but they moved us by them in hopes of me and satan meeting it seems like. They did that because where we were was too dangerous and we couldn't stay there. We read on Ishtar and figured that was a devil worship cult anyways. Qaballa is what they say ufo's resembler partly at least and that was a similar cult. Nothing much wrote on it maybe coz it was bad. 
We're real sleepy workers woke us up must've been. We should go back to bed. That alien man had yinyang sign in his eyes and seems to promote occult. One woman believed she heard god speaking to her and he said he did it. Also, 2 more ppl had that and it was that alien it was not god talking to them. That is not real.
