{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-20 22:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499679","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59452","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3973,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/679/mufon-5499679.json","updb_database_id":5499679}
{dr}Orange orbs spotted hovering over forest.

On August 20, 2014, at approximately 10:05 PM, in Duxbury MA, I, as well as several others witnessed a strange object glowing a brilliant orange in the sky just above the tree line. Immediately we thought it to be a planet but after concluding that it was far too bright to be a planet we continued to observe it.
   After about 30 seconds, remaining in the same location, the light began to dim gradually while retaining its initial color until it was no longer visible, after which it began to immediately glow again, far less bright than before and began to steadily move to the right. As it moved, the object began to change colors from orange to red and back at about a 1 second interval. It was not the light pattern of a plane as the colors and interval were both incorrect. The object followed its course until the tree line obscured it from view. After believing the object to be gone, we left the area.
   After calling the closest airforce base only to find out it was closed, we returned to the same spot about 30 minutes later. To our surprise a faint orange light, in the same position as the earlier one, began to glow brighter and followed the initial pattern, this time moving to the left however until it dissapeared behind the treeline. After this, another appeared more to the right, rising very slowly and then began to follow the original pattern to the right until it seemed to dissappear from view. After this, another appeared in the orginal spot and the pattern was repeated by at least two others. These lights appeared to hover for a longer duration than earlier. During this time, I recorded two videos of the events. Another object appeared far to the right and appeared to move towards our location. After witnessing this, we left.
   About 15 minutes later, we returned and began to watch the objects from a new location approximately 400 feet from the initial location. There we witnessed two dim orange lights above the treeline. One dissapeared from view while the other began to glow suddenly, much to our surprise. Around this time, a police helicopter flew toward the area of the lights. The objects and the helicopter did not appear to make contact. After watching the strange lights for about 15 minutes, one began to hover overhead and it appeared to have a cigar shape or at least what appeared to be a tail, although I am not certain of this. This was odd as the videos recorded earlier revealed that the objects were in the shape of a circle flashing orange and white at a short interval. The object now flying near us emmitted a strange humming sound, too quiet to be a helicopter as we heard a helicopter only a few minutes earlier. After this we left the area and I did not see the objects again. The humming sound however occurred throughout the night and was heard by several people throughout different locations in the forest. Our group split up and I was told by some of the people that were present during the initial encounter that one of the objects later dipped to avoid a plane. However I am not sure that this happened and do not know the details as I was not present. This happened at least an hour later. At least 9 objects were observed that night by at least 7 people. The majority of these objects appeared in the same location. We were terrified as well as intrigued.
