{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-07-06 22:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285679","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117722","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2517,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/679/mufon-5285679.json","updb_database_id":5285679}
Huge dark triangular shaped slow moving object

In the 6th of July in 2018, my son (age 11) and I were star watching in a complete dark area of our hotel room in Petra of Lesbos Island in Greece. We were visiting because of an Optimist class sailing regatta. I have to admit at that point that though I never believed in UFOs since that day, I always liked mysteries and gazing at the night sky. Also since that day I sincerely did not know that triangular shaped objects have been elsewhere been observed. I thought UFOs were only round shaped. 
That night while lied down to a float mattress on the balcony we where joking and laughing while we noticed two very bright lights like a trail forming an arrow. Imagine something like the trails left from the car in the "back to the future" film. It was enough to catch our attention but then the lights went much lower. Still forming an arrow shape. Then I noticed as it was moving towards our direction above us, that it was something large and as it passed it was hiding the stars. It was moving slowly without making any sound and it had a triangular shape as my sketch (I made afterwards). As we were in shock it slowly passed by the building and we never seen it again. The lights it had when past above us were very soft like stars in a single row forming an arrow as the drawing. It also had something like an aura around it. 
My son and I were excited and shocked but my husband inside didn't believe us at all... The day after I did some research and found that indid triangular shaped unidentified objects were observed from others. But still I was too ashamed to say anything to anyone without evidence of a photograph... But it was real, not making any sound and it was huge!
If I had my palm above my eyes I needed at least two hands to cover it!
