{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-04-01 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488679","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70960","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2885,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/679/mufon-5488679.json","updb_database_id":5488679}
{jpg} Came around corner, moon-like something straight ahead by river. Big. Weird.

This occurred quite a while ago. I am curious if it is what is referred as an "orb". I've never seen anything on film that would describe it. Back in 1997 I lived south of Tucson in Arizona. I had sold my house in the country and was preparing to move to southern Oregon. The Phoenix UFO sighting was recent and I had hoped to go up there to see what I might see, but did not. One afternoon before moving I took one of my dogs up the mountain behind me (past Smithsonian up near observatory). We hung out to say "goodbye" and left to go home, just a couple miles away in Elephant Head. As I rounded the corner to the straight away that I would turn right on or go straight down to the freeway there was a large round interior glowing thing ahead, I'm not sure if it was over the Ranch or past the freeway ((I-80). When I first saw it it looked like a miniature version of the Moon, then I thought .. a Satellite? Then I thought na, UFO. I pulled the over to the right shoulder to look at it. There was no noticeable noise at that point. It was warm so I rolled down the window of my Acura I was blasted with a very loud noise which startled me. I looked up, a black helicopter was hovering above my car. The "thing" didn't frighten me, the black helicopter did. They hovered a minute or so, I hoped I wouldn't hear further from them. I looked north and saw 2 more black copters hugging the curves of the Santa Rita Mtns to the north. When I looked back the "thing" was gone. I was disappointed. I looked north and lo and behold, there it was. Seemed the B Copters were after it. It zinged south/southwest toward Arivaca. I started my car and drove to Arivaca Road as quickly as I could, but couldn't catch them. My question has always been, was that an Orb? I heard of a bunch of Orbs being seen at that time in Mexico City and watched the news trying to see if that was what I had seen, to no avail. I've been curious but have never seen any film or picture that resembled the craft (I think) that I witnessed that day. Were there other reports around that time? I couldn't tell you the exact date. I tried to tell my mom about it but she seemed to think I was nuts, I told no one else. Thanks, Patty Shelton
