{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-21 06:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284679","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118739","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2334,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/679/mufon-5284679.json","updb_database_id":5284679}
Looked like a satellite or meteor, but a lot faster.

Most mornings I get up at around 5am and, weather permitting, I do a small fitness workout in our garden. I live in Shevington, North West England. This morning was a lovely clear sky. As with every other morning I see commercial and military planes overhead, plus satellites go over every couple of minutes. It's a normal sighting for me. At around 6.20am, as I put my weights down at completion of a set, I saw what looked like a satellite coming from the east. A bit faster than normal, but thought I'd follow its path like I normally do when one goes over. This one in particular was exceptionally fast, to which I thought then maybe it was a falling meteor. As it came almost above me, it then suddenly did a u-turn and shot back in the other direction. This stopped me dead in my stance. At this point I could make out, faintly, that this object had the effect of a light inside a clear Rhombicuboctahedron (yes, I've looked it up how to best describe the shape!), like the light was refractive in nature. Following this for another 5-10 seconds, the object circled a few times, headed back west, did another u-turn then disappeared at a fast pace. 

For my own sanity, and for peace of mind, I need some kind of clarity on what the hell I've just seen. I know damn well I didn't imagine it, and as previously stated, I'm in my garden most mornings and see jets and satellites throughout my workout. My eyes don't play tricks, I don't report every little strange thing I see or hear, I'm a reasonably minded chap. This however has really thrown me off. I cannot stop thinking about it. My wife thinks I'm making it up, or I've imagined it, but I know very well what I've seen this morning.
