{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-10 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466679","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94005","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3286,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/679/mufon-5466679.json","updb_database_id":5466679}
{cak} Shinny black thick triangle hovering in complete silence right of the highway

My wife an I was driving home from my mothers house an hour away around 9:30 at night she was driving her car with our daughter in front of me as I followed her in my truck . Halfway home I noticed a big triangulared object hovering above the ground about 100 off the ground. I quickly reached for my phone to call my wife an at the same she was actually calling me, so I answered an she said oh wow do you see that to the right side of the highway, I said yes I was callin to see if you were looking at it too .. It was real dark out that paticular night an the sky had kinda a dull satin black color to it, but the object clearly stood out an it has a weird shine to it almost like a mirror but it was black , as we drove by we noticed patterens of some sort all over the sides like some kind of writing . It was about 15 ft thick an each side was about 80 ft long in a triangle shape . Even though it was dark this object stood out very clearly an you could see the outline of it easily . The wierd this was something felt odd as we drove by it . It was 300 ft away an 100ft off the ground so it looked like it was nearly right over us it was so big an it just hovered there with not a single sound, we were so zoned into looking at this object we noticed it was drowning out the surrounding road highway noise that was around us . That's so odd how something so big can remain so quiet an somehow kill out its surrounding noise . We witnessed it hovering for 3 miles we slowed down to 30 mph just to get a longer safer look at it. We're families with this location cause it's where the highway starts to curve an there were no near store ,lights,buildings the closest building is about 1/4 mile away from where we saw this object . After driving home that night we just couldn't stop talking about it . Thinking did we really just see this . I ended up having to drive back to my mothers house early that next morning to get my tool bag I left, an I drove by the exact same spot an tried to make logic with what we saw , but there was absolutely nothing there  Still to this day I drive by there every day just about going to work an most days it's night when I get off work an still nothing explains what we seen . I'm not sure if it was a man made craft or a ET craft but it was hovering with a slight movement an completely quiet with a shimmer gloss black stealth color with 6 lights that were real dim that kind of faded yellow,orange,white color by seeing those corner light I was kinda able to determine a height an length of the object . Sry for the terrible grammar I just wanted to get this out there
