{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-09 16:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529679","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25834","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2509,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/679/mufon-5529679.json","updb_database_id":5529679}
A black object hung in the sky.

I was driving a limo for a wedding party and took them to Huntington Beach Park in Bay Village for some pictures.It was a sunny day. Pulling into the parking lot off of Lake Rd. across from Porter Creek Dr. I positioned the car in the lane closest to the beach access. The car was facing west. I got out to tend to the wedding party as they got out of the vehicle. At this point I saw something in the sky, it was south-west from my perspective. After making sure that everyone was ok and on their way for some photos, I went back and watched the object further.

At first I thought the object might be a balloon or some sort of helicopter because it didn't move from where it was in the sky. As I watched it, I noticed that it didn't look like any aircraft I had seen, nor a balloon or kite. The thing that stood out to me about most was that it didn't move from its location in the sky at all. I watched it for about 10 minutes, photographing it two to three minutes after I first noticed it.

The object was fairly small in the sky, it didn't look like a huge craft. It was black, saucer shaped. It was at a good distance, so I couldn't make out any details, but the profile I saw reminded me of a woman's brimmed hat.

As I watched it, I noticed, as I said earlier, it didn't move, at all. I felt amazement and disbelief as I was looking at this thing. I think I was the only person looking at it in the immediate area, no one else seemed to notice it. As I looked at it, the sun was to my right. Getting in the shade of the trees made it easier to watch. I would walk away from time to time to see where the wedding party was. 

After about ten minutes I got back into the car for a bit to rest my eyes. When I got out of the car after about five minutes, the object was gone.
