{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-23 08:26:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496679","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62711","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2480,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/679/mufon-5496679.json","updb_database_id":5496679}
{rjl} I was photographing a geometric cloud which was moving slowly across the sky. I took two images when it got close and the first one had these discs in it and the second one (one minute later) had nothing.

I have been observing several large, geometric clouds for weeks that seems to cross the Los Angeles skies almost daily. On this Sunday morning, I had some weird electromagnetic feelings and the animals all around were acting funny1dogs barking, birds making odd noises, horses whinnying, etc. It was also accompanied by a rumble that sounds similar to a military jet tooling around over the mountains between the high desert (where Edwards Air Force Base and Los Angeles). As this particular cloud got close, I shot several images, each at about one minute apart. The sunlight was so blinding that I was not able to see the images on my screen. I did not actually see these with my own eyes, but I most definitely felt their presence. There were vibrations in the earth that were almost undetectable. I believe all of the animals around felt it and that is why they were all sounding off. 

In my previous observations. there would be a vibration felt by the animals and then the clouds would change their shape. An example would be from circles to right angles or triangles to waves. I have also noticed ripples in the cirrocumulus cloud layers that do not appear natural during these moments. As well as the cloud shape is the makeup of the clouds. There are halos, zenith arcs, pillars and perihelions a lot of the time. And the "iridescent" clouds are so vivid! 

There are so many things that have caught my attention in our sky way before noticing these crafts on my image. 

Please any help with identification is appreciated! Or anyone who has seen these as well.
