{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-16 23:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452679","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108957","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2760,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/679/mufon-5452679.json","updb_database_id":5452679}
Fishing@ Springfield Lake with my father and brother when we witnessed a odd sky anomaly. The object had my eyes transfixed to the sky.

Saturday May 16th, 2020 at approximately 11:40pm EST I was cat fishing at Springfield Lake along with my father and younger brother. I had been watching what I thought was a " hidden or cloaked " object for some time. My brother and father could not see what I thought I was viewing. This when on for some time. Me asking if they could see the object, them answering no. It was staying static over the lake. I had basically given up to I was just wanting to see something that wasn't there. I kept looking at but didn't mention it again. I hadn't realized I was staring at the object again until I noticed the stars getting brighter. It was then I realized just how big the object was. The increase in light also had my dad and brothers attention as well. At the time there were no clouds in the sky ( none visible ) so nothing was blocking the starshine, but we watched the stars grow gradually brighter until I was certain that they would explode. I tried recording the intensity of the star light and my phone would not turn on. We watched in disbelief as the light reached it's climax and the now unbelievably bright, moonless, night sky plunged into darkness. We could make out the two main lights that had become the brightest now dim and still dimming. Then the object started moving Eastward over the Lake. So slowly. The two stars ( copied stars idk ) kept moving East. They left original stars in the starting place. That's why I think it was cloaked. We watched until it finally could not be seen. I have been searching the night sky and have seen many things. Most man made. I want to believe in something bigger than us. It's quite the opposite of my religious beliefs but I can't explain what we witnessed. It has burned the image into my minds eye and if I could draw I would sketch every detail. My father and brother are just as perplexed. This wasn't the normal stereotype sighting. I'm hoping someone else has seen something similar or even the same event. There were about 20 other fisherman scattered around the lake.
