{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-15 05:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514917","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43265","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2741,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/917/mufon-5514917.json","updb_database_id":5514917}
(GS) Hovering lights over Lake Elmo Oct 15

My wife and I were sleeping and at exactly 5:43 our alarm went off. This was scary because we didn't set it, and secondly it was the sound of four loud door knocks. My wife quickly removed her iPhone from the radio/charger and found that no alarm was set. The knocks came from the radio speakers set to max volume and were loud enough to wake up our toddler too. After this brief alarming moment I lied there trying to get back to sleep and I could hear my dog wondering around the house. Strange i guess but Im never up that early so maybe thats normal. I remember having this feeling that I should go outside with a camera as if I knew what I was going to see next. Of course, I did not. About ten minutes went by and our toddler now sleeping in our bed started kicking us, trying to get comfortable and my wife and I both sit up and adjust him. Just before i lied back down I felt the need to look out the window and out in the field about 2000 feet from our house was a bright light hovering in an opening beneath the tree line. It was a white light. I felt that I already knew what it was but studied it for about five seconds before alerting my wife. It was making a very slow maneuver and the light suddenly intensified and grew to about the size of a penny held out at arms length. I said wife look out the window. She looked and we watched it slowly move away from our direction. The light then dimmed to its original brightness and as it began to move away and turn behind some trees I could make out something else next to it. It was much dimmer than the larger craft but crept along the same trajectory until they both disappeared behind the hillside. I would like to thank the UFO for allowing me the opportunity to say to my wife I told you so!!! But the door knock alarm is a bit overwhelming. And the feeling that I should go outside with a camera before we saw this is also messing with my head today. At the same time this was not a frightening experience. It was the other dreams and feelings that Ive woken to in months passed that have frightened me... as if they were in my house... ick
