{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-07 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285917","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117481","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3658,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/917/mufon-5285917.json","updb_database_id":5285917}
Sighted one metallic tic-tac object moving north. A few minutes later two of these objects appeared on the horizon and moved west across the valley.

This incident occurred on July 7th 2021 starting at 8:10 pm and ending approximately 30 minutes later. We (my friend and I) were camping at the Oasis campgrounds in the San Luis Valley. We were facing East towards the mountains. At exactly 8:10 pm (the sun was setting, but it was still light out) I saw a metallic tik-tac-shaped metallic object moving north, parallel to the mountains. This object was moving slowly in a straight line at a constant (slow) speed. The object was maybe 1000 feet above the mountains. The object appeared to make a turn towards the east and it disappeared over the mountains 5 minutes after I first saw it.

Exactly 18 minutes later Two of these metallic tik-tac-shaped objects appeared over the horizon of the mountain where the first one had been. These two objects were identical in size and shape (metallic, featureless). There was no noise at first, as these two objects silently but fairly slowly moved west across the valley. I was able to get pictures and videos. In one of the pictures (also saw this with my eyes), one of the objects appeared to be reflecting the orange light from the sunset. A jet appeared overhead during this time, this jet was black and a contrail appeared behind it. This jet sighting was rather sudden but appeared to have nothing to do with the objects that we were seeing. One of the tic-tac's moved ahead of the other. I lost sight of them later on as they disappeared across the valley (could have been 15 or 30 minutes later).

I saw other strange things that night and the next day but that is outside the scope of this report. In the name of transparency, I must admit that I travelled to the valley from Colorado Springs (where I live) in the hopes of seeing one of these strange objects that I had read about people seeing in the san luis valley. The fact that I actually did see these objects is a strange coincidence. I captured videos and zoomed in photos of these objects with my Iphone 11.
