{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-07-17 21:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506917","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51824","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5653,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/917/mufon-5506917.json","updb_database_id":5506917}
{dr}Close look at flying disk seen over two year period in Oklahoma county

Beginning in the summer of 1966, Oklahoma City witnessed nightly flights of a black flying disk with its signature circular, three-color underside, donut-shaped light bar. Immediately, someone took a picture of it, and it became the first color picture printed on page one of 1The Daily Oklahoman.1

The flights continued for months. From the beginning, word on the street was it was a flight technology being tested by the local air force base, Tinker Field. The Air Force denied it, said they didn1t see it visually or on radar, and that they knew nothing. Most of the people in town witnessed these flights.

People were excited at first. After the first few days, with no official confirmation and in that it caused no trouble and no one could do anything about it, people went from indifference to ignoring it. My family lived north of the city at Danforth and Western Ave., and I thought I was too far away to see it.

But, my brother and I did see it, up close, Saturday, July 17, 1968 shortly after 9 p.m. We rode a motorcycle to Ramblewood Hills at Santa Fe and Waterloo and parked. It was a very clear night, just after sunset. We noticed an unconventional aircraft two or three miles to the north, brightly lit but not flashing, moving back and forth and making no sound.

Without saying anything we hopped on the bike and started it, and after moving a few feet, the disk was right next to us. It was a few hundred feet in altitude and appeared to be over 100 feet in diameter, a classic, black, elliptical disk with no visible seams or rivets. The wide, circular light bar was divided into three segments colored red, blue and yellow. The segments looked like big light-emitting diodes, something we knew about but that weren1t available on the market.

We went west one mile on Waterloo, and the disk flew along with us, much to our surprise and horror. We turned south on Western, and it made the turn with us. Despite the fact we were very frightened, it was a wonderful thing to see. It flew beautifully, tipping from side to side, soaring, giving us a very good look, and completely silent.

I thought that if I never saw one of these up close again, this would always be the most beautiful thing I ever saw. I wished I had a motion picture camera, but alas. It was only three miles to our house, and it seemed like 50. We parked in the driveway, and the disk hovered in the field north of the house over an old hedge apple tree, about 200 feet to the north.

It was clear the vehicle was using a gigantic value of electricity. I became aware that the enormous negative energy holding it aloft struck the ground and fanned out. Some was hitting me, and I knew that it was killing the tree, and that later I would witness the dried trunk and branches collapse.

I couldn1t imagine why I thought that, but I was very certain of it. The disk did not fly away. A white haze energy field about four inches thick enveloped the disk, and it disappeared without a sound, as we both shouted, 1wow.1 It was about 9:15 p.m.

After the second day, the fronds on the tree turned brown, and by the third day, it was clear the tree was dead. It never again showed signs of life.

I was 14. I graduated from high school, then college. When I visited the house, I went out to see the tree many times, certain the moment had come. It didn1t collapse, but I remained certain I would see it.

Ten years passed. The last time I checked, I saw it collapse. It was dramatic, and sounded like many large panes of glass shattering and clinking into a million pieces. What is the chance I would see something so fleeting that happens in just a couple seconds, and why was I so sure I would see it? It ranks among the few strangest things that have happened to me.

For years I thought it must be an alien technology because we don1t teach that kind of physics at the graduate level, and we don1t. But, I grew up in the era of the antigravity project, and I knew in the back of my mind it might be and probably was earth technology. Certainly, that1s what people who worked at Tinker said.

I began drinking within a couple weeks, and drank heavily for 14 years to drown my sorrow, then gave up drinking.

What was it? I applied everything I1ve seen and been able to learn. I concluded it was one of ours, utilizing Tesla1s antigravity electromagnetic drive developed by the enormously expensive, stolen antigravity project (see [Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]). When the disk vanished, it went to hidden space, which means what we saw was an actual, whole-universe transportation vehicle, capable of speeds far exceeding light speed and able to traverse time.

I remember this as if it happened today. It was my only close look at an antigravity vehicle, and since then I1ve never doubted the reality of antigravity or free extraction electricity. We1ve been able to do all this since 1958, and those who stole the technical data keep humanity living in the dark ages.
