{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-02 05:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515917","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42222","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2786,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/917/mufon-5515917.json","updb_database_id":5515917}
I was out taking pictures of the sunrise. I did not see the craft, only after downloading pictures into the computer did I notice it.

It was around 5:45-5:50am that I had gone out to take pictures of the sunrise as the pinks on the clouds were quire striking. I took a number of pictues in the same spot and only one had the object show up. I did hear a strange noise twice, and also earlier at 4:45am when putting the dog out. At 4:45 it was very loud, sounding like creaking, but multiple sounds upon each other, sort of out of sync. When the dog came to the door to be let in I had to speak to it to settle down so as to undo the leash and the sound stopped immediately ? The dog wanted to get in the house quickly but it does this all the time so I can't equate it to the noise.
The second sound at 5:45 was much lower in tone, sounding like something turning,starting, very loud....I've never heard anything like it before. It did it twice and each time I stopped and looked around, it was just so different from anything I've ever heard ?

I did not see the object while taking the picture. It was only after downloading to my computer did I notice it. I took a number of pictures in the same direction,West, and only one shot captured the object.

I am a retired federal civil servant, have lived near an Air Base for over 60 years. There were no aircraft flying, or weather ballons. I smelled nothing and the only thing I was aware of during the episode was the sounds I heard. The temperature was 6 degrees Celcius ( 43F ),humidity around 70% and the winds were calm. The sun had not yet come up directly but seeing outside was good. I was outdoors for about 10 minutes.

I had zoomed the camera and it had gone beyond optical to digital so the quality of the picture is less than it could have been, but at the time I just didn't see anything.
