{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-08-15 23:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504917","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53962","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3679,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/917/mufon-5504917.json","updb_database_id":5504917}
String of low Flying UFO's flew over our car and into horizon.

Our family (Father and Mother plus three Children: 2 Sisters and I) were on our way back from visiting our Uncle in South West England in Devon. I am not sure of the exact location other than it was a quiet country road, it was a warm summers night and we on our way home. I beleive I was approx 9 years old, perhaps 7 years old. 
I was standing looking through the sun roof of the car behind, and suddenly there was a bright light in the sky in the distance, it was moving towards us at high speed but from a very long distance. At first I thought it was an airplane, but as it moved towards our car, this became unindentified. 
It started off high in the sky and then seemed to lock its path moving towards us and following the winding path of the country road.
It was quiet, it glowed a blue white light which hugged the contour of the vehicle but it was very bright to look at and very luminous. 
As it approached us, I shouted to my mother and father first telling them there was a plane approaching us, but they shrugged it off, as it got closer though my father noticed the light through the rear view mirror, I also noticed there were others following it closely behind. 
These craft had a shape, domelike with an edge, I think. But certainly not the shape of an airplane or normal aircraft with wings. And they were incredibly fast but quiet. 
I remember it approaching and it lit up our car, everyone realized I what I was saying was real. As it drew closer to us, I remember the car electrics draining and the car engine coming to a stop, I also vaguely remember that we seemed to be one the stone verge after it passed over. 
It lit the car very brightly as it flew over, there was no sound. 
Now things are fuzzy from the point of it approaching really close, to it lighting up inside the car, and as far as I remember we were now moved onto the side of the road with the car sitting on top of the pebble side part of the road. Like we had pulled over. I remember the engine had cut out and electrics of the car drained powerless as it flew over. 
Then we are back on the road continuing our journey. For some reason, the memory now is of the other identical craft, I recall three that flew over one after the other very fast and then into the horizon, very, very fast. 
I remember they made no noise, but there was a sound blast a short time after they flew over which was very loud. 

Now what's the oddest thing about all of this. 

It was "erased" / blanked out of my memory afterwards for years. 

Only, in 2004 I mentioned to my mother that I was reading a book about UFOs and how interesting it was she reminded me about this incident. When she did, I suddenly remembered it. 

I find it very weird on the effect on my memory. And I've recalled more and more since that time, when I've put some thought to this. But IS THERE MORE TO THIS?

What's odd is that it seems to be blank between the time, just before it flew over to when it shot off. 

I would like to speak to someone about this.
