{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-01 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476917","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83277","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2604,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/917/mufon-5476917.json","updb_database_id":5476917}
{rjl} Triangle shaped UFO with lights at each point came out of nowhere and hovered near me, then it zig-zagged and flew off at incredible speed.

I was outside my home at around 8 PM when a I heard a quiet swish sound like something small had just flown towards me. I looked up to see a triangle shaped object in the air about 15 to 20 feet above me and 5 to 10 feet away from me (ground distance). It had a smooth, solid, and black surface with yellow-white lights at the two bottom points of the triangle and one red light at the tip. It seemed to quickly appear out of nowhere and I stopped in my tracks because I could not immediately identify it. I stared at it in awe and felt slightly startled because I did not know what it was or what it would do next. It was so close and low in the sky I knew it was definitely not any type of aircraft I have seen before. It moved with a strange grace and ease that seemed unlike any modern aircraft. It was very silent except for a soft whirring sound like a fan. I observed it from underneath as it unexpectedly made a zig-zag movement in a straight, horizontal line. I felt scared because I have never seen anything do that motion before. In a way, it reminded me of the repulsion of two magnets when they are brought near each other. Suddenly, it dropped a few feet very abruptly and I was worried it would get closer. However, immediately after it flew back into the sky at such an incredible speed I could barely comprehend it. It seemed to vanish in a way that reminded me of a Star Trek ship moving at warp-speed into space. It was faster than what I would believe any military jet could be capable of. It seemed strange to me that it could silently hover above me, then suddenly take off so fast I could not see it. As quickly as it came, it disappeared.
