{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-11 08:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485917","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73811","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5774,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/917/mufon-5485917.json","updb_database_id":5485917}
{cak} Have witnessed multiple UFO sightings within the last 2 months. Closest I have ever witnessed.

1. Leaving dinner, going to friends house to watch The Bachelor
2. I have had multiple foreign object experiences lately and each sighting starts the same. I notice a certain type of glowing light in the sky. This type of glow is brighter and more yellow than a regular star. It almost appears like 2 glowing light bulbs, one on top of the other. They shine in a way that I feel drawn to it. Like hypnotized. It's like it seduces me. As its glowing in a sort of pulsating pattern, the object is still not moving. Other similar objects I have seen have been known to fly towards the main pulsating object. The other objects are strange because the lights can be extremely bright projecting a yellow, blue, red light but they are also able to turn off the lights completely. The direction in which all the objects fly is unusual. I have documented in slow motion where you can the objects flying up and down suddenly, change direction, and bounce throughout the sky. 
3. At first I have thought the objects were stars, planes, or some kind city light. But after awhile (I know this sounds crazy) I have been able to spot the objects frequently. To the point were I have become paranoid. I feel like I have a mental disorder. It starts to consume and the sightings will happen so often that I am legitimately terrified and no longer think the quest to seek the truth is fun, but rather similar to a wee-gee (not sure of spelling) board. To explain, I feel as if the more open, inviting, and curious I have been, the more I have been shown. At times I have to ask the universe to stop because it is too much. The odd but really amazing thing is, it does. 
4. As I mentioned in question 2, my sightings have begun with an unusual light that beams brighter yellow kind of pulsating and hypnotizing way were I am entranced. Then I get a rush of wanting to know what is it that I have been seeing. Is it man made? So then I have followed the object making weird turns trying to get out of the city lights. Once I have, I start to video the object(s), take pictures and film in slow-motion. The object(s) are hovering in the sky, not moving. At other times (not tonight) I have footage of the lights in the objects seeming to communicate. Tonight's footage however I chased the object for about 30
Minutes trying to get a clear view once I spotted it. I then gave up and was driving to my house because my friend had watched the bachelor without me because I was taking so long. I figured I would try and see the object from the top of my garage. When I got to the top level, it was there or moving towards a certain spot were it hovered for what felt like 10 minutes. It didn't move. Just shined. The craziest thing is that after a few minutes, the object started moving towards me. I was kind of freaked out and excited at the same time. This is when it was bizarre. As it move towards me, it was like the captain hooks ship on Peter Pan. It got closer, and as it did, the objects lights changed. To me, it was if the tipped over and became flat like a pancake. The perpendicular lights were now horizontal and the red, yellow and white was emitted from a now circular shaped object. I could not believe it was happening but I did not feel scared. I felt excited. I tried to look up to see what the middle was like. When I did, I couldn't see anything. After emitting glowing lights around the circumference of a circular object, the object gained speed and it looked as if it somehow had wings - one on each side emitting 2 perpendicular flashing yellow lights (now not as bright but similar to a plane) on each side. As I am reflecting on it now, it is as if there was more than one level in the object.
5. After a previous sighting I had documented a little less than a month ago, I felt terrified and asked the universe to please stop. This was because I caught a couple of things while filming in slow motion that was super scary and I was confused about. This time I felt great, excited, comfortable but at the same time leaves with what does this mean and why does this keep happening and am I going to get obsessed again with finding the truth in what I have seen.
6. I lost sight of the object because I could no longer see over the top of my parking garage because I was at an angle. 

***Have more footage of this account and another. Please, if you find this unusual, contact me. I just want answers and to not feel crazy.
