{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-11-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492560","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66971","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2870,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/560/mufon-5492560.json","updb_database_id":5492560}
{rjl} 8 amber lights about the size of a full moon directly over my house

On Thanksgiving night 2009, I went outside after dinner with my wife and friend to smoke a cigarette outside of my house. I looked up at the sky and noticed eight large amber colored spherical lights about the size of a full moon directly above my house. They were at cloud level so approximately 500-1000 feet up and stayed stationary for approximately 90 minutes. They did not move but they did fade in and out so that some lights would go dark while others stayed lit. This continued periodically and at times they would all remain lit until after about 90 minutes there was only one light that remained lit and it drifted north into the horizon until we could no longer see it. The light that drifted north did not move at a rapid speed, I would estimate that it moved about 200 miles/hour similar to an airplane. 

We live under a main flight path in San Diego and I saw several airplanes and helicopters fly by the area but there seemed to be no change of path for the aircraft due to the lights. I took several photos and videos on my digital camera of the lights but after the event when I went inside to view them the camera was dead even though I still had a 75% full battery while taking the photos. There was only one photo that remained on my phone but only one small light showed on the picture. When I zoomed in on the light it seemed to have a mushroom shape but the image was too fuzzy to tell what it was. I have seen chinese lanterns and these were definitely not them since they stayed stationary for 90 minutes despite a 10-15 mph westerly wind, they also weren't flares since there was no smoke eminating and they did not drop in elevation. I have no idea what they were but I have never seen anything like them since. I was not scared of the objects, they almost seemed to give me a sense of peace. 

The next day I spoke to a friend of mine that lived about three blocks away and he brought them up to me before I even mentioned them to him. He described the same thing to me but from his angle they seemed to have more of a triangular pattern, where I only saw a random pattern of lights. We both checked the news networks online but did not see any reports of what happened.
