{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-20 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284560","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118857","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2663,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/560/mufon-5284560.json","updb_database_id":5284560}
Turning onto Phillips Rd from Warm Springs, it was seen slowly moving above the trees.

I was on my way home from West Georgia Technical Collage and I was in the passenger seat of my mothers car. I told my mom to stop the car on the side of the road because a decently large ship or craft was hovering a couple car lengths above us. I knew 100% it was not human made without any doubts simply from its design and the absence of sound or flight safety being just a couple feet above pine trees. I honestly don't know how to explain it except it wasn't manmade. I was in such awe of what I was seeing I cant remember if it was stationary and then starting slowly moving or if it was always moving. It slowly spins or looked like it was and seemed like it should fall out the sky because of no wings or sounds of engines or helicopter blades. While me and my mother was looking at it, parked on the side of the road, I felt like I should have been scared but wasn't. I simply looked at it with almost no reaction but staring at it and being in almost a trance like feeling but I had full control of myself, I was curious of what was going to happen next. We watched it hover over the trees and continue along until the trees blocked it from our view then we simply drove off asking each other if we just seen that both of us saying yes, my mother sounded scared to comment on it even today but never denies it. Like I just said it flew over the trees and out of sight seeming like it had no intention to hide from us at all. I really remember the bottom of it, multiple cubes next to and inside of each other attached to a disc shaped cylinder that was a couple feet tall and a dozen feet across and jet black all over I could only see the cubes because they protruded out of the bottom of it. I could have hit it with a rock it was so close and I cant throw that far. Sadly I didn't think to take a picture I didn't want to look away for a second. I just want answers.
