{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-06 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505560","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53287","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2614,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/560/mufon-5505560.json","updb_database_id":5505560}
{nd} Bright blue green lighted object spotted over Yorba Linda area Jan 6, 2014

Hi everyone I live in Fullerton CA and I just saw the strangest brightest blue green light 5 minutes ago. I assume it was over the far end of Fullerton near Imperial hwy possibly on the boarder of Yorba Linda. I was lying in my bed watching a Shinobi longplay on my computer when out of the corner of my eye I saw the brightest strangest blue green lighted object speeding east to west. It had a blinking red light which I know planes and helicopters have but the way this thing flew was like nothing Ive ever seen before! Kind of like a wave like pattern but extremely fast for the distance it covered! And blue green light! Too quiet to be a helicopter for sure! (I have seen and heard a helicopter at that distance before and this thing was not a helicopter) AND AND! There was another regular plane flying in from north east with a white light making a VERY high speed dive at the blue green lighted object. It seemed to me that the blue green lighted object saw the white lighted plane and stopped its forward motion, dead stopped, and sort of hovered for a few seconds and then descended rapidly toward the ground(at that point I could no longer see the red blinking light). During the green blue objects descent the white lighted plane was pulling out of its dive and by the time the white lighted plane was fully horizontal the green blue object had fully disappeared from my view. I could still see the white lighted plane though and it just continued on its way west but it had slowed down substantially. (I should note here that the only reason I assume the white lighted object was just a normal plane was because it didn't match the green blue objects sudden change in direction and the fact that it had to noticeably pull out of its dive pattern.) Spectacular event! I hope I find out what this was. This happened at appx. 10:00pm, Monday January 6, 2014! What a spectacular site. Any information would be greatly appreciated.
