{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-11 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510560","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47837","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4161,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/560/mufon-5510560.json","updb_database_id":5510560}
{cak} Was with friend, watching movie and paused because we thought a plane was going to crash into my house or something, extrememly loud, when we went outside to check it was just the two of us looking up

My friend and I were watching a movie, I cant really recall what movie, because I have been hesitant about posting on here for the past two years and Im not at liberty to say why... However I can tell you this is not the first time unusual things have occurred around me such as this... Anyway we were watching a movie late at night, and I had to pause it because we couldnt understand the dialogue due to the volume of whatever was outside, as I said we thought a plane was about to crash outside so we ran out to see what was up. We made it to the front porch and stood their for a second, the sound had dissipated completely, slow at first but just disappeared by the time we made it outside, we saw a helicopter about a mile or two away with a searchlight on looking around towards the ground, and I remember thinking it was probably just someone the cops were looking for. Shortly after, I remember everything vibrating like I imagine an earthquake would like, I mean the ground, puddles of water, windows and cars, we both kind of stopped and looked up simultaneously due to a sharp gust of wind that swept the area around us, mind you Im on my front porch! I look up and I see a huge light with four lights around it, and I cant even begin to account for how many lights surrounded the exterior, Im not epileptic, but my god I felt like I could seizure staring into this, whatever I was staring at, but I could make out a deffinent shape that was a circle or oval. It was all black, the lights illuminated so brightly it was difficult to make out much else of the craft, but the sound Im telling you was deafening, I talked to my neighbors and NONE of them heard anything throughout the night. Only my friend and I heard it. How thats possible in itself I cant fathom, let alone the fact that this thing which Ill remind you yet again was right above my house! and by the way, its radius far surpassed that of my house! Im no scholar or anything but this things circumference was at least four-seven times the size of the perimeter of property. So if my estimations are correct, this thing was a couple hundred feet in diameter. And it lingered above my house, no, my friend and I for at least a solid sixty seconds before slowly hovering down my street until it was above the baseball field at the end of my street and just turned to the right from where I was standing and it moved a little bit that direction and then just flew off and it was gone, I mean I had my eyes zoned directly on this thing the whole time and it just disappeared. My friend and I didn't even talk about it until about a month after it happened. That night, afterwards we just looked at each other and she said simply, "Ok well Ill see you later" and I saw the look on her face, and I told her to get home safe and call me when she got home. I stayed outside until she called me, it took about thirty minutes, but within that time I saw and heard at least four more helicopters, never saw any of them though. then she called me to let me know she was safe and we still didn't talk about it. The week after that, I saw several military choppers surveying the area frequently and I mean almost every day for a good two-three weeks, not to mention small regimes of soldiers here and there. A lot of similar stuff has happened in this area in the past months after this incident as well.
