Case No. 1760 28022022

Date: 31 October 2021.

Approximate Time: 20:50 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Spring.

Witnesses: A. A. M. G.

Description: The informant reported having photographed air abnormalities at
20:50 hours on 31 October 2021 from an unspecified location in the "Barrio Yungay",
in the commune of Santiago, in the Metropolitan Region.

What was reported was described as having the form of "light", a "stroboscopic-like" color,
and a size of 5 to 10 centimeters that remained for 1 to 5 seconds.
Always to the east of two observers.

The user concluded their initial testimony by stating: "We were taking pictures of the buildings and upon closer inspection, we noticed the phenomenon."

For statistical purposes, a study position was taken at the coordinates 33° 26' 15'' South Latitude and 70° 40' 26'' West Longitude.

Contradicting their initial testimony, in an email on March 5, the informant declared they had seen the reported object directly and that the three photographs sent were original.
All the images that supported the report were perused using computer tools, confirming that they do not contain cloned or added pixels to what was portrayed.

However, the review of the content of the image files revealed no anomalies or manipulations.
It determined that although all three photos had been taken by a
cell phone of the Apple brand, the date of their creation had been erased
from all of them and one of the files had been cropped to 1289 x 4032 pixels.
Consequently, it was insisted on having the complete photograph in its
Original file. In response, on Monday, March 7, 2022, the user sent a file that is also not as it was left by the cell phone after the capture, that is, it shows signs of subsequent alteration or manipulation.

Photographic and geometric analyses of the three uncropped images of the case demonstrated that in all of them there were luminous elements associated with the existence of focal symmetries.

These symmetries not only determined that what was reported were reflections.
These optical aberrations or "flares" were caused when photographing by pointing directly at the lighting sources that originated the parasitic light beams that entered the camera lens system and generated the bright figures by touching the photographic sensor of the equipment. Therefore, they only existed inside the cell phone and could not be seen.
directly. Derived from this is that the interpretations that led to the report will only be based on what was perceived when reviewing the photographs.

Figure 1 has an example of one of those parasitic reflections.

                                     Figure 1
Images: Three JPEG format photographs attached below:
Conclusion: According to the analysis of the testimonies and the results of the forensic, photographic, and geometric analyses, it was concluded that what was reported
They were parasitic reflections, or "flares," caused by photographing against the light without protection.

These optical aberrations came from parasitic light beams that entered the camera lens system and generated the bright figures by touching the photographic sensor of the equipment. They only existed inside the cell phone, so they could not be seen directly.

Therefore, the case was closed and classified as "Explained."
