{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-13 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286978","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116402","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3067,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/978/mufon-5286978.json","updb_database_id":5286978}
A tall hostile grey aggressively abducted me

In 2012 I was living with my then girlfriend in Indianapolis when one night we were visited by a very slender very tall extremely hostile grey alien. I was taken from my bed and dragged across the floor where we phased through the wall into the backyard where hovering silently just above the tree tops was a semi-translucent triangular craft with each of the three points disappearing beyond the horizon. it was massive. biggest thing I've ever seen in the sky. I remember thinking it was part of the sky, but as we neared the center of my backyard it's edges became illuminated by a strange extremely bright pulsating bluish white light. In the center was a dull red light, which seemed to be dullest at it's edges and slowly becoming brighter in the center. i got the sense it was some type of weapon. then the bluish white light flashed like lightening. the next thing I remember is waking up face down on the lawn my clothes inside out and backwards. my socks completely gone and never found. I had the feeling of sea sickness with rubbery legs and general confusion, which I have experienced before in a concussion. I was discovered extremely traumatized by my girlfriend who had been searching for me. Upon entering the house it appeared to have ransacked. Both of our pit bulls were unexplainably locked in a spare bedroom. My girlfriend began explaining her experience with the same entity, which I had not described to her yet. she claimed it had the ability to modify reality and made itself look like me. she had sex with who she thought was me. she passed out during the encounter. she woke that morning terrified, nude and laying in our walk in closet with no recollection of going in there. She then discovered I was missing and then subsequently discovered me laying in the backyard. all of the electronics in the house were fried. for about two weeks it returned every night. for that entire two weeks i didn't speak of anything that happened. was extremely withdrawn and afraid. neighbors witnessed the craft and the lights in the sky as well as my and my girlfriends odd behavior during this time. then suddenly it all stopped. I live in extreme fear ever since I was a skeptic before this, now I am a ufologist myself. one thing I forgot to mention was how it smelled, we both recalled it having a strange moldy cinnamon like smell to it that for me reminded me oddly of like the sleeping gas at the dentist.
