{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509978","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48435","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2978,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/978/mufon-5509978.json","updb_database_id":5509978}
{nd} Bright light/orb with smaller satellite orb

I walked out onto the back patio a little after midnight on 6/25. I happened to look up into the sky and noticed a bright white light coming from the south and heading towards me. My first thought was a commercial aircraft with its "headlights" shining in my direction. As the object got closer, I noticed there were no flashing lights and found it a little strange that the brightness or lighting pattern never changed (as one would expect with a commercial airliner).

I continued to watch the object as it remained in a linear path heading to the north. As it passed overhead, another orb appeared slightly behind the main orb. It was smaller and much more dimly lit than the "main" orb. It was following the same path, but continuing to trail slightly behind. All of a sudden, the dimmer orb changed direction, heading momentarily to the east, then accelerating at an angle to come up to the east side of the main orb. It continued to stay on the east side of the main orb, moving at exactly the same speed. 

At this point, I opened our back door and yelled for my daughter and wife to come quickly. As they came out, I very quickly told them to look at the main orb (which was very easy to see), but told them to look for the much duller orb. In the few seconds it took me to explain, the duller orb had moved back to a position of following the main orb. My daughter immediately saw both orbs, but my wife was only able to see the main orb. At this point, both orbs were slightly north of us, but remained constant in color with no variation.

We walked 20 feet west off the patio into the back yard to continue viewing (we have a big cottonwood tree that began to block our view). In that short walk, both orbs disappeared. We continued to look for another 30 seconds or so, but they did not reappear.

There was never any sound associated with the objects and light emitted or reflected never changed. The main orb was a fairly bright white and the smaller orb more of a dim/gray. I would estimate that they were higher than a traditional commercial aircraft, as we are accustomed to seeing them fly over occasionally and there was also a commercial airliner flying from east to west at the same time to give us further reference. Its lights were flashing and it could be heard after moving past our house off to the west.
