{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-17 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492978","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66543","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4115,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/978/mufon-5492978.json","updb_database_id":5492978}
{cak} A bright asprin-sized object rose from the mountain range, and then hovered for a while. It then fell like a leaf back behind the mountains.

It was about 1AM. I was at a friend's house and we decided to go outside for a while to relax and talk on her porch. A few of our other friend's decided to go out for a night swim in the pool. While we were talking, my friend noticed something rising from the mountain range, behind an elementary school that is directly behind her house. We all watched this bright, asprin-sized white/gold object rise and then stop. It stayed there for a while, and it looked like it dropped something a couple times. It got dimmer and then descended back down like a leaf floating slowly back in forth. My friend described it as looking like someone parachuting down. About 20 minutes later, my friend and I were talking about what we had just saw, but then heard our friend's drying off say to shut up. My friend had then asked why and the reply was that they saw someone walking through the field behind their backyard, near the school. As soon as I had heard that, I looked up and saw a strange, dark-looking figure walking very fast. It was almost as if they were gliding. At the time we thought it was just a random tweaker, but quickly noticed this figure was super tall and naked. Probably about 7ft tall. Those who were closer were whistling to get its attention, but it continued to walk with, as one described "it's very skinny arm wrapped around it's chest as if it was injured". She then called out to it, saying "hey, what are you doing?" As soon as she finished talking, the figure slowly turned our way, staring at all of us. My friend who had spoken out was the closest to the "thing" and yelled that it was not human, it had no face, and that it had no hair. Two of the three girls drying off in the yard ran up to my friend and I on the porch, and we all had a good stare down with the figure for about 5 seconds, until I said we should head inside. The figure was not saying anything, but just creepily staring, and it had made me feel not only scared, but uncomfortable. As each of us ran inside, we slammed the sliding glass door shut, and then realized one of the three girls in the yard was still out there, so we opened the door once again, letting her in. Before she came inside, she took one look back, and said she could still see it staring us down. We got her in, locked the door, shut and locked all windows in the house because we were afraid of it coming to the house, since it had just watched where we went. We went back to the door and opened it. The figure was gone. We then called the authorities, saying that we had saw someone naked walking in the elementary's field, behind her house. They did send someone out, but it took a good 10 to 15 minutes before they came. They did patrol the school, looking out into the field with their spotlight, but not for long. They had then left. We all went back outside on the portch, hoping to see it walk back so that we could see where it went and what exactly it was doing. We also wanted to see it again. We waited a good 20 minutes, but it did not come back, so we went back inside. One thing we all regret about that night was running inside so quickly because we did not get a picture or see where it had went. Now we all worry it will return back to her house. Especially since it knows now where they live.
