{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-02-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282978","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120465","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3195,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/978/mufon-5282978.json","updb_database_id":5282978}
Jan, feb, of 2001

Out after school on a Friday with my friend Chris. We decide to go mountain bike rideing behind [removed personal information and location to Investigators report section/cms/LLL]. It was a weekend my father was supposed to pick me up for the weekend so we couldn't do our full trail loop. Tried making a short cut new trail. Get half way through and chis points out across the pond saying whats that. Anyways they spot us, we get scared. He ran back to his bike, I keep pushing my bike through because we were almost to the other side anyways. I get on the trail and get consumed by a bright light and paralyzed crashing my bike. Next thing I know I'm riding my bike again out the trail. I search for Chris but can't find him so I just go home. When I get home my family tells me its Sunday ( I think they are joking) altot more happends. I sneek out try talking to Chris. He says it was just some kids messing around in there Halloween costumes with spot lights. Well Monday I wake up and my eyes are crusted over and can't open my eyes. I dont go to school for a week. The guys in suits visit saying they were there to talk about something that happened with my aunt and uncle so I let them in. Once there in they ask me what I remember happened over the weekend. I just tell them what I saw and that I disappeared for 2 days. Then they ask me who I've told, I tell them everyone because ì was only 12 or 13 and family was worried about me but no one believed me except my grandfather. I can do a walk through of everything even bring someone to the exact places. Its really hard to type everything here. Scary to even talk about and still to this day I've only talked about it with my therapist and 2 other people. Only wanting to put this out there incase it helps in some way for someone else or pieces something together. I still don't know what happened those 2 days and don't want to either. If I just crashed my bike and was knocked out for the 2 days I would have froze to death. And my friend also went back there the next day to look for me because my mom knew I was with him. But he said he didn't see me. I tried talking to him about it but he didn't even believe what we saw but then again he might have gotten a visit by the suit guy before hand telling him not to talk about it I don't know. My mom did bring me to the hospital about my eyes crusted shut. But I was young when all this happen and scared. And a week or 2 later my grandfather passed away from heart attack and want to know if it was because I told the guys that he was the only one that believed me.
