{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-12-26 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463978","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96931","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2559,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/978/mufon-5463978.json","updb_database_id":5463978}
Approach red glowing silent perfect coming toward us turned and was ultraviolet and different from behind

My wife and I were finishing up outside when I was walking into the house. My wife said to me, What is this? I turned back and walked to her and looked. Right away I knew I was looking at something different and obviously so did my wife. Approaching us at a slow but perfectly steady and stable height was a glowing red orb from the West at dusk. Not fuzzy at all and silent. I watched it come in over town so I raced inside to get a camera. Looking back my wife should have done this as I don't own a phone but she is handicapped. I raced outside and it was getting close probably 150 meters so I turned the camera on. At this point, it turned 90 degrees to the South. It was beautiful and bright and made no noise at all. As it moved away I had trouble getting a photo of it. I was in a backyard and my house was in the way. It never changed speed even though it knew we saw it and were trying to take photos. I held the camera above my head and tried to take snapshots of it It was not red from behind but a bright violet colour almost white at times. I took photos of everything, even my security cameras but I'm sure the photo remaining is of the craft or whatever it was. I'm sure it wasn't propelled by anything that I knew of. My wife asked me what I think it is and I told her all the things it should be doing, it wasn't. I said to her it was a UFO by all definitions. We both felt really good about the incident. Afterwards, I put a post on the town facebook about it and just received ridicule so I removed it. Nobody seemed to have noticed it. I would like someone to enhance my photo as I can sort of see my house in the frame. Since then I have had a strange sense of something I can't explain when I go outside to use my telescope. Other small things as well.
