{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-08 23:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497978","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61283","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5474,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/978/mufon-5497978.json","updb_database_id":5497978}
{cak} 3 orbs in a stationary triangle formation, possibly one large triangle with orbs on tips? not moving.

OK, well, i was at home, doing dishes, when my roommate comes charging into the kitchen saying "that UFO i saw is back, GO OUT ON THE DECK!!!" 

- (she saw the same thing about two years ago while we were hanging out at the creek that runs through our yard, apparently she saw it to the south and much lower in the sky and says it was humming, i did not see or hear it that time but i had been drinking, and all i remember was her saying "WHAT THE F..K, run!" we ran to/in the house and i asked her what the h..l was wrong? she said "i just saw a craft" she described it to me, and i remember getting an intense feeling of terror, like i was frozen and in slow motion at the same time, sort of like sleep paralysis. i remember sitting on the floor of the kitchen for an hour, afraid to look up because we have skylights. I1m assuming i was that terrified because i had been drinking and just sprinted up two acres of yard, because this sort of thing isn't something that would normally cause me to freak like that, i have always believed that were not the only intelligent beings in the universe, but until tonight have never seen a UFO.. other than pictures on Google.

anyway, so, she runs in screaming about how this ufo is back, i follow her onto the deck and she is pointing at the sky, i looked up and saw these three stationary orbs in a huge triangle formation (or possibly one big triangle with lights on its tips?) and i immediately started asking myself questions.. are they planes? no, there not moving and not blinking and we live under a flight path near a major airport, so i know what normal commercial jets do and look like, were also near a military base (where my roommate works). is it military? no, they do their stuff to the north, these lights were not in a place they would have been doing anything, especially at 11:30pm on Saturday. Where my roommate and I having simultaneous strokes? i doubt it. is there a gas leak in the house causing hallucinations? no, its a brand new house with "everything" detectors in every room.  is it flares? no, i looked through binoculars and they were not flickering, not slowly falling, the formation they were in never changed shape.. they were a solid light reddish yellow, almost gold but not as vibrant if that makes sense? i took my phone out of my pocket, took about ten pictures and a short video, and then just watched them/it for about 5-8 minutes, i lined them up in my eyesight with the corner of my house to judge weather or not they where moving, and honestly believe they were not moving. after 5-8 minutes they just went away in an instant, like JUST GONE, NO flash, no burn out or anything i just blinked and they were gone! i have no idea how long they/it was there before i saw it, my roommate told me about it as soon as she saw it, but how long it was there before either of us saw it.. i do not know.   this all happened at around 11:30pm. 11/8/2014

Of the three "orbs" only two showed up in any of the pictures or video, i have no idea why, the third orb (location shown on one of the pics) was the same size and color as the others but was a bit less bright, i believe the clouds where moving in front of this one? i could see it perfectly in person. I took the pics and video with a galaxy s5 smartphone, so there not exactly professional quality. In the video the orbs appear to flicker.. in person they did not, i think this was just me being shaky while recording and possibly clouds.  also, i don1t remember hearing any humming in person but the video seems to have a very low hum to the audio.. my phone has never had that in videos before and i don1t live near anything that would make that sound, like factories or highways or anything.

i feel like this is waaaay to long and not well written, that is probably true, since it is now almost 7am. this is my first UFO sighting and report, and is the last thing i expected to be doing at 7am, so, sorry for that.  i just figured maybe this information could be helpful or interesting in some way.
