Date                            Date
Case Number: 894 2112018                      11/21/2018                          12/04/2018
Report:                      Resolution:
Location: Loncura Region: Valparaíso Classification: Resolved.
The report of the presence of anomalous objects in photographs was entered.
They were taken between December 19 and 20, 2015, at the Skatepark of Paseo Borde.
Summary: A coastal location in Quintero, Loncura sector. They described them as having varied shapes and white and black colorations. Capable of moving in different directions.

They mention that in December 2015, they were photographed multiple times while skating at the Quintero Skatepark. Years later, when reviewing those photos again, the user/observer noticed a strange object in the sky in three of them.
When requesting images to support the report, the three photographs were analyzed
where the user indicated the presence of the reported objects. They were perused through
ELA (Error Level Analysis) and CMF (Copy and Motion Forgery) analysis, which indicated
that the images had not been altered. No metadata were found.

Investigation:
Under zoom, it was possible to appreciate that the phenomena correspond to a single object,
which has moved in adjacent sectors in relation to where it was located
in the different photographs. In the first two photographs, and especially in
the second, the angle it has with respect to the camera allowed its profile to be seen.

Luminance analyses allowed the objects to be characterized as
possessing volume. Processing of their edges made it possible
To appreciate the outline of the silhouettes.

The technical analysis of the images allows us to appreciate that the reported phenomena correspond to a single object, which has moved in adjacent sectors in relation to its position in the various photographs. It is about
Conclusion:
the flight of a bird from left to right in the photographs, the wings are spread out and apparently static. This is characteristic of
When planning with the marine breeze.
