{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-14 22:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479196","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80907","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2452,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/196/mufon-5479196.json","updb_database_id":5479196}
{nd} large lights appeared above my land

My friend, who lived about 15 miles from me, called me shortly after 10 o'clock one night in Feb. Or march of 2012 and asked me to go out to my pasture and tell her what I saw. I walked out my back door and could see nothing out of the ordinary. So I proceeded toward my barn and walked around some trees to a clearing and in the sky about 45 degrees above the eastern horizon was a large bright white light, I remembered screaming but I don't remember what was said between my friend and I. It was round and made no noise and no apparent craft was visible. After a few seconds the light seemed to flicker away and as quick as it disappeared two more lights appeared directly below where the first light had been. Again I screamed but this time I noticed that the horses were running up and down the fence line and neighing all the while and I had an overwhelming Erie feeling along with the sense that something was creeping around behind me. Again after a few seconds the light on the left flickers away then the light on the right followed. This time three lights appeared directly below the previous lights and one by one from left to right they each flickered away. The whole experience for me lasted 3 minutes but as for my friend, she had been observing the lights for several minutes before calling me and the color of the lights that she could see were different than the lights that I could see. I regret that I did not take pictures or a video but in my defense I was paralyzed and in shock at that moment and not to mention that i was still on the phone with my friend. As soon as it was over I left to pick up my daughter just down the road, when I returned home i could hear several helicopters in the distance. My first assumption as to what this might be was the moon but it didn't look like it was natural.
