{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495196","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64249","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4369,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/196/mufon-5495196.json","updb_database_id":5495196}
{rjl} star descending below me hovering lights pulsating rocking bright silent disappearing everynight

My friends and I always played on a rope swing it is over looking the Illinois river , bartonvile and peoria airport. It was late around 9pm we were watching the lights about 5 miles away (below us) (creve Coeur sits on a hill) I was looking at the stars and noticed a new one. About an hour passed we were getting ready to leave and the star I was looking at for ever started to descend. I said hey hey look look and it came down about 500 feet above the river. 300 feet above us.it sat for about 5 minutes not moving looking exactly like a close star. It moved slowly the went over the horizon about 10 miles straight ahead of us. It lit up the part of the trees it went over. Since then I watched that area of the sky every night or every other night I could see the "star" from my porch. Every time I seen it I would sprint down there about a block away. Every night it would do the same thing.
The best experience with this object happened with about 8 of my friends I made come down to watch the "rope swing ufo".we were sitting and I kept saying watch that star they were looking at me like I was crazy. About an hour passed and like clockwork it descended but it didn't stop at the usual height it kept coming down like it seen us or it was showing itself to us or just coincidencidently we all witnessed this time. It stopped above the river straight across from us probably an eighth of a mile or less. It didn't look like a star anymore it looked like two rows of lights with inconsyncopated lights going around it. We could see a slight rocking to it very slightly like how a helicopter would rock but it was absolutely silent. It was hard to tell if it was really rocking or if it was because we were squinting so much because it was that bright. It hovered there for 5 minutes maybe and as we were all talking. It vanished no tracers no acceleration it didn't just turn the lights off it was gone. 
      A week went by every night I looked from my porch i didn't see the star. After band practice I went out to cool down I seen it. I yelled to my friend he came out. I took off to watch it. He didn't think it was such a big deal. Finally about 45 minutes went by and it descended to the normal height. About 500 feet above the river / Bartonville. We were watching he was saying I don't know its probably something explainable but what he didn't know. Then here comes an airplane not a little one a big one that can hold like 100 people it circled around the proximity where it was . The plane went above it so thats how low it was. The plane was also deafening. We seen the plane land at Peoria airport. The object ascended a couple hundred feet more. We thought it was going to take off but it stayed. We both said yep they see it and they are checking it out. 10 minutes later we see another huge plane( maybe the same one ) take off from the airport fly a ways away and circled the object. It didn't move at all we thought they were going to hit it. It really looked like the plane was circling a star. Then 10 minutes later another plane. This time when the plane circled the object. The object lit up the entire back half of the plane. It was absolutely frightening. We both thought it blew up the plane. Or maybe hit it. It was 10 pm or later and i know I seen the word delta on the plane. About 10 seconds after it lit the plane up. It disappeared. I don't recall any more incidences of that particular fashion. 
 As time went on though I would ALWAYS see lights coming out of the sky so bright it catches my eye looking straight ahead. Ten or so times I've seen ufos chasing planes or catching up to them and vearing off in another direction.
