{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1987-08-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548196","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"11890","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4499,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/196/mufon-5548196.json","updb_database_id":5548196}
I witnessed a very large tubular or cylindrical shaped object that stretched across the sky.

One evening during the middle of the summer me and my ex wife drove to the outskirts of Abilene and was sitting in the back of our pick up truck looking for falling stars. It was about 2:am and there was a full moon so the sky and surroundings were lit up like daytime. It wasn1t the best situation for viewing a meteor shower but we had nothing better to do at the time. And although we didn't see any falling stars we did see something else that has been etched in my mind ever since and something that I think about quite often.

We found a dirt road that was just off of the main highway. We were several miles outside of town and there was another man there with his two kids, they were parked maybe 100-200 feet away from us and I can.remember being able to see everything they were doing as if it was the middle of the day. They had a big telescope setup in the back of there pickup truck and apparently had the same idea that we did.

Although it was very bright out because of the moon, the horizon was black except for the glow coming from a town that was maybe 10-20 miles away. I remember looking at the sky in the direction of the town when I noticed the entire horizon started to slowly turn pitch black, even blacker than before. I remember thinking to myself why are the lights from the town disappearing from the ground up. The 1blackness1 kept getting larger (taller) and eventually completely blocked out the glow of the town in the distance. I remember asking my wife several times "what is it". I thought that it might have been a storm front moving in. I remember looking around the sky for other clouds and there wasn1t s single cloud in the sky. The sky was so bright that I could have seen a small bird flying hundreds of feet over my head. After 5 minutes or so I could see the lights from the town starting to appear again from the ground up. I could also still see what now looked like a black band stretching all the way across the sky. 

I stood there staring at this band as it moved towards us for at least 20 minutes, the closer it got the larger it appeared, and eventually it moved directly over us. When it "rolled" or gently "glided" overtop of us it was a perfect cylinder shape that stretched all the way across the sky to my left and to my right. The one thing that keeps popping into my head two decades later is that I remember saying to my wife even as this thing was right over top of us is "what is it". I could clearly see it, it directly overhead but I could figure out what I was looking it.

When directly overhead the color appeared to be a dark gray color. It has no markings, lights, sounds or anything that suggested that it was "man" made other than the perfect shape and uniformity of this thing which instantly convinced me that it was not a naturally occurring object. I also remember thinking that it has a "soft" appearance to it, maybe because it was tubular in shape and lighter than the black background of the sky. It gave me the impression of a pipe gently rolling across a perfectly smooth surface as it moved across the sky.

Ive only told some close family members about it and ive always told them that if this thing was 1000 feet over my head that it would have to had been 200 feet in circumference, and so long that I couldnt see the ends of it, and if it was much higher than that, then the size would have been even larger.

Well that1s my story. It is true and I just wish that I could not only convey what I saw but also share the feelings that were/are connected to the experience. I can say with 100% certainty that what I saw was not a naturally occurring phenomena or even remotely similar to anything that ive ever seen before or since. But what I cant say with any certainty is whether or not it was military related
