{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-06-20 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492196","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67352","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3763,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/196/mufon-5492196.json","updb_database_id":5492196}
{jpg} craft slowly went overhead, stopped at water, we went down to it, missing time fear,sound, craft shot into sky

my sister and I and 4 other friends were sitting on a hill at Coindre hall in Huntington NY. When all of a sudden we notices a very large craft flying overhead silently and slowly with a cloud or something under it hiding it from view. However, I do seam to remember seeing a black object above the cloud. The object stopped when it got over Huntington harbor at the opening to Huntington bay. We then ran down the hill after it and stopped at the end of the dock near the boat house. I remember someone started yelling take me take me. The dock is about 100 ft or so long and we were at the end. We all stood there not talking or moving at all. We were all just staring at the object. The object now had white light columns that seamed to shine down around the perimeter of the object. In the center was a black hole that had a white beam of light that would shine down on the land scan around and go back up. All around the black hole center radiating out to the column lights was a gas or electricity that was in the clouds or mist that was under the craft. The radiating gas or electricity was colorful and not like anything I have ever seen. There was also a humming noise in the background. Every time the beam of light would come down it would scan around and then retract back up into the black hole in the bottom center of the craft. The beam of light did not act like light as we know it. It would come down as if it had an end to it not like light that would keep shining until it hit a solid object. It would descend down scan around and then retract back up getting closer and closer to us every time it came down. I remember thinking that the beam was getting close and feeling a fear come over me. I thought its getting really close now. Then all of a sudden it felt as if I had just awoken from a dream, the beam was gone, I columns were gone the sound was getting lower. everything was getting farther up into the sky when the object just took off at a tremendous speed straight up into space. I felt a gust of worm wind in my face followed by wind from behind and it was gone. We all looked around at each other and said things like omg did you just see that, what was that, in tired, what time is it etc, etc. I remember the whole event felt as if it was only about 15 minutes or so. However, it was 3:00am. Although the event only felt like 15 minutes it had actually been 4 hours. 

A few days after the event happened I remember having a dream that I was in a craft looking out a window at an assortment of different looking crafts. I remember that they all looked very different from each other and not like any craft I have ever seen. 

 I have always wanted to get hypnosis to try to see what actually happened during those hours that felt like minutes. However, I don't know if I really do want to know what happened. Maybe its something that I will not want to remember. However, I have been getting more curious lately.
