{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-31 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525196","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30585","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2509,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/196/mufon-5525196.json","updb_database_id":5525196}
Bright start like object emiting green, red blue and yellow lights

I was sitting on my dock around 10:30 pm on Sunday July 31st. 2011. The night was clear and the stars were shining on the sky. I sat on my reclining chair and looked at the north west sky, when I saw an unusual very bright star. I observed it for a few minutes amazed at the white bright color and what appear to be a few sparkles of yellow, and red and blue/green reflecting from it. 
I told my husband Robert, I will go over to the house to get the binoculars. I tried to look at it with them, but my hands were shaking, and could not get a clear and firm view of it.
That is when Robert, suggested I was better looking at it with a 20 power spotting scope he has for target shooting, I placed the scope on a cart table he brought to the dock, and once the scope was secure on it ,we had a great view of the star/object.
It was what appear to be a circular object with pulsating and changing lights in yellow, blue and green colors as well as white. The center appear to be blinking in red at all times. I was so fascinated with it that I could not get my eyes of it. We observed the object going up and down on the night sky, and turning quickly to the right and left, and making really tight circles. At some point I spotted a small white circle on the side of the object that appear to go in or out. I also saw at one point a beam of light going straight up to the sky. This when on for almost three hours.
We came back to the house that sit atop the hill around 1:30 pm and watch it from there. My husband finally called me to bed, so I when in the house, brushed my teeth, and got in bed. My curiosity still alive, prompted me out of bed 10 minutes later to go look at it again. When I went down the stairs and go close to the big family room window I saw that it was gone. Now I wish I just had stay still until it disappear in front of my eyes.
