{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-20 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519196","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37745","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3014,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/196/mufon-5519196.json","updb_database_id":5519196}
triangle or chevron shaped, three dim red-orange lights on coners, no noise, straight flight path E to W, visable 10-15 sec

Me and a friend went out to the garage (garage not attatched to house) for a smoke, after our smokes we left the garage. I was the first out of the garage, when my friend came out off the garage he turned to lock the padlock on the door. I turned towards him while I waited (he was haveing trouble with the lock, it was dark and the lock takes a bit of effort in general), i always like to look at the clowds and night sky so i looked up, no bright lights or noise made me look up, i was facing North, it took me a few seconds to notice the three dim, red-orange lights in a triangle moving in a straight path across the sky East to West (maybe SE to NW if so, only slightly). It probably would have been flying over trees, and/or river, and/or over a bridge or power lines so theres no way it was being towed by something from the ground. It was very hard to tell how far away it was, if it was close it made no noise, if it was at a high altitude it was very large (im leaning closer towards close,small, and noiseless, if thats the case id have to guess i was under a kilometer away horizontally). It was a clear night with no clouds, i could see there was a body of some sort because it coverd stars as it passed them. It looked very much like this image i found on the internet (did google image search) [link removed/cms/tg] 
but the lights i saw were dimmer and more red. It travled at a costant and quite fast pace, at least a kilometer in under 20 seconds.

We do have a small airport North East of the city (our only airport, we are a small city roughly 35,000 people). But i havve seen many planes in the sky at night landing and taking off from the airport at night. The apparent alltitude and angle i saw the UFO travling relative the the airport just doesnt add up if someone were to say it was just air traffic.

Im pretty much a sceptic when it comes to videos and images of UFOs (lol look at what hollywood can do), but this is, as far as im concerned undeniable. I didn't get to see it for an extended time but, its nothing i have ever seen before (first hand). My friend who was locking the door got a brief look at it before it faded from sight, he says he thinks it was a bird (A bird in the middle of the night that glows, F**K that!!) so i do have another witness but hes dumb.
