{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-28 03:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527196","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28442","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2545,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/196/mufon-5527196.json","updb_database_id":5527196}
Three glowing lights, red light in center

I just so happened to get up when I never do, and go out to smoke. I don't normally get up at that time, but my dog that was sleeping on my legs made me hot. I am a professional worker that generally does NOT believe in this stuff. I just went out to my garage. I was looking at how clear the sky was, and just looking at the stars, as I love stars. Strangely, I noticed some flashing lights. I might be looking at an airplane. After staring several minutes at the object...I noticed an orange light in the center, then...several whitish lights that seem to show and fade at the same time (if that makes any sense). It wasn't until I saw the object move that I became frightened, in fact...shaking. You know...when that visceral moment that you know it's something your brain can't handle that you become afraid...I experienced that.  I watched the object and it appeared that it had glowing lights coming out from the triangle of lights sort of coming/shooting out from it (I'm a visual person...so it's hard to explain) and the way it MOVED. It moved from right to left in a nano second (exaggeration, i'm sure), and up and down in that same, instant of a move. I have NEVER seen an airplane or helicopter move that way. 

I am a professional, that finds entertainment in this stuff, but I was literally afraid. So afraid, in fact, that I woke my husband up and he thought a burglar had come into our house. I told him what was happening, and he came out and verified that he saw the flashing lights, though they had moved further away. He verified he saw what i was looking at, so that made em feel better that I was not sleepwalking, given the fear that I felt. He then went in and I stayed out watching the lights. They seemed to be further away, yet fading. I feel like I'm nuts writing this in here still, but I know what I saw was BIZZARE, and not normal. Maybe it is explained, but it was frightening to me.
