{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-08-28 20:56:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466196","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94526","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3044,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/196/mufon-5466196.json","updb_database_id":5466196}
{td} UFOs in Norfolk, NE August 28, 2018 at 8:56 PM CST

I was driving south on US81 just past Benjamin Ave in Norfolk, NE when I saw approximately 10 glowing orange orbs near a cemetery to the west. I would estimate they were about 100 ft in the air and I thought they were fancy balloons, or those lantern fireworks. As I got closer, they were clearly moving albeit not too quickly. My rational mind thought they must be drones and I decided to drive right under them to take a look as they weren't too high and appeared to be just a few blocks away. At that point they clearly started moving to the south. I tried to take a few pictures while driving but they were terrible. I pulled off on to a side street to get better pictures. By this point they were farther away but not moving rapidly. I took 2 pictures and then tried to film a video before they flew out of sight. Somebody started to pull into the street so I had to move to the side. The video is disappointing. However, when I slow down the images at the end before they disappear you can see them shoot up far into the sky rapidly.

In reviewing the images, I noted the faint blue light in the last two pictures. Interestingly, similar pictures from Philadelphia (UFO boomerang) and the Phoenix lights (over 20 years ago) in the sky have the same faint blue light off to the side.

Some points that set this apart for me at least: 1) On the video at 19-20s the objects rapidly gain elevation and fly to the south out of sight. This is also how I witnessed it in person. It was shocking to me how fast and smoothly they moved out of sight. 2) The faint blue is weird to me. I did not notice this in person. They all looked orangish. As I was trying to explain what I saw and searched on the internet I noted that several of the light incidents in the sky (Philadelphia and the Phoenix lights) also had this faint blue light slightly afar from the main set of lights.
