{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-06 19:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286196","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117191","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2850,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/196/mufon-5286196.json","updb_database_id":5286196}
U.A.P. Sighting in West Milford NJ August 6th: 7:35-7:38 p.m.

My wife and I pulled in the parking lot of the West Milford NJ Shoprite at 7:35 p.m. I opened the back hatch of our Ford C-Max to grab shopping bags when I looked into the sky and noticed a flying tic tac object in the sky. Upon closer inspection, I noticed there were a total of three tic tac objects flying in the formation of a triangle. The objects were white.

There were not many people in the parking lot, and I did not notice any customers pointing to the objects or sky, but my wife confirmed what I saw in the sky.

I pointed out the objects to my wife. We watched them, approximately for 30 seconds, moving in a Southwest direction from West Milford towards Newfoundland NJ, when the one object disappeared.  The object that behind the leading object moved from a 45 degree angle of the triangle formation and moved behind the leading object. The distance between them was approximately 500 yards, or the length of five football fields.

I told my wife, get out your cell phone and take some pictures. The first picture was taken at 7:37 pm. Two pictures were taken, but the object looks blurry, and circular, not in the tic tac shape it looked like in real time.

The objects moved in a leisurely speed.  The tic tac following the lead tic tac, began emitting a mist into the air. It looked similar to the 2014 video taken by the Chilean Navy near Santiago Chile of a UFO emitting some type of gas or liquid.

As the objects were moving towards Newfoundland NJ, what looked like a two seater airplane, similar to a Piper Cub, flew in between the two objects. There could be a pilot or co-pilot who has pictures and/or video of these tick tac UFO's.

West Milford does have a small airport where many of the planes are two-seater planes. The airport is next to where Jungle Habitat use to exist.

My wife and I testify before God, this is what we witnessed this day. This is the first U.A.P. I have witnessed in my 55 years of life.
