{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-02-04 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460196","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101106","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2988,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/196/mufon-5460196.json","updb_database_id":5460196}
{cak} Foil Billboard

I was driving in Macon, GA when I heard the afterburners of a jet kick in overhead and to the south. It was a military jet that was moving from Macon towards RAFB about 20 miles away. The roar of the jet engines made me look up from the road and in the background behind the jet I saw what appeared to be a rectangle shaped object that was the shape of a billboard.  I saw it at an angle. It looked completely parallel to the ground. As I glanced back at the road for just a few seconds, it seemed to take a few seconds for me to comprehend how unusual it was for a billboard to be hanging in the sky so I concentrated like my life depended on it and can see it clearly in my minds eye even now. When I glanced at it again it looked as if it were a huge rectangle of gold foil reflecting the sun that was behind me. I was only able to glance at it two or three more times as I glanced ahead at the road to look for a place to pull over. A few seconds later when I looked to the sky, it had changed shape to resemble that of a tractor trailer container, but it seemed stationary and was still perfectly parallel to the ground. Also the surface seemed to swim with gold and other orange and yellow colors. I glanced back at the road and when I looked at the same spot, the shape had changed in dimension , as best I can described to the shape of a USB port. I concentrated on the "reflection" that last time and, Instead of looking like a reflection of the sun, it looked like the light source was coming from behind the object. Each time I looked, the width appeared to stay the same, it just kept getting smaller from top to bottom. A few seconds later when I glanced back up, it was gone. I could never see any depth to it. It was like a thin sheet of gold foil hanging in the air, but as close as I could tell, never changed position. I could never look at it long enough to see any change of the size from top to bottom, but I surmised that it may have been closing as I glanced back at the road. It couldn't have been a reflection from the windshield, because it remained fixed in the sky as I drove around a slight curve. That's why I could never look at it for very long at a time. I wish I had slammed on the brakes and got out, but the whole event was over in a matter of 20 to 30 seconds. But I will never forget the few slices of time that I was able to see it.
