{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505196","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53669","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2581,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/196/mufon-5505196.json","updb_database_id":5505196}
{rjl} Just a humming sound and movement

In 2010 After leaving my younger sister Nancy1s home in Cibolo, Texas, I decided I wanted to move to Colorado Springs where I had met a lady on a dating website that said I could stay at her home while she was out checking on other homes she owned in other states. We never met, but I did stay at her house for only two weeks when I had booked a room on Fort Carson Army base before an apartment I had applied for would be ready for me to move in. While walking around Fort Carson, I was amazed the mountain where NORAD was and I started to take pictures on the mountain. Later that night, I started feeling loud sounds, movement around me and pressing also around me from all around my body. No matter where I went on that the base, in my car that I had just purchased, the church where I tried to get help and even the Memorial Hospital in Colorado Springs later that same week. This disturbance was still hanging around me. When I finally moved into my own apartment, I still had this disturbance around me and was still with me everywhere I went. I came to the point that every weekend I would have to call 911 because I was losing my breath, feeling pressure around me and shacking nervously. This occurred for three weeks where every time I had first been taken to the Memorial Hospital, then the Penrose-St. Francis Hospital & Health Services and was then put into psychic iatric wards at each of these hospitals.  It was on the third when I called 911, I was sent to the Memorial Hospital again, and them they sent me to the Denver VA psychiatric ward before and stayed there for 48 hours before they had to release me. Then I decided to call my younger sister in Cibolo, Texas to allow me to come back and live with her and her family until I could recover. At this day, these disturbances are still with me and I had tired, and I MEAN TRIED to get it away with no success whatsoever. I really need help with this disturbing situation.
