{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-09-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285196","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118215","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2537,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/196/mufon-5285196.json","updb_database_id":5285196}
Strange mass that looked like heat rising but not hot

In the mid 1990s I was with a church group with scouts when I was about 14 years old. We went on a hike in Southern Utah to see an arch. I remember when we finally got to the arch I wasn’t too impressed, it wasn’t a through arch but looked like the start of a small cave high up in the red rock face. On the way back to the cars I found myself alone and it was strangely quiet, too quiet. I couldn’t hear anyone in front of or behind me. Up ahead just to the left of the trail I saw a large mass of what looked like heat rising in the air but it somehow looked different and unusual. As I approached it I couldn’t make out where it began or ended. It had a dizzying effect looking at it but I could still mostly see through it. I looked around and it was only in this one spot. So I thought it wasn’t a problem with my vision. I was curious and wanted to touch it or even walk to it, it seemed to be only feet away, but something in my mind said you are in great danger and to keep moving! I had that feeling like when you hair stands up on the back of your neck. I also had the specific thought that if I went through it I would be forever lost. I really don’t know what it was other than it wasn’t normal. I did not feel any heat from the area and the weather wasn’t too hot. I tried to pretend like everything was fine and just calmly walk on even though everything in my body said to run.
After about 40 feet past the object I sped up and caught up with the group relieved I was no longer alone. Everyone was talking and having fun. I asked a few guys if they saw anything unusual on the trail and they just looked at me like they had no idea what I was talking about, that was pretty disappointing. I thought for sure they had noticed it too. As we continued walking I just thought to myself I should never return to that place. Thankfully, I have never seen anything like it since.
