{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-18 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501861","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57166","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3184,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/861/mufon-5501861.json","updb_database_id":5501861}
{dr}Two Bright Orange Lights at Treetops Over Murrieta, CA, June 18, 2014

I was sitting on my sofa watching television around 10:30 p.m. I have an approximate 100 degree view outside my living room window and sit on top of a knoll in Murrieta, CA. I happened to look out the window and noticed a very bright orange light just above the tree line and over the distant hills (SW from my home). At first I thought it must be an airplane that was coming directly at me because the light was getting brighter. But the longer I watched it the more I realized that it wasn't moving. It was just hovering in place. 

At that point, I jumped up and got my binoculars and began to watch it. What looked like a solid, bright orange light with the naked eye looked like a spider web of orange light when magnified. It changed shape several times . . . became larger and more web like, smaller and flattened and surrounded by a halo. At times, there seemed to be a solid vertical bar of light running down the middle with web-like lighting to the sides of the vertical bar. Twice, it just disappeared (poof, gone . . . to reappear almost instantly)and then it reappeared and there were two, one hovering above the other. 

During my 30 minutes of observation, two lights appeared twice with one disappearing each time and leaving one. They did not move (dart across the sky; did not appear to be leaving a trail; made no sound). I went outside with my binoculars twice to look at it (them) and moved to various windows within my home to observe. 

I also got on the internet to see if anyone else was observing with me and, so far, have not found anything on the net that mirrors my experience on June 18, 2014. But I did find several similar sightings in the area over the past four years.

I'm new to the area (been living here two months) so I'm not well acquainted with the geographical locations around me. I do know that Camp Pendleton is south and west of where I live and this sighting could have been some type of night maneuvers. I've also been told that there are night parachute jumps at times. However, these lights did not descend and behaved quite abnormally . . . which is why I've found this site and am reporting it. (Sorry that I did not take any photos.) 

Finally, at almost exactly 11 p.m., the last light, poof, disappeared and never returned. I checked periodically until after midnight. Just weird! :-)

I see I can attach a drawing. Here it is!
