{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-29 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481861","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78115","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3746,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/861/mufon-5481861.json","updb_database_id":5481861}
{dr}Large Bright/firey Object

I was in the process of going to bed,(turning off the television, lights, etc) when the dog came downstairs and appeared to want out. I checked the clock and saw that it was 11pm. I took the dog out side and immediately noticed a large bright (red/orange) object in the sky diagonal from where I was standing. 

The object was so bright and large, that my first thoughts were that a small aircraft was on fire and possibly in the process of crashing. I yelled for the dog to come inside fearing it was a crash in process. 

Within a few second or so, I noticed that there was no sound and the object seemed to move slow at a steady pace, which was a relief that it wasn't a craft on fire. The night sky was cloudy but rather clear and I could see the bright colours and that there were clouds above the object easily. 

I was confused as to what the object was and wanted to get a picture, but figured that by the time I got my phone, the object would be gone, so I decided to watch the object for as long as I could. 

The object continued the diagonal path over a large housing plan and across the road. As it got closer to my location I saw that there was no tail or after-burn, and that the bright lights were steady and didn't pulse. I also noticed that there was no noise at all. 

The object moved slowly and smoothly as if on glass or a calm body of water. I saw clouds above the object but had no real idea on its height from the ground. Since there was so much light around the object, I was unsure of it's shape, but thought it was a bit like a fin (more vertical). I thought of this because as the object moved closer to me(more to my front, but still as high as it was in the sky) I saw it from the side (sort of), and the lights looked taller and skinnier. So I guessed that the object must be tall and flat and not circular and fat. 

As the object passed to my front, I looked for the dog and he was by my side sitting quietly. The object moved over my house and as I looked to its rear I noticed that it seemed smaller than the front. The object moved over the trees and then out of view. 

Not once was there any noise coming from the object. I stayed outside for a while and heard nothing. Several planes fly overhead in my area and I've always heard an engine of sorts. After I went inside, I looked at the clock and saw that about five minutes passed. 

I was very alert at this time and wasn't sure what I saw. I kept looking out the windows and around 11:30pm I heard a large aircraft. I looked out my front door and saw that this was indeed an aircraft, and that it was big, made a nice loud noise and flew over my house almost along the same path as the object.

I thought perhaps it was a drone, or maybe some other small aircraft, but than thought that it didn't seem either of these would be out at night or that bright. I have no idea if this was an object or space junk or even some sort of optical illusion, but I wanted to see if anyone else saw anything like it, and figured that this organization would not immediate dismiss the sighting and may have more information.
