{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-07-24 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457861","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103695","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2892,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/861/mufon-5457861.json","updb_database_id":5457861}
{tjd} Unexplained

During the summer of 2002 while at Lake Kemp Texas myself and one other witness observed an unknown craft. Just before sundown while on a friends deck that looks due north I witnessed a round hexagonal craft hovering above the water approx. 250ft out and 100ft above the water. The craft was approx. 50ft. in diameter with a whole in the middle approx. 25ft. kind of donut like. The craft was round but Hexagonal Like if you took a piece of hexagon tubing and bent into a circle and welded it together. The only reason I spotted It was because the way the sun was going down it reflected orange light off of the chrome/mirror like surface. I pointed the craft out to a female friend who exclaimed. "oh my god, WHAT IS THAT". we looked at it for a few minutes, then looked at each other, and without sound when we looked back it was gone. Or possible raised in altitude so it wasnt visibly reflecting the sunlight.
The only reason I am compelled to send this is because of recent unexplained wakes seen at the same lake. Sometime in June of this year myself my wife and brother and sister in law were traveling near the damn from another colony of the lake back to our cabin when my sister in law said whats that wake from, no other boats were near by to cause a rolling wake, one you see like when a submarine comes up out of the water. this happened around 6pm in 50ft deep water approx 100ft from nearest land. A couple months later near the sight of the object my wife, kids, and I witnessed another unexplainable wake around 10am like a large object was moving below the surface , only it was stationary 50ft from the nearest land in 30ft deep water and we were the only boat on the water. When telling my father what we had seen after the first wake he told two very interesting stories of a similar unexplainable nature that happened in the early 1980's on a complete opposite area of the same lake. Something strange is happening at my Lake, I take this very serious any info would be nice. I do know altus AFB and Sheppard AFB are about 50-70 miles away and do training maneuvers over airspace sometimes. and Fort sill army base is 1.5hrs away. These instances defy any known military craft I am aware of. 
                                   [Item moved to FI report {tjd} ]
