{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-31 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495861","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63561","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2955,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/861/mufon-5495861.json","updb_database_id":5495861}
{rjl} A dim circular light appeared(like someone throwing a light switch) in the night sky in front of the tree across the street descended straight down and disappeared by fading out.

I have a title to this account of my story: A UFO as the planchette and the sky as a magical message board indicator. A couple of invention ideas, personal difficulties, and a personal note about disclosure surrounds this event. It was January 31, 2015 about 7:30 pm Eastern time. While I was lying in bed seriously contemplating moving out of the group home where I live I was looking out of my bedroom window hoping to see something, a sign in the form of a UFO. I saw a distant plane go by and thought well that's just a plane. And I was thinking just close my eyes and go to sleep but I didn't and in about 2 minutes after this thought a dim circular light appeared in the night sky in front of the tree across the street descended straight down stopped and then disappeared by fading out. This downward motion and dim light indicated two things to me. One down with the idea of moving out and second that this idea was a dim idea to begin with.I usually get my messages from the psychic circle but this night was special. This UFO was communicating to me in the same way that my invention idea would have UFOs communicating to people out there at Area 51 if they purchased my invention idea StarDust a non terrestrial magical message board indicator. I have a special symbol that I want to place on the planchette of StarDust which looks like a star a toy spinning top and a tornado all in one. This symbol originates from the lines of the palm of my right hand. I consulted the psychic circle about this dim circular light and its reply was as usual Far, Old, Near, and Wait other. After about ten years of the psychic circle indicating wait other I finally know who this other person is. I am still waiting(I have been hung out to dry so to speak while I wait) but this person has informed me in the past at the old group home that when we get moved into the new group home things would start getting ten times better for me and they have.

I also had a precognitive dream about the February first 2003 Columbia tragedy with a UFO included in the dream and an actual synchronicity ufo sighting about a week after the dream something said go and look and I saw a ufo.
