{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-09-17 22:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291861","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111469","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2705,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/861/mufon-5291861.json","updb_database_id":5291861}
Bright Orange Fireball Over Reservoir

I was driving home with my daughter and her boyfriend, we were coming from Ashby and heading to Repton. It was around 10:30pm so it was dark and when we got to the road that runs past foremark reservoir we noticed a really bright light through the trees. We pulled into a layby at the side of the road because the reservoir carpark is closed at night. From the layby we could all see this orange light and thought it was a large fire.

I keep a torch in the boot of my car so grabbed that and walked through a short woodland path to the reservoir waterside car park. Above the water was an incredibly bright orange ball. From the distance we were stood it appeared to be the size of a golf ball in the sky, but I could tell from the reflection on the water that it was much bigger up close. My daughter was very scared and tried to livestream the light on facebook but her mobile phone would not turn on. Myself and Daniel, my daughters boyfriend, also tried to record the light but the cameras on our phones would not work. My phone kept saying it was overheating and could not open the camera. We watched as the light got brighter and some smaller balls of light fell from the bottom of it and into the water. We could see the smaller balls of light moving around below the surface of the water for a minute or two before returning to the main light that was still in the air.

Once the small lights had returned to the big light it started to slowly move towards the east. The light descended into the trees near the reservoir and settled for a few seconds. As we all agreed to get closer and see what it was, the light flew into the air rapdily. About 300 feet in a second. Then rapidly flew in a straight line to the south and out of sight.

We got back to my car in the layby feeling very shook up and found that the engine would not start. It took a good minute or so of trying the ignition for the engine to finally kick in. All three of us have been left feeling very uneasy about the whole event and I now refuse to drive down that road at night in case it comes back.
