{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-07-07 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493861","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65641","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3101,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/861/mufon-5493861.json","updb_database_id":5493861}
Strange occurances with inter dimensional beings

This event started in July of 200ted 5 years. I was at a low point in my life. I am a Kung Fu Master and Zen adept. July 6th I got fed up and challenged the powers and principalities. I was literally sick of the "Man". Al Gore was hosting his concert the next night him a letter that I automatic wrote. It arrived the next morning at 9 am confirmed by the agency I hired to air deliver it. I was watching TV on the 7th and took out some information a friend sent me my computer it was web stuff about Billy Meier. I was intrigued and when he was given a golden delicious apple from the aliens that stuck with me for some reason. Anyway I was watching this material and it showed a female alien. All of a sudden my TV goes weird showing clips of the past, rocket launches and pictures of space. Then I get this impression to go to Earl Bales Park near my place. So I went these impressions led me to signs that led me to three trees exactly laid out like Orion's Belt. Anyway I keep going and I see a Black Man on top of this hill. I knew I was to meet him. So I waved and walked up the hill he met me half way. He says to me " Have you seen a Bitch and her pups around here?" I knew this was a reference to Sirius the Dogstar that Orion's Belt points toward. I answered" No." then we circled each other top pass and the chi was thick. It felt like a fight was coming. I keep walking then he shouts at me " The Law will remain the same!" This surprised me how did he know what was in the letter plus what I viewed before meeting him. I answered " We'll see." Then he started to take his jacket of and challenged me to a fight. I didn't want to hurt him so I said " Peace." Then he got on his cell walked away cursing me. I reached the top of the hill and there's people of all nationalities I said " What his problem" No one spoke English though. Then I see this old woman with a child and she smiled at me so walk up and smile without saying a word she offers me a golden delicious apple. The Secret Service announced themselves a different day. This was the beginning of 5 years of seeing mind control, having telepathy used on me, stars taking right turns in the sky when I was told to look up. From my experience there is no God or Satan, Angels and Demons but inter dimensional beings that play those roles. There is so much more but that is enough for now. I have kept this a secret since 2010. I watch your show all the time and chose you to share with.
