{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-08 23:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502861","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56126","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2904,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/861/mufon-5502861.json","updb_database_id":5502861}
{nd} V formation of 9-10 silent non-lit but reflecting objects seen moving south over Culver City at a high rate of speed

I walked outside of my 2nd story apartment about 11:12 pm to collect my laundry, as I got to the bottom of the steps I noticed what appeared to be a silent convoy of about 9 to 10 ships about 800 to 1000 feet (estimated) passing by overhead, completely silent and in a perfect V formation with one ship in the front. The objects had no lights on but appeared to be a very light brown/gold/copper in color with what seemed to be a reflective glow around each of them. At first I thought they might be birds- but in the short seconds I caught them flying overhead, I noticed one seemed to disappear then reappear, and I also noticed that one or two of them flipped themselves around once in a circle while still staying in the formation. Also the crafts appeared very defined- It was difficult to make out a definitive shape, but I was able to make out that they were some kind of vessels with lines indicating either beveled edges or some kind of pattern. I would estimate they were moving at a speed of about 150 miles an hour or more, It's hard to estimate exactly but they were moving extremely fast. I had dropped my laundry to try and follow them and saw that they were heading south towards Inglewood/South Central. By the time I pulled out my phone to video it, it was too late and the objects were headed over the horizon past my line of sight. A neighbor was outside asking how I was doing and I told him what I had just seen and he laughed as if I was insane. I don't know if it's related, but my phone froze when I got inside and tried to call/message people. About a minute later, a helicopter flew south overhead in the same direction- there was no way it would've been able to catch them though.

After, I was in a state of disbelief and a little ticked off at myself that I wasn't able to get more details and make a film of it in time. It happened so fast that the only way anyone else would've seen it was if they happened to look up at just the right time. I feel that the total silence and absence of any noise, along with the reflecting surface and perfect motion I witnessed from the objects indicates it may be something we humans would not be capable of making....
