{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524861","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30949","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2790,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/861/mufon-5524861.json","updb_database_id":5524861}
Metallic like cigar shape traveled south of orange ca at a constant speed for 15 seconds then disappeared

Metallic like cigar object what appears to have some shining metallic look to it. Object traveled south of orange ca at a constant speed for 15 seconds or so and then disappeared from sight. Object was moving in a straight line. 

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?
Saw a Metallic like cigar shape object from my car (front window) while I was traveling south on Tustin Ave in Orange CA.

2. What made you first notice the object?
Noticed the object in the sky while I was at a stop light off of Tustin Ave because it has a shining or has glittering metallic look to it. Seemed a bit odd since it look like a stick or cigar shape object that was moving at a constant speed but quite fast considering how far away it was. It left no smoke trail and doesn't appear to have any wings. The object looks out of place. I usually see airplanes flying across the sky in this area since we're near John Wayne airport, so I can tell this object looks different. I also know it's not a jet since I know what jets look like because I used to see them all the time because I grew up in San Diego near the Mira Mar air base.

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?
I didn't think much, just thought it was weird since it has a shiny look to it. I guess I wondering how come it traveled pretty fast for it being far away.

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.
Object appears to be moving at a constant speed traveling in a straight line. It appears to have a shiny metallic look, but I can tell the shape looks like a cigar.

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.
Thought it was a weird looking object, it seemed very long for being an airplane. I kept staring at it just cause it looked out of place. Object then vanished after about 15 seconds that I noticed it traveling at a constant speed and in a straight line.

6. How did you lose sight of the object?
It disappeared from sight, I stuck my head out of the car to make sure where it go and could not see it anymore.
