{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-09 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496861","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62517","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3096,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/861/mufon-5496861.json","updb_database_id":5496861}
{nd} I was in my car at night on way home. Noticed slow moving octagon shape craft moving above homes to my direct left. I stopped the car, did not get out. Rolled window down to hear it. There was no noise. Craft was black and around 20-30 ft around.

I drove from a friend's home at about 8PM in I believe January or February of 2014 on Thornhill St., in Sun City, Ca. I noticed a strange octagonal shapeded object moving very slowly, around 11-15 MPH above the roofs of the houses on the left side of the street. I was stunned, as I had never seen this before and thought it might be a helicopter, or a new aircraft, but as I stopped the car and rolled the window down to get a better look, it was neither one of these, and no propellers or wings.There was NO sound at all. It just moved very very slowly, almost hovering, which was weird to me because I knew our aircrafts do not move that slow in a straight path. Marsh Air Force base is several miles away, and I also took that into consideration. The shape was strange to me. I counted the points of the shape, which was eight. it was dark out, but there were lights surrounding the craft in white, yellow red and orange. The lights did not project from the craft to the street or houses, but seemed to be stationary and quite bright . The craft looked like a kind of high tech toy like LEGOS, but smooth all around and dark gray or black.
I started to move my car to leave, but was too curious about this, and turned my car around a half block down and went back to the location to get another look, and within seconds, the craft was already gone. The experience left me startled, and emotional. I have a yearning to share with people but I know they are skeptical. I am open to the possibilities because I have followed MUFON for years and watch the History Chanel. My husband had an experience as a teenager when he saw a ball of light that came very close to him in the late 1970's, hovered for about a minute 20 feet away, and then completely disappeared. He lived in Anaheim Hills, Ca. It happened around 9 PM and at that time the area was fairly rural with new housing developments happening. He was sitting on the curb and he had never forgotten about that and the brightest light ball he's ever seen. Still unexplainable.
