{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-07-04 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288689","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114674","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4100,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/689/mufon-5288689.json","updb_database_id":5288689}
This is my close encounter of the first kind experience

.What I am about to tell will seem too “out there” to believe, especially once you understand the circumstances surrounding the sighting. I’ve held on to this for 40 years and hardly shared with anyone because it seems so far-fetched. Unbelievable even. But I believe I experienced it. This event has stayed in the back of my mind ever since and I can still visualize it as I write this.

My sighting happened on the 4th of July, but I am not sure if it was 1980, 81 or 82. The Beach Boys had performed concerts on the Mall all 3 summers, 2 of which my friend Bruce and I attended. So either 80/81 or 81/82. We sat on the west lawn of the Washington Monument, watching the concert. We were not “partying” nor drinking any alcohol that day. I swear. Stone cold sober.

It was during the fireworks that evening when I saw “them.” I, like everyone else, was looking at the fireworks in the direction of the Lincoln Memorial. To my left planes take off and land at the (Reagan) National Airport, right across the Potomac, all the time. I happened to notice a plane, heading east along the river, coming in for a landing. I thought to myself that it must be cool to be on that plane and getting to see the fireworks from that vantage point. The plane disappeared behind the tree line along the reflecting pool. As I began to turn my attention back to the show I saw 2 UFOs appear from behind the tree line, to the left, near the Memorial. The crafts paused, hovered, then after just a few moments backed up and disappeared out of view. My thought was “they” also were checking out the fireworks but realized they didn’t want to draw attention. (This is what ran through my brain. It was the only way to rationalize what I saw.) I was frozen, could not do anything but stare and tried to figure out what just happened. Once I snapped out of it I remember looking around at the other spectators to see if anyone else was reacting to what I saw. But it did not seem so. No hordes of people running for their lives. I, myself, did not yell out or run. I just continued to watch the show, keeping it to myself, trying to comprehend what I saw.

Since that was 40 years ago, I don’t recall what I said to my friend Bruce afterwards. I do not remember if I spoke of it at all. Unfortunately, Bruce has since passed away so I cannot get any more info on that aspect. I only seem to recall the event itself (vividly) but nothing else. I mean I know I watched the concert, staying through to the fireworks and I also know I drove out of the city to home afterwards. Only because that’s obvious. No actual recollection. Just the sighting.

I do realize it must be a hard story to swallow, particularly under the circumstances. I mean, in front of thousands of people and I was the only one a witness to it? Was I hallucinating?

So, do with this what you will. I have to wonder if there was anyone who had the same experience, possibly have contacted you already. If so, I’d LOVE to know. It would ease my mind.

I am including actual photos of the concert on the mall to show about where we were sitting. The other photo is my rendition of exactly what I witnessed and where they were when I saw them.
