{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-31 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490689","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68888","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2744,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/689/mufon-5490689.json","updb_database_id":5490689}
{nd} three different objects within 15 minutes, East, west to east, and directly overhead to east

My son and I were sitting on four wheelers along a channel in the middle of the Platte River Friday 1-32-2015 around 10:00 to 10:30 pm. We were watching the storms around us to the east and west. the sky above us and around were clear. We were watching for meteorites as three separate showers were in effect that night. We had been seeing several green shooting stars and a lot of small flashes we assumed were small meteorites being destroyed hitting the atmosphere when the first object arose from a bank of clouds to the east. It appeared around the 10 degree mark and arose higher to around the 20 to 25 degree mark in the sky. It was flashing red and white very fast. We had seen these type of objects a lot this summer and it followed the normal pattern of the others. It rose straight up hovered for a couple minutes and then just blinked out.   Next a few minutes later after what I would say was a fireball in the huge storm to the west that was over Clarks Nebraska at the time,(I have a weather radar app on my phone, and my daughter was at an overnight party at a friends cabin south of Clarks), It lasted all of 1 to 2 seconds and so bright it was like looking at welding light and was gone. A couple minutes later a red orb or ball solid red not flashing arose from that storm bank and then traveled across the sky to the east till it winked out almost at the same point the first object did. Lastly about five minutes later there was a flash and this odd angel shaped thing appeared directly above us then it slowly moved to the east this time directly over the river. It seemed to float side to side enough to see the moves and kept going till it was out of sight. I would say it was not as high as a normal small plane. It resembled an Egyptian ankh or an angel in a way with light circles where the wings would have been and light tail like a bird. that's it weird I know never saw anything like that before. It was from our view point at arms length approximately 3/8 inch between fingers in size and at least 300 feet high to 1000 feet.
