{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-28 08:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510689","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47704","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2409,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/689/mufon-5510689.json","updb_database_id":5510689}
{dr}Object fluttering in sky over Flushing

I witnessed an object kind of just hovering and twisting in the sky, as it made its way North, not at a very fast pace. I was standing facing West when I first saw it. I remember thinking, as I looked up at the sky right before the sighting, that I was just about to witness something, and it happened! Almost as if on command. I could make out that it had some kind of shape to it, as it was reflecting the sun light as it fluttered and twisted in different directions. It then started to turn direction, again, slowly and heading NE. By this point I changed my position and was watching it ascend and then it went behind cloud cover. I should mention this sighting was witnessed by me and 3 other women that were on the street corner of 168th street and 45th drive. One whom is a school crossing guard. Both me and one other person took pics with our cellphone camera. I took a total of 4 photos with my phone. Upon closer inspection of the pics, it was weird because the object isnt in any of the images. It just isnt there. Anywhere. Almost like it didn't want to be photographed. Perhaps some kind of cloaking technology that doesnt allow documentation of its existence?

I should also mention that later today in the afternoon, just as I was about to pick up my kid from school, I lost an hour that I cannot account for. Im not the type to be late for picking up my son, and as I went to sit at the computer to check the weather I realized about 1 hour had passed and it I was beyond late heading out. This happened at about 2:26pm. Not sure if it has anything to do with the UFO I saw earlier. But I cant explain where that one hour went. I don't recall falling asleep. I cant help but wonder if I may have been taken during that lost time. I am very disturbed by this.
