{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-10 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498689","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60484","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2474,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/689/mufon-5498689.json","updb_database_id":5498689}
{nd} 2 objects hovering over the south side of the High Park Fire west of Fort Collins CO on the second night of the fire . Estimated time between 12 pm and 1 am.

The second night of the High Park fire in Fort Collins, CO estimated around 11:30pm-12:30am, I was out on my porch looking northwest where the smoke from the high park fire was. I seen one craft, I am guessing disc shaped, hovering over what appeared to be, the southern end of the fire. The craft hoovered for well over a minute. I seen a second craft not far from the first, but not two together. I seen the first craft slowely move before seeing a second craft in a different spot. I cannot say if there was only one or two because of the movement they make. It lasted approx. two minutes or less before disappearing. I spotted a same light off to the east momentarily after I lost sight of the western light. This happened over two years ago, I do not remember the details clearly, however I know what I seen and what it was. About 4 weeks later, something happened that confirmed to me...what I saw. A voluntary fire fighter showed me a photo of a burn area, just yards away from the forest burn area that they could not explain. The photo showed a perfectly rounded burn area that no forest fire could have created and he felt it was so strange that he took a picture of it. I broke down and told him of my sighting when I saw the photo. He had nothing more to share.
My reaction when I saw the UFO: I have always been hesitant to report any sightings because I am a private person and when you are told as a child in the 1960's, after you see a craft hoovering on top of your telephone pole, to keep a lid on it; no one talks about it! I have seen at least 10 UFO's in my lifetime but I love the night sky. It becomes a part of your knowledge. I decited it's time to take the lid off for more personal reasons.
