{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1984-01-01 20:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502689","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56313","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":33614,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/689/mufon-5502689.json","updb_database_id":5502689}
{cak} many events- were writing on MIB's? there was a ufo over house next door a lot

MIB's Men In Black They say they appear benevolent at 1st and then they turn evil. We used to call some MIB's on the phone- 2. Kids doing crank calls and on drugs. Folks just weren't around. We went to some aliens house and then the aliens had an MIB in disguise follow us or more than 1. There was one kept watching us. We moved and got on drugs and began making crank calls. Someone came over - we got them on the phone and asked them over. They would want to meet people by phone, too- although a girl in the class had her number and we were all in the same class in elementary school so it wasn't like meeting strangers on the phone or internet. We were school friends, but we got on the phone talking. So, we had met some people on the phone by friends giving numbers of other kids in their school. She wanted to get some guys on the phone and see who knew some guys to meet. A girl gave her a number to a boy on her street. She called and met him in person and it's meeting for sex. She had me crank calling while they did that and we laid by them on the floor and let people listen on the phone. Once we called an alien and left the phone there a long time and let them listen to them. The alien disguised himself as a female- both did that and there was people in background, too. She yelled about kids having sex on the phone the whole time we held the phone by them on the floor. Yelled about kids on drugs playing on the phone. We were realy calling aliens though on 2 of them phone numbers. MIB's- we know that's them because after calling we began to see MIB's at 2 houses which is where we were calling to. They appeared to us when we called them and they ran in like one did before downtown, too. That one though appeared like an alien and was sighted and reported a lot of times downtown in SanAntonio, TX in the 70's. That was an apartment building. They'd just run in and we never got to see them too good, but others did see them and reported them and told us about them. One person thought they were handsome looking men -2 of them MIB's who appeared like their real selves. They had dark beautiful hair she said and thick eyelashes and light skin so they were cute guys. Later she said look at that guy on tv- a star search type show from the early 80's and said he's a cutie. His hair's dark hair and dark eyelashes- handsome guy. He was a teenager or about 18 and had won a singing contest apparently. So he reminded her of them 2 guys she saw ducking into the houses we had called apparently. That must be the houses we called coz aliens appeared there. Someone told us they go to their house at night, but noone realy see's them there. I didn't see them even- they came over at night and we were drugged and the one that looks like an alien- another one probably- he abducted us. The guys would come over and hang out sometimes - not that often, but some and they later came to the new state we moved to, also. Anyways, she told us to lay by her and call numbers and let them listen to them. Later she said that's weird and why did she ever get a crazy idea like that! She said that many times. Yes, it's weird. So we were meeting guys on the phone and girls, too- or well the one girl gave her the number to the one guy. The one girl liked meeting people because kids at school only liked her coz she was popular. They may try to meet people who they feel like them for them and not their clothes and looks or whatever. So, we called random numbers and met a guy from the local high school on there. He came over and that's fine- we took some photos. He was a junior or something and we were freshmen. He lived over by the high school- the nearest one. He was into the Beach Boys band and fashion and lifestyle. 
I had been to some aliens house next door and then they had aliens following me. I said I'll prove I'm psychic and got the phone book and called a number and said it'd be that guy and it was. It worked and there was an alien out there, too who had followed us to the girl's grandparents house. they were out of town on vacation and we did that at their house in the living room when they weren't home. So, psychic stuff worked around the alien. That girl got the phone book- she seems to be possessed by a legion of demons because she acts just like the demoniac of Jordan. She talks about acting like him all the time and it's weird. also, she only wanted to meet a lot of guys and sew her wild oats. She'd always say- she wants to hang out at a graveyard, strip and have sex and cut words and initials in her arm with a sharp rock. Of course about half of all teenagers think that's cool now a days anyways. She got the phone book and found a number at random. It was local- her idea's to meet a guy for real. It was a local first 3 digits in the phone number. So she called and a man answered and he lived near there. He told her of phone sex- something that was new in big cities, but not out in Texas yet. She loved to talk like that on the phone. On the news came a report of a man meeting girls by phone in real life. It said there's a man who sayse his name is Ted who tries to meet girls on the phone- don't meet with him. That was on the news many times. He met one and killed her. It kept happening apparently- and the story was always- she said she was going to meet a man named Ted who she met on the phone for sex. He got the idea to make calls like that and meet and he was a serial killer. He was pretending to be like Ted Bundy. We think he was caught and executed in TX actually. He told us about his crimes and how he did a lot of it and all. He told us about crimes in other towns and stuff around there, but not out of state that we can remember. He wanted to have his name famous like Ted Bundy on tv. He was doing that to be famous and the press didn't put his name on tv because they know people will try to use them that way. He may have been from Canada origionally where they don't do things like that and that's why he came here. Canada doesn't do so much press sometimes for some reason. They think it encourages crime. He had tried to kidnap us once- that was before we moved and he recognized us. We met him a while after we lived there- maybe shortly before moving kinda to a new house near there. He told us stuff about Bundy. He liked to talk to the other girl dirty on the phone probably. He said he thought we weren't realy 18 and we were 14 or 15 so he was right. He told us about a college in Washington state. He told us of the woman he robbed and that she was real scared. Yes, we knew someone who was there when he robbed them and they told us the same thing- that she realy got scared that time when he robbed them. She had froze and then the other woman said give him the money and took her purse and gave him the money out of it. He did many robberies, too and killed many people in those. downtown at the riverwalk and they camp out to buy concert tickets in cars. Also, he raped a girl there in a teen club. I saw him run out of that place. It oddly reminded open even though after that noone went- it was the first day it opened and that happened. It's odd - but that's where the MIB's are and maybe that is one of them in there, too. 
It seems like the MIB's that I had called - the aliens had did something there. They got her to call him and it was almost like us being psychic calling that time. We were glad to move from there, there was also a crazy man there and another one, too. There were a lot of them actually. He maybe is the one who robbed the gas station down the street and so many cashiers there were shot they had to close the store. He didn't do that at first though- he just got money. It may have been him though who did that. Don't know if they knew he did all of that stuff or not. He watned to be famous and that was his way of doing it he said. He'd go by where we were on the weekend often. We never went out there. Bundy did that, too. Someone was out here doign that, too and I can see now there was someone else - they're not in the car- they come up behind them with a gun when they go to the car to see who's in it. The mafia's here now and they did that next door by a pay phone before lots. 
That dumb girl went out there to steal once and almost blew up the neighborhood coz she said she wished she had a lighter or match to see what was in there. she said something's in here and she said did I have one of those and she didn't either. she couldn't see what it was- I told her it wasn't anything. they work there I said but she thought they were rich and she kept saying and still sayse always that I'm rich- everyone sayse that because they see your house and think that, but they worked there. So she was out to steal and it was dynamite for the construction site in that trailer out there off the road. It'd have blown up the 2 blocks of houses that were there if she had stuck a match or lighter in there. 
Anyways, it seems the aliens did that. All from us calling them on the phone and then they had us to call Ted. Someone was warning us not to meet him. Someone said it's a guardian angel. It may have been a guardian demon or alien actually. They can pretend to be light angels. The aliens moved me in by them in the first place. News reports would tell when Ted began meeting people on the phone there. I have photos of stuff to recall dates, but it's difficult to remember it all, but the MIB's probably figured that all out from the beginning. They are sure smart, but they may turn bad. I know one did here, too. We suspect he lives at the big fancy house there in that area. It's one of them real expensive luxury homes. Like in Architectuaral digest type of homes- movie stars houses and famous people- Rockefeller's n' that crowd, royals are in that magazine, too. Since he seems to be so rich or something- someone told us he's a prince. They had tried to fix us up with that alien, but the CIA broke us up. And it was done over the phone, too now that we think about it. Those aliens used to call us and talk dirty on the phone here. We met the one, but he isn't an MIB- unless he appears that way. That girl that stupid girl she liked that guy, too. He was out there, too and she loved him. she'd see him, but we saw him, too and we met him. 
He called and we did what tv said- if they don't tell their name hang up on them and of course that would run off the normally standoffish alien away and it did. He has called us numerous times and hung up on us, too and even the ohter alien got mad at us for hanging up on him and they alien calls and appears to be copying him and hangs up on us. He also got mad and hung up- I dont know but we had feeling they were brainwashing us. He was round lots in different forms so we remembered him, but the MIB's are mostly not friendly or want to be bothered, so they're standoffish and put you off if you bother them talking dumb to them. One talked real friendly and very talkative seemed like when we had tried to talk to some of them. 
We hung up on the alien on one of his calls and he never called back again for trying to meet and be boyfriend- girlfriend like that. He may have called pretending to be someone else. He's called us here, but the calls had quit for the name he was calling us then. He said it wasn't cool to hang up on him and he quit calling. We had a party phone line and got many calls from an airport near there. There was a stalker calling us and a man answering stopped that. We had calls coming in for some airport nonsense- a man said in fake accents that he was told to call us about a job at the airport- the same one we had a party line to. That sounds weird. He tried to set up a meeting and we went there actually. There were a lot of people there and he asked if that was us on the phone- the fake name he called us by. The alien called us by a name very similar to real. He said we had talked dirty to him on the phone before- a few months before and it was longer than that but maybe seems like a few months only. The other alien who we were with then was trying to get us to leave him alone and meet someone else. So he told that alien to call us and the alien said he told the guy to call and that he was a prince and all. Aliens surely had the stalker calling us from a long time before that. Also not having shades on windows maybe had something to do with that. But, the one caller was trying to meet us and we thought he was the alien calling back and it wasn't. Aliens are stand offish and easy to scare them away and they won't come back. They seem easily offended. He called once pretending to be someone else must've been him. He was there apparently and told us about an incident that the other person never told the whole story to. They had cooked her pet pig for dinner teaching her animals are for food she'd always say. Oddly even about us and dogs she'd say that- we had no pig, but we probably pet the dog a lot and all. Cover them up and buying toys and treats and everything. When they'd leave at lunchtime we'd go cook or get the dog a treat and we had let the dog in the refrigerator. We showed the dog stuff and got something for it and then he began to try to get in the refrigerator when they'd open the door. They figured out that we were feeding the dog at lunchtime- bologne or a hotdog. anyways, yes sure they'd say that lots and aliens maybe got them to sometimes but they did that on their own once seems like well they copied someone who told them that. They called us talking on the dogs after telling us they didn't care about them once. We said you said you didn't care about that. Pretty dogs we had said- she said who cares about that- don't know if it was the illegal porno tape she had found or what. She thought we liked that stuff maybe- she had made many dirty jokes like that and she asked us about a tape- she thought it was ours and it wasn't. The men had that tape and they get it from the video store down the street n' all- the one guy worked there. They're not legal tapes like that and we didn't watch it. 
We definately gave the dogs a lot of attention and were some may say overly - wouldn't say overly too much but we would sleep by the dogs a lot. Once we took the dog to see sand and let it swim after the water was warm in a baby pool. We realy like dachshunds and greyhounds are related to them, too and seem real samrt, too. So they told us that animals are for food- the alien maybe had her saying that when they moved to the country even though- saying it more out there. But he knew all that he called pretending to be her on the phone and told us that story and we told it later and she said she didn't call and say that. She often sayse lies like that, but it maybe was an alien calling because we had tried to get her to stop callign and she wouldn't. She kept on and on and kept it going and so the alien maybe called me even pretending to be her. The phone calls were too much and she wasn't about to let me get out of her sight. The alien knew the calls were bad so maybe that was his way of calling us - maybe he possessed her then and called because the other alien had told him to call us. She got a weird call other day from aliens apparently - so maybe he called there for it to be his way of calling us some more. It was static on the line and a helicopter landed down the street- aliens apparently. They're doing it to freak us out and the usual stuff they been doing recently. she may have been possessed the whole time- probably -most ppl probably are these days- saying that stuff - least the male she got it from was realy mean n' all- they're racists probably. She's always said that she hates us and has always been at war with us and it is suppose to help satan take over the world and make it so bad jesus has to come back. so that doesn't sound too good. we were adopted and they hate us of course and always have. 
So, the MIB's - got us over to the aliens house and showed they can find numbers in teh phone book easily. calling MIB's. Aliens are always on phones and made a big deal showing us that, too. Aliens calling a lot. They're probably psychic and don't need phones. We got sick of phones actually. We can't answer ours here now anymore. If we picked up it seems the telemarketers would've gotten our new number on their lists again and the calls would begin. It is some kind of prank calls from the CIA apparently and the mafia. The mafia would call us when they had the number and have others call and it's weird coz how'd the business know when we got up the day before to call us at that time the next day. There'd be so many calls all day long- we tried to keep it secret, but people keep demanding phone numbers. We changed the number a million times and they demand to know it even though we don't answer the phone anyways- so it makes no sense to have it if we don't answer it. Also, they say it's mandatory to have our number in case of fires they said here- which makes no sense because of the fact that we don't answer the phone in the first place. If we had no phone they won't get one for us so how can they legally mandate that they have a phone number to our apartment. They can't they can't force ppl to have a phone. Anyways, the mafia'd call this new number while they lived with them in the same house after they'd call us apparently until a new number was dialed to X ours out of last number redial on the phone. Since she moved out it hasn't been doing that apparently- maybe some - maybe someone was there. 
Anyways, a ufo researcher told us the serial killer could be alien related and it took us a long time to figure it out some on that. If anyone can figure it out. It's true. She said the aliens got us to meet that guy on the phone. Actually, it makes sense because he met many that way and if they tried to be a bad influence they did. They seemed real nice but seemed standoffish and can put you off if you bother them. It appears if they want to be friends or esp. girlfriend and boyfriend- that's up to them and they may not want girls to try to initiate that or bother them- we kinda keep away from 'em coz we were scared off. We tried to talk to somea nd they were nasty and one was realy realy nice and talkative and we left though- telepatic communication. We just stopped though and hadn't tried with many of them much. We may have got on their nerves. Seems one said to his friends- why is she looking at me? sure, we did- he knows why- that was a weird thing we did when some of them were around with our eyes. And seems some told the one MIB- she'll remember that. he was reading our minds and doing things- communicating with us and being nice. he told them he didn't care. we can hear them but they talk without moving their lips. they'd look at each other sometimes. he was being nice, he may have made us think people put us down in the first place just to be nice to us. but try to talk to him telepathicaly and he put us off- we probably were being stupid anyways. and he's probaly busy with something- sure and leave us but that's fine. 
They came over and appeared as MIB's- suave, debonaire- like we would tell the dogs they are like. Then they appeared different and behaved as realy they appeared as rock fans- long hair, skinny guys with rock t-shirts on. They were acting like hitmen or something, too. So, the alien that was there with us said to us that it was scary. He was watching them. They appear as small magical creatures and that's related to ritual magic we read- and that means witchcraft. They had came over as MIB's then something else. They switch between appearances and they'd call us. 
The male who called who we thought was them was realy a cop. Apparently it was a trap to catch us because a researcher called them on us for calling too much. That's considered stalking apparently. So, we thought it was the alien and it wasn't. They don't believe it's aliens - they think you're lieing and or crazy of course. Whatever. We did call, but also we had got the wrong number many times. We shouldve hung up apparently. Who knows. Usually if people think it's aliens it isn't- same wiht us although we've seen them for real. So he was at the mall and pretending to look for a job at the airlines that our phone line was crossed with. We had said we were getting alot of weird phone calls and from the airport. party line- the phone was bugged by CIA after we called there apparently and also the phone line was from the 40's and the phone co. said does this have a party line? it did - he put in a new one free. It's when the phone equipment isn't quality that it picks up all sorts of calls and you could hear the CIA even on the phone and everything else. Alien women called us, too and an alien said they were going to kill us. He said they had to stop them- their girlfriends. That's their girlfriends- and we grew up around them aliens since we were kids. They had seen us on a local news program - in the background at a local event and were mad apparently. I know they had called around then, and the other alien man, a crank caller male, the fake accent police man called, party line calls, our grandmother wouldn't stop calling, the dumb girls called round then and the alien told me to call the researcher even and we didn't want to- that was a year later though. We called a day later than they said to call though. Noone was mad at us coz the aliens had been active then and it was real so they maybe believed us then. We knew the man wasn't an alien at the mall because if it was one we'd have known. So we didn't get on tv for going to jail that time. We even called later and keep getting into trouble like that and seems the aliens are doing that. They get us to run into police over and over. When we were kids we did that, too. They had us steal and then it got reported and then we were on the CB then we had aquirt guns and someone called the police and they came out there and knew it's us on the CB. It was similar because he recognized us on the phone when we reported a raccoon that was in the front yard- it had went up a tree at night. Our grandmother told us not to call the police over that. Both times htey knew it was us and also some kids had broken into a house and we got caught out there so they must've thought we did it. So we were into all kinds of trouble. That alien was trying to get me in his yard and he was going by me out there at night in the dark is what he was doing. I didn't ask him for money, but I went in his yard looking for cans. I had got money from others though there and someone called the police on fake charity money collecting. We didn't mean to keep it, but we did. We were on a cb then out with squirt guns. He apparently drove round many times in a car trying to get us to go to his backyard to shoot cars going both ways with the squirt gun but we never went there because we thought it was too far to walk as usual. He came over to us in the dark out there though. Our grandmother said not to knock on his door- that nooen had ever seen anyone out at that house. We said there were no cans in his backyard. There was a place though you could hide and shoot at cars from there in his backyard. He was back there waiting for us to go back there for some reason out there and it was real dark. Seems we heard him walk over to us from back there, but it was so dark we couldn't see anything. Someone said there was someone out there though every time we were out there- even in the ditch where we hid to shoot at the cars from. They saw someone, but we didn't so- I realy have no idea where they were and couldn't see them pointing them out either. I was always bad at spotting people like that- there was a man who as in the woods kinda similar before and we never heard him but other kids did hear him many times. He tried to attack us once while wearing a bushman's outfit and we ran and thought we saw a ghost. It was him. The serial killer tried to kidnap up from a busstop that time, too- both incidents and another one we had to think about for a long time to remember them- it was real we recalled and figured it out. there was another male who tried to have us kidnapped, raped and murdered by his friend there. that's the crazy man there. But, it was all real- we had ran is what it was from these 3 human guys them times so fast we didn't know if it was real or realy get a chance to look to see if we were imagining it or not. The serial killer told us he had tried to get us there and we ran. Sure and the other male we had 2 photos of him looking at the busstop and that sounds like soemthing he'd do and the man looked like him so that's the man he worked with coz someone said they look alike. and the bushman's outfit- we saw that online- and remembered kids saying that man was there and our grandmother, also said he's there and he got arrested - that was on tv later. He had tried to kidnap us again seems like. There were a lot of men following us like that there- one was trying to rape us and he lied and escaped from him. But he was trying to do wierd things and it appeared to be someone did a voodoo spell on us but it was bad there so the aliens moved us out of tha area back to town. 
I dont know how it worked, but the MIB's got her to call him. Recently we got to go rest coz thinking of stuff ilke he told us on the phone is all. Kinda freaks you out. He was caught and executed in the mid 90's apparently coz it was mentioned on 1 show only on tv. Nothing in the press on him here- it was a tv preacher and he didn't tell his name either. Aliens had something to do with that and we called them and - it must've begun early on with the calls coz she came over. 
Then pretty soon we were calling and we were at their house sometime but moved later, but we were seeing the aliens a lot anyways yes. She came over and had us to call on the phone and we went there and then she got Ted on the phone. Ted Bundy books he said he liked. I recall one news report on tv where a woman's body was being pulled from a trashcan at his apartments. He said he was there when they pulled the body out of the trashcan. It was filmed on tv- it was night and someone saw that and called the police. I saw it on tv and he was acting out the books about bundy. He had a large bed that fit his whole room and had her over to watch playboy and act it out and when she didn't he stabbed her like over 100 times or soemthing it said on tv about that, but they didn't know he was acting like Bundy. He got kids down south, too. Almost every night a body was pulled from the river and he did that. 
Whatever wej ust thought we'd write on how they may turn evil. We haven't figured it out all yet probably on that. I know an alien raped a girl at a teen hang out here and it shut down after that. He appeared as a human, but he's an alien- so that was similar. The one alien said he was friends with the famous Ishtar or Venus and that's whose house we were at before he began to follow us. They're friends- she was trying to attack us there after that apparently and 2 aliens came and guarded us from her apparently. They later came here and appeared completely the opposite of how they were there. Here they moved a lot and dawdled and there they were motionless and robitic with deliberate moves to show people so people saw sme movement there. they were talla nd large there kinda and here they were small and dawdled like baby chics in the large black plymouth parked on the corner. that was after we had tried to contact aliens to get out out of our sweatshop slave camp job and so we can have a job and a home money- we asked them to bring us on vacation. they did come over. the one guy had that illegal porn video around then. 
the male calling was weird- he said calling about a job to me from an airline. someone told him to call he said- about a job at an airline- and he was fake with a fake accent and names. jim tillman he said with a real fake accent like south. no i wasn't hiring at an airline. but before we had asked aliens to give us a job many times and told them to call us. so the researchers may have come across some things like that and all it is is that and aliens maybe lieing on that which was nothing. so they thought it would be a good fake alien call maybe to fake us out to catch us. that's odd though. sure, the alien told us he was going to have someone call us- but he was our boyfriend then- a prince he said. maybe we mentioned it on the phone, but never told anyone of our attempts to get a job from the aliens and asking them to bring us on vacation like that. anyways, whatever maybe that's nothing. they were after us though and we heard them on the tv. our alien boyfriend said we were crazy and left and came back a year later though although he denied it was him. that could be a lie and was even if it wasn't him and was another alien pretending coz it's pretending to be him and tricking us. A year later the aliens had us call again and came over the one did and there was another and others maybe too around. There was a man raping women there and it's more weird witchcraft symbols - star on the fake police car door with a tear on it. The alien had a truck like that, too that turned into a flying saucer. The man's siren was suppose to tell us to call and report ufo abductions. Well, they lived in the apartments across the street and he was raping women on the highway pulling them over. but that's similar to how the alien raped the one teen from the hang out there, too. anyways, rape is associated with ufo landing sights where an alien was sighted in the area. we read that and that's been known since the early 70's coz it's in a book. 
anyways, somehow they turned bad there because they got her to call him. we were glad to move from there although the aliens offered them any amount of money they wanted so they could've got like a million$ from them and saved that business there and stayed there. its' a real genie story where the genie's offered money- it was in guise of real estate selling deal, but it was aliens and they offered any amount of money. the humans always try to hold off and get a good deal- always worried about a good deal and the aliens had told them before they sell planes to the us government for $300,000,000.00 three hundred million $ contracts. That's a whole lot coz we added it up trying to see how long it takes working in a sweat shop to get that much money- sweat shops then in US paid like maybe .50 or .75 an hour for slave labour! it's a lot of money if you looked at it that way. or any way probably. 
The men in black somehow did something but we not sure what.
There's a woman who see's ufo's at midnight at her house apparently who was very extremely heavily involved in witchcraft she said. And them MIB's live all in her neighborhood- they're all around realy, but a lot there. There's hardly noone there in that neighborhood, but it's expensive and that's where aliens live but you don't see them there. They appear as short magical metal heads over in devil's den- and hang out in a den - or used to there. They had a smoke shop there called The Tender Box. (hell) People saw them appearing and disappearing over near there so it became known as the devil's den. It was on a music video over by WASP where they called it Devil's Gulch. The band lived there down teh street from there actually and used to buy drugs there apparently or it's just in the song, but it's about Texas on that song and all or that may be another song. Blind In Texas - there was a drug dealer who sold drugs to the rock bands there- a boys uncle is who that was from out in the country. Some drug lords lived there and other areas too in that town. They used to drop kilos of coke out in my neighbhorhood down the street there. I didn't know what it was and never got any of it and one was lost in the woods seems like off the path that we saw once out there.  photos are showing the mafia- US Southern mafia organizations that we took. 
On close encounters film the part where it shows ground control talking to the airplane people on the movie is real. that isn't actors it was taped on the plane and that's the ufo flying by the airplane. there's the pilot and copilot on there. we were on the plane, too - right behind first class where spielberg and his friend were.
