{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-11 19:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529689","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25824","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2303,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/689/mufon-5529689.json","updb_database_id":5529689}
white starlike aircraft flashing approximately every 5 seconds

I was letting dogs out and looking up at the sky as usual. I have been a MUFON member and always look up when I go out. After seeing several of the usual commercial jets that are almost constantly passing over from east to west (occasionally west to east at a different altitude), I noticed, while looking approximately north in the direction of the Big Dipper a flash of light about the size and brightness of the brightest stars. The flash occurred about every 5 seconds and took about 1 second to fade in and out. I could not see any other lights on the object like I can with the commercial jets. The object moved approximately from the handle of the Big Dipper where I first saw it towards the southeast. The flashing became irregular as it approached the usual flight path for commercial jets. I saw it flash once just before intersecting this usual path (it would have come very close to one of these passing jets if it continued along the same path that I last observed it following. At first I thought it was just another airplane because of it's apparent altitude and speed which I would estimate was the same as other aircraft I have observed. It moved at a constant speed in the same direction during the entire observation. I was quite calm while observing and tried to gather as much information as I could as this did not appear like other aircraft that I have observed. This is the second attempt to submit this observation. During the first, as I was about to submit, my computer suddenly and unexpectedly decided to shut down. I don't remember this happening before in this way. Please contact me if you need additional info.
