{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-05 21:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451689","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109957","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2921,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/689/mufon-5451689.json","updb_database_id":5451689}
Strange cloud in behaviour, trajectory and shape

After debating for a month if I should or not report this strange phenomenon, whether it has a down-to-earth explanation or not, here is what I observed:

At approximately 9:35 p.m. Eastern Daylight Savings Time on Friday June 5, 2020, when the twilight of dusk was hitting a southeastern position (as seen from my bedroom window) I noticed raising from behind the tree-line a one lonely very clear, thick and puffy-rounded white cloud in the foreground against a sky covered by the brownish haze (caused by the day-long geo-engineering spraying against the background). The ascending cloud barely left the tree-line at a space where a clearing of the trees, from my window’s perspective, forms a wide “V” against the horizon.

There was no wind, yet the cloud was slowly lifting itself in a straight-up trajectory from behind the trees without changing shape. It hovered leaving a cloudy-white streak behind the trees, like a mushroom shape. It was completely stationary for a few minutes and then slowly drifted slightly to the right side of the “V” tree-void and again hovered very still, maintaining the unchanged shape. Eventually, while in the same position, the cloud reformed into a conical/pyramidal shape in a matter of about 10 seconds; it had a distinct sharp tip on the top… looking similar to the Matterhorn in Disneyland but with a vapor-like pointed tip. It held that shape for about a minute or so on the same place, then the tip simply evaporated in front of my eyes, and maintaining the cloudy-trapezoid shape under the vanished tip, it lowered behind the tree-line exactly from where it came from and disappeared completely at about 9:43 p.m. Absolutely no other clouds were in the sky where the eye could see. I have never seen anything like that before. It was very strange in deed.

{Curiously as a matter of reference, at around 10:15 p.m. (just about half an hour later and already dark), the full moon rose behind the haze from exactly the same spot at the tree-line where the cloud came from (following the same trajectory). Also very strangely coincidental}.

[contact information moved to FI Section/CMS]
