{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-27 21:57:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488689","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70949","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2893,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/689/mufon-5488689.json","updb_database_id":5488689}
{jpg} Triangular object flown above university

I was at the university watching the blood moon. My attention got diverted as I was alone cold and bored so I looked the polite side of the moon. When I noticed a very large about 100ft size triangular plane flying southbound from where I was standing. When I first saw the object I thought it was and airplane but when I focused my eyes on the object I realized it was triangular and the lights were not set up as a regular plane. There was no blinking red light the passenger planes have and it was a matte black. So it easy blended with the night but the lights were bright . It moved in a linear direction and it was very large no where near the size of a drone. It didn't move erratically or any fdiffrently except that it was quicker than an airplane. My initial feeling when I realized it was nothing like a plane was to point it out to someone near me. I asked a girl sitting next to me and had to point it out to her since everyone was looking at the direction of the moon. She was shocked and confirmed my suspicioun that it was like nothing we have seen before. Since I was taking photographs of the moon I had my iPad ready to photograph the ufo. I knew that without evidence I wouldn't be in denial of what I had seen. So I tried to snap pictures but it was too fast for the camera to focus and I couldn't see the details I saw with my naked eye to to the objects color blending in with the night. I got one picture that was decent-ish. I only got to take two pictures and it was gone. Quickly I sent a Skype message to my brother telling him that I saw what appeared to be a UFO. I lost sight of the object when a building got in the way as it traveled southward. I believe there were only 1 other witness other than myself because I didn't see anyone in the crowd of students looking bewildered or saying anything even though there were about 50 students there. They were all facing the moon which was east of me and the object was west of me on the opposite direction. The only other person who noticed was the girl whom I pointed it out to.
