{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-01-14 17:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452488","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109152","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3984,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/488/mufon-5452488.json","updb_database_id":5452488}
One triangle and three star like objects. The triangle flew over me while the star like objects moved in a straight line before stopping over me.

I was working late in my cubicle on the third floor of the Federal Building in KC, KS., on the evening of Tuesday, Januar y 14, 2020, prior to leaving for a meeting. The window beside my cubicle has a panoramic view of the downtown KCMO sky line and the Wheeler downtown airport on the other side of the Missouri River . At approximately 5:30 p.m. I heard three thunderous roars approximately two minutes apart. The sound shook the windows. After the third I went to the window to see what could be making the noise. I immediately saw a triangular shaped object at approximately 30 degrees above the horizon, roughly one mile east of the downtown.I followed the lights as they moved swiftly from east to west until they disappeared over the Federal building. By then it was time to leave for the meeting in order to get to my meeting at 6:30 p.m. I went to my car and decided to scan the sky before leaving. The sky was overcast but I saw a starlike object to the east at approximately the same location as the triangle. The object moved rapidly to the west until it disappeared from site over the building. I then observed another starlike object to the southeast, approximately over the Crown City area about two miles away. It moved rapidly to the NW until it was above me, made a 90 degree left hand turn, when a bit further and stopped. Amazingly, I then saw yet another starlike object in the SE at approximately the same location. It began moving rapidly toward me until it went a ways over me on the left side field of view, where it stopped. It seemed to me that the objects were stationery until I saw them, then they took off towards me. By now I was freaked out because I sensed they were aware and were reacting to me. shaken, I got in the car and left. The next night at around the same time I looked out the window and again thought I saw a triangular shaped object, which went from east to northeast before stopping. Still shaken from the previous night, I seriously began to question whether my eyes were playing tricks on me. So I cannot confirm that the sighting the second night was real or just my imagination. 

On January 15, I called the general information line at the Wheeler airport and was told the roars I had heard was the after-burners of three F-18's taking off on the return flight to their home base in Virginia. The person I spoke with told me there had not been any unusual reports the day before but that he would make note of my sighting. 

This event left me shaken for a long time afterwards because it is the fourth UFO sighting I have had since becoming a Field Investigator for the Kansas Chapter of MUFON, during which time I have investigated approximately 80 sightings. While I did report the sighting to KS MUFON directors Stan Seba & Nancy DeSousa (we had a conference call), I was hesitant to file a formal report because the nature of the sighting was so strange and I needed time to process it in my mind and I was seriously considering filing a FOIA on my own .

I remain convinced that the occupants of these objects were aware of me, not only on January 14th but in previous sightings as well.
  
While I don't have a picture of the January 14 objects, I two of two previous sightings.
