{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-11-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527488","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28136","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2850,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/488/mufon-5527488.json","updb_database_id":5527488}
Very bright light in sky southeast of my campsite

Another guy and myself headed up in the mountains west of Bridgeport Ca. the day before opening day of deer season. I don't remember the exact date but recall the incident clearly. We pitched our tent, built a small campfire, and was settling back when another couple came up the trail in a jeep. They asked if they could camp next to us because of the rocky ground all around. A little while later we were all sitting around the campfire when I noticed a very bright light appear to the southeast of our position. We all put our scopes on it and watched it for app 1/2 hour. It moved around slowly, then vertically and at one point I could see the mountain tops behind it ruling out that it was in outer space. I am a licensed pilot and am familiar with aircraft nomenclature. This object was NOT anything I have ever seen before. We hunted the weekend and returned home to Bridgeport. The following day my employer told me it was in the Carson City paper that a ufo flew low over the power lines leading out of Carson City. It was either the fall of 1966 or 1967 the day before deer season opened. 

The second sighting was about 8:00 p.m. in Alaska. My brother, and another guy (taxidermist) watched a very bright light move slowly from south to North with two smaller lights circling around it. We watched it for about 3 minutes before we lost sight of it. We were on our way home from a caribou hunting trip and actually stopped the truck to try and see it better. It was silent, not jerking around, and very smooth in the formation. It did not change color. At no time did we ever feel threatened by either of these objects.

The third time I was in the Campgrounds in Quartzsite Az. talking to some friends on a cb radio about 5 or 6 miles away. All of a sudden they got very excited and started describing this huge object that was wedge shaped that flew right over them on an Easterly course. I could not see it due to cloud cover where I was. Anyway, the next morning it was reported over Phoenix. Also I am curious as to why the southwest (I live in Yuma,Az.) seems to have so many sightings. If I can be of any further help, you can phone me at *(Wits name and phone number deleted--CMS/sg).
