{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469488","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91034","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3091,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/488/mufon-5469488.json","updb_database_id":5469488}
{td} 7 tiny red lights in shape of a wing about a mile up over 26th Street. Stationary and silent the whole time I was taking out the garbage. I walked up the street and could not identify it. Red Lights twinkled as in distance. Strange. Stationary.

I noticed of 7 red lights in a wing formation in the sky almost directly above, as I was taking out the garbage at about 9PM last Monday night. It was maybe at least a mile up and a bit to the West (toward the Hudson River), but nearly straight up. It appeared they were fixed to the wing of an airplane maybe as in a slight v shape so I am reporting it as one object. There were about 7 tiny red lights. It was completely stationary and silent. The only apparently stationary things I have ever seen in the sky aside from astronomical bodies were helicopters that sometimes hover very loudly over some incident taking place on the ground. The lights were twinkling as a faint star would. They have to be pretty far way to twinkle. For example the lights on the world trade center (a few miles south) twinkle as viewed from 26th Street and 5th avenue. The lights were about as bright as the little red lights on a crane would be high above a city street (more dim than bright) so I checked carefully to see if this was something like that. But clearly no cranes visible. The weird thing was it was a little windy and that thing was yet as still as if fixed to something solid. I went inside to get my binoculars but couldn't find them and I decided, due to ambient lighting, I would not get a very good picture of it. In retrospect I suppose I should have tried to. But I did check to see if it was still there and it was. But then about a half hour later it was not there. I also waited to see if there were any reports of a UFO but there were none. Anyway, that is what I saw and it is possible it may not have been widely noticed, or even noticed by anyone as being strange. I don't know. The lights were faint and far away and quiet. But I am reporting it because I couldn't figure out what it was. Maybe someone else saw something similar, or can explain what that might have been. The image I attached is not what I saw but from google images was as similar as I could find to represent what I saw but the lights were red and as I described, tiny, faint, twinkling (but would clearly visible to anyone with 20 20 vision who could see distance).
