{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1957-03-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489488","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70127","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3988,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/488/mufon-5489488.json","updb_database_id":5489488}
{dr}small, circular craft. Large enough for 4 entities and myself (from ages 7-9)

I was between 7 and 9 in the late 1950's when the instances took place. We lived on the corner of two sparsely populated streets, Cogswell and Westvale, several miles out of town. The houses were far apart. There was a field across the street and trees behind us. I think the house is now in the middle of a subdivision All of the abductions occurred at night when everyone in the house should be asleep. Two entities would come to my bedroom window. I would suddenly find myself outside with them. I don't remember getting out of bed. The entities were not much taller than me, had large heads and black, oval eyes that were too big for their heads. I don't recall seeing the whites of their eyes. There were only slits or lines where the mouth and nose should be. They were otherwise very skinny. Their skin was greyish-brownish color. I thought they were sick, funny looking kids at the time. Their clothes were skin tight. I was never afraid. They kept reassuring me telepathically. I heard them, but their mouths never opened. I also empathically felt that they did not want to hurt me. They seemed friendly. They made me feel very safe.

 I only remember the following happening the first time. They walked me to the craft which was in my backyard in a large sandy area that Dad often complained about because nothing could be planted there, then up a ramp to the inside. A third entity was in charge of flying the craft. I stood by the window as the craft took off. We flew into space to a larger craft. In retrospect, the craft must have flown very fast, because we flew past other planets. I remember seeing Saturn with all the big rocks flying around it. I also saw Jupiter, which they explained about the hot, poison gases and how they did not want to get too near the planet with the ship. I told my parents, teacher and other students at school about the planets. All assumed that I had read about these things in books. But I didn't have such books at home and we were not studying the galaxy in second or third grade.

 The small craft flew into a larger craft where I was led into a cold, metal room with other adult humans all sitting on a metal bench that was build into the wall and lined the entire room except where the doors were. Everyone stared straight ahead, as if they were drugged. They did not acknowledge or speak to me or anyone else. Another entity lead the gentleman next to me out another door, much like a nurses aid in a doctor's waiting room. That was the last thing I remember until I woke up the next day in my own bed. 

After the first encounter, I would see the little people at my window and the craft in the backyard, but do not remember anything else. Only waking up the next morning in my bed. My mother always referred to them as my little green men, assuming that I made them up although it was very real to me. It's one of the clearest memories I have as a child.

 When I was 30, I had a tubal ligation done to tie my fallopian tubes. The doctor was able to do one side, but something kept him from reaching the other side. He decided to do exploratory surgery. He found masses of scar tissue. He was perplexed because there was nothing in my medical history to explain this. I wonder if I was one of those abductees on which exploratory surgery was performed.
