{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-02 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479488","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80607","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2855,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/488/mufon-5479488.json","updb_database_id":5479488}
{rjl} White orb appeared on upper right, above cloud, then blinked out and reappeared on upper left, above cloud, then shrunk in size and disappeared.

I had been home, studying and writing papers all day for my Psychology and Communications Classes. My back was hurting, I was getting numb from sitting for so long, and had cabin fever from cramming every day indoors, with the two accelerated courses. It was a beautiful day because the air had become less humid, the sky was clear blue, (other than scattered high-altitude, fluffy, white clouds), and there was a strong breeze to offset the summer heat; so I decided to go for a long walk/run to get my circulation moving and get some fresh air and sunshine. It was about 4:30-5:00PM. I began walking West. After about 5-6 blocks, as I was looking up at a very large, beautiful fluffy cloud, I noticed what initially looked like a white, round helium balloon, very high up, (hovering still), to the right, just above the massive fluffy cumulonimbus cloud. My first thought was that I wished my three-year-old granddaughter could see this balloon all the way up there, and that I should get her some helium balloons so she could let one go and get to see how high up it will reach. Then the object just blinked out. I assumed it was a balloon and popped. I continued walking another 1-2 blocks, and what appeared to be the same object/orb suddenly appeared again, but this time, all the way over to the left, upper corner of the same massive cloud, just above it. The object/orb hovered still against the blue sky without moving at all. (NOTE: At the time of the incident, I had not thought about the fact that it was very breezy that day, and that if the object was a balloon, it certainly would not have been so still. This time I did not take my eyes off of the object1not even to blink. i noticed it reflected light, was quite shiny, and had some reflections of pale blue, pink, and light purple. As I kept my eyes on it, the object shrunk in size or disintegrated and disappeared. For a while I told myself it was one or two balloons that I must had seen, but knew that it was not possible for balloons to sit still in the wind, so I decided to finally make this report because the incident has been nagging me.
