{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-03-28 21:14:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548488","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"10084","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2578,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/488/mufon-5548488.json","updb_database_id":5548488}
Saw orange orbs in Culver's skies again last night!!!

I was sitting watching tv joking with my husband how it was such a clear night to be ufo watching. (Yes, we are going to start doing this since I have been seeing unexplained objects in our skies lately!)I was standing at my big window when I saw one bright orange light in the sky that sharply turned right (my left)or I guess it would be east. I didn't say a thing to my husband until it came back a second time in the same location. I gave my husband the strangest look as he was sitting on the couch. He told me that I was seeing things and that these things would not come back a second time!!(first occurrance was on March 6th at 8:02p sharp). He got up and couldn't believe his eyes. Shortly after the first 2 orbs just towards the west we saw a linear line of 4 lights just above tree top height. These lights came on one at a time and dimmed one at a time but were much closer together and not as bright reddish/orange this time. (as the March 6th incident). I would say that the lights/orbs looked much different and acted much different almost as if it was a coverup. I was not scared by these lights. Nothing really eerie about them. I called my sister north in Rochester as I was OUTSIDE this time watching these things. She was on her cell phone and walked outside as I was telling her to see these things. She said "Oh my God! I see three lights. They look like head lights on a car in the sky." As I watched these lights come and go they moved fairly slowly towards the east. I did notice a huge amount of jets in the skies this time but no sounds whatsoever. The incident only lasted maybe 15 minutes. If it's a clear night tonight, you bet I'm going to be watching the skies. If you are in northern indiana, I suggest that you do too. I need to know what these things are!! Who is doing this and confusing the public. Or is this a governmental cover up? What I saw on March 6th does not compare to these lights at all!!
