{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1983-08-14 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491960","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67592","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5774,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/960/mufon-5491960.json","updb_database_id":5491960}
{jpg} Woke up as a child to a lightbulb headed thing in my room

I was probably around six, at the time. This occurred after I had a sighting. After that first sighting I was unreasonably afraid of strange men that I thought were in the forest outside of my window for several years.

One night I woke up and my window appeared to be sealed off. Everything else in my room was the same as before except for the window. A large, light bulb shaped, head with large, black, almond shaped eyes, was coming through the seal on the window. I interpreted it as a balloon with an angry face. I had not been exposed to "Grey" aliens at this age, so I didn't realize that was exactly what this looked like until I was several years older.

I was terrified. I ran down the hall to my parents' room and couldn't wake them up. I was terrified, shouting, and pulling at them, but they wouldn't wake up. Eventually I was overcome with a feeling of defeat and apathy and said to myself "I guess I had better go and get what's coming to me", or something like that. As I went back to my bedroom, I could see a bright light and the angry light bulb head. The next thing I knew I was laying in bed, it was daylight, and I was terrified.

I talked to my parents about it, and they didn't remember me going into their room. They said it must have been a nightmare, and that's what I have believed. I drew pictures of the light bulb balloon head for several years after that, and was always terrified that there were strange, inhuman, men in the forest waiting to take me away. 

This isn't the only strange thing that happened in that room. Many odd things happened there. For instance, I noticed that my toys were moved after we left and returned when nobody else was in the house, so I left out a stack of toy bricks. As soon as we got home I checked on them and they were unstacked on my desk. I attributed this to the spirit of my deceased brother (I don't believe in such things now, but as a child that was my explanation).

Another time, when I was about five years old, in that same room, my mother and I were cleaning. She was dusting a shelf when the phone rang in her bedroom. I watched her walk down the hallway and answer the phone. When I turned back and looked in my room, there was my mother, but it wasn't my mother because I could hear my mother on the phone down the hallway. This doppelganger looked at me angrily, reached up to the top shelf of my bookshelf where I couldn't reach. We kept my deceased brother's piggy bank up on that shelf so that I wouldn't be able to break it. The doppelganger took the piggy bank and smashed it on my desk. I cried. My mother came rushing in from her bedroom asking what happened. I hadn't moved from my position in the doorway, but the doppelganger was gone, and I told my mother that she had broken the piggy bank, which, of course, she denied since she was in the other room on the telephone.

I still have no idea what that was about.

Other things that I experienced in that room were a pair of strange blue hands on the side of my bed that caused me to leap and run out of the room when I was about seven or so. I also awoke to a little man standing on the foot of my bed one night. I carried on a brief conversation with him and told him that I had to show him to my parents. He said that he would leave if I did that. I told him to wait, went and got my parents, and, of course, when they came in with me, there was nothing there. I chalked that up to a dream too.

The strangest thing was when I woke up at night and saw a swarm of creatures composed only of odd angles and light outside of the window, I referred to them as "angels", and then I saw a bright light that I thought was "god". I told my mother about it the next morning, we figured that was just a dream as well.

I always chalked these experiences up to just being a kid, or dreams. However, once we moved out of that house this sort of thing stopped happening for the most part.

Since I had a death in the family at a young age, I was checked out by therapists pretty often to make sure that I was coping with things well. I always had a clean bill of mental health. I have no record of anything that could be considered psychosis, or schizophrenia. I did not experience these things as an adult, and I went on to hold positions with the US Government that required security clearances.

Although I have had several UFO sightings as an adult, these sorts of encounters were not a normal thing after moving out of that place. Perhaps it was a child's overactive imagination, hallucinations, or dreams. Perhaps there is some strange electromagnetic current in that room, or maybe it is something else that I can't understand.

I have been going through my previous UFO encounters and reporting them before I get any older and forget about them, and these incidents came up. They had some similarities to other stories that I have seen on your site recently, and since I have seen a variety of UFOs over the years, I figured that these accounts could possibly be related in some way, or that they may be useful to some researcher, somewhere.
