{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-08 22:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526960","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28694","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2950,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/960/mufon-5526960.json","updb_database_id":5526960}
Ball of bright strobe-like flashing blue/white light in a sphere shape. Came down of the low cloud cover, flashing bright lights inside sphere, long pattern of quick light flashes, seemed random, but was not...

Ball of bright strobe-like flashing blue/white light in a sphere shape. Three of us were driving along and all of a sudden off to the left in the sky was a bunch of flashing light, like strobe lights on a plane but flashing in a strange pattern (quick succession of lights then pauses then again1almost like random lightning flashes, but still repeating)  

It was 10:33 PM (04-08-11) and we were eastbound on Hwy 30, 10 miles west of Cedar Rapids, Iowa. It was not foggy, but the cloud cover was low, maybe 300 to 500 ft. My friend, who was driving, saw this sphere of flashing light come down out of the overcast sky.  I would say it was 300 to 500 feet up and 500 feet to the left1 the shape was probably 30 to 40 feet in diameter, with lights flashing all over inside the sphere shape.

When I first saw it, from the backseat, I though it was lightning flashes or an airplane with strobe lights flashing. But it was not lightning and it was not moving like an air plane and it had so many flashing strobes contained in a ball or sphere shape...

The light flashes were bright and a blue-ish color (not white and not quite the color of lightning). All these pulses of light seemed contained in a round or ball like shape. The individual flashes of light were coming from all areas inside this ball. It was not just like 1, 2, or 3 light bulbs flashing 1it was many more, and it created this round shape in the sky at the bottom of the cloud cover. You could see the round shape, but could not see a structure, just light and the glow of the light created a glowing circle (with the quick pluses of lights flashing inside the sphere). It was not moving, just hovering as we drove down the highway.

We turned around about a quarter mile down the road to track back. We were driving on a divided highway could not get turned around sooner. I watched out the back window and just as we were turning around the lights either faded out or they went up into the clouds.

I really don1t know what to think...it happened so fast, but three of us all saw the same thing and agreed that we didn1t have any ideas as to what that could have been....
