{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-08-19 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451960","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109684","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3636,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/960/mufon-5451960.json","updb_database_id":5451960}
Sierra Nevada Encounter

In 1994 my wife and I traveled to grizzly mountain to go camping at a spot I have previously camping during hunting season. After setting up camp and starting a fire I noticed what I thought was a bright star a above the tree tops of the forrest. Soon I noticed the star was moving back and forth from one side of a tree top to the other. I asked my wife to watch the light with me and she noticed it's movement also. We laughed and joked and said maybe it's a ufo and then tried to rationalize what it could be. ....I offered the possibility that the tree tops were moving from wind or maybe it was a helicopter which i have observed in that area before. We shrugged it off and we're gonna mg to get ready to jump in our tent and get some rest because we had arrived and set up camp pretty late. Then we began to hear lots of crashing noises in the woods around us and we got worried because my wife was pregnant with my son. The area we were camping at did have black bears and mountain lions in area but I had never had a problem with any at camp and especislly with a fire. As a precaution I told her to get in our car and lay the seat back and try and rest while I stood watch for a while. 
That's when I noticed the light was off to the right of our camp and much closer and much brighter and I felt like it wasnt something good or anything with good intentions. 
We decided forget this ....too much strange stuff and we had had enough so I jumped in the car and told wife we were coming off this mountain for the night. I had out out the fire bit left the tent and stuff in the tent and said we'd come back in the daylight grab the stuff we left.
I tried to start the car and it would not start at all. My car had no operational issues prior to this. Luckily I was parked on a hill and it was a stick shift so I threw it in neutral and rolled backwards and popped the clutch and luckily it fired up.
As we began to come off the mountain the object followed us and at one point was within at least to my guess 500 yards away. It was beautiful like a caccoon shaped object that had a metallic silver color and a blue like mist that glowed coming from it. Red lights came from it and travelled on their own moving around very fast.
As we left debris fell into the road and we came upon a downed redwood tree and we got scared. I had travelled these roads many years and everything was wrong and the road didn't look right. 
I finally said we have to stop and can't just keep going in case I somehow went down some road in error and didn't want us totally lost.
We parked the car and tried to rest . We didn't notice the light any longer and I began to notice it was already getting daylight.
Somehow during this event we lost a time span of a two or three hours that didn't make any sense.
Since this event I have suffered from anxiety, ptsd type moments and bad dreams.
I still do not know exactly what it was that we seen but I have never been able to go back to the mountains where this happened since.
