{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-20 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519960","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36663","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2416,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/960/mufon-5519960.json","updb_database_id":5519960}
A very fast B2 Bomberlike craft, moving very fast. Just a shade darker than the surrounding sky, edges seemed blured.. No Lights, No sound.

It was about 11:30 on a very nice clear night, the 20th of March 2012. I was standing outside with my dogs in the backyard. I enjoy looking at the stars and looking for the planets when I am out there, so I was looking north and up into the sky. It was a clear night sky with clouds on the northern horizon. My house was to my back and I was looking due north. 

I hear a pop, like a sonic boom, way off in the distance, I could not tell the direction, then out of the corner of my eye I catch movement in the night sky directly above me, slightly to the east (at the 1 oclock position) moving rapidly north (covered the night sky in under 10 seconds). The object is about 2" in size relative to me. I concentrate to make it out as it is moving fast and there are no nav lights. (I live near 2 major airports with at least one entry pattern running right over the house, so no nav lights really caught my attention. - I guess here would be a good place to point out that I am a US Army Combat Veteran and by habit I study my surroundings.) I looked away and back again to confirm I was seeing something, and sure enough it was there now about 1/2 way to the horizon. The shape was very much like a B2, but not black. The sky was a shade of purple, and this seemed to be just a shade darker. The edges were just a bit fuzzy, like it was out of focus. I thought it could be something in my eye until it flew behind a bank of clouds far to the north on the horizon.

At first I thought it was a B2 until I thought abuot the lack of lights or noise and the speed. I have been on the ground when both F117s and B2s have flown overhead, so I was waiting for the sound. It never came.
