{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-01-04 18:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289960","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113390","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2293,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/960/mufon-5289960.json","updb_database_id":5289960}
Deep red/orange ORB traveling in a slow, steady line, emitting liquid fire balls (three of them), then slowly flew away

I witnessed an unknown object flying slow and steady over Burbank on the evening of Jan 4th, 2021. We live near an airport and are very familiar with the types of aircraft that come and go across our skies. This was like nothing we'd seen before, and followed no flight path we'd seen before either. 

The object appeared to be a bright glowing sphere or orb, deep orange and red in color, at low altitude, and flying along at a slow and steady pace, roughly due North. It's hard to say exactly how big it was or how far away, but I'd guess it was between a quarter and a half mile away. 

I didn't know what it was, but it was strange enough to catch my attention, and hold it. My son was with me, and it caught his eye immediately too. We both noticed it at the same time and just kind of looked at each other. We knew it was unusual. It was definitely not a balloon, drone, airplane or helicopter. I wasn't sure if I should pull out my phone to record some video of it until it suddenly emitted three bright objects from its underside, which quickly disappeared beneath, one, two three, boom. They almost appeared to be liquid balls of fire. 

At that point I immediately pulled out my phone and began recording. No further objects were emitted after that. My footage tracks the object for several minutes, but is not of the highest quality. Night photography on a cell phone, especially when zoomed in, is not optimal, but it's all I had on me at the time. 

It eventually took a very gradual turn to the west, gained altitude (not dramatically) and we lost sight of it.
