{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-19 19:19:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521948","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34256","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2947,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/948/mufon-5521948.json","updb_database_id":5521948}
Craft shining beam of light in night sky.

On December 19, 2011, while in the car with my husband I witnessed something Ive ne er seen before. As we were returning from shopping late on that evening, it had already gotten pitch dark. It was a little after 7pm. I was looking out the passenger window at the businesses as we passed by them, something caught my eye and I looked in the sky, above everything. I saw this thing that looked almost like a ball of light, it was shining a beam of light out of the top of it into the sky above it. The beam shown very high above it, probably 50-100ft above it. You could see it fade into nothingnes.  Like when you shine the beam of a flash light on a itch black night, you can see where the beam ends. Thats how this was. It was also about 25-50fy acro. A quick note Im estimating here, I maybe way off not sure. I tried to get my husband to see it but he wasnt able to for fear of wrecking. We drove about a block or two with it still doing this and staying stationary. I turned my head for a moment I believe to tell my husband something and once I turned my attention back this craft had turned off the beam of light. Now it just looked like a ball of light just NP where near as bright. I could now see one single red blinking light on it. I could sorta make out a shape even though it was dark. It was sorta ball/saucery like shaped. Of course Im sure the darkness didn't help me any in knowing the exact shape. During this whole time I was just kinda amazed and curious about it. The road made a turn and I lost sight if it, then found it again. Only to lose it again and never find it again. Which I find very strange that something like that could just completely disappear with out a trace with all the light it was amitting. The speed of the craft the whole time seemed very slow. So thats how I don't see it disappearing like that even Id it dis speed away. At first it just hovered there while IR shunned the beam. Ive never Sen anything like it. My first thought was it was a helicopter, but what doesnt make sense is the thing looking like a ball of light even after the beam of light. I mean I know helicopters can have search lights so you cant use that as a point to show it wasnt one. I suppose you can be the judge of what you think it was. To me Im unsure but it sure seemed strange for a helicopter.
