{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-04-14 23:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469948","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90559","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2281,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/948/mufon-5469948.json","updb_database_id":5469948}
Life Changeing

I've waited 40 years to reveal this sighting because I thought people would think I was nuts.
This event happened the week before two police officers chased a UFO down the M53 motorway on the Wirral, Merseyside.
At this particular time I was working at Lucas Girling in Bromborough. I was a CNC machinist. We made braking systems for the French SNCF high speed train amongst others.
That afternoon I was Working a 3pm to 11pm shift.
I finished work at 11pm and left the factory at approx 11:15pm. I was giving a colleague of mine a lift home because he lived in the same street as me.
I was driving down Allport Road, Bromborough at approx 11:20pm. It was a dark night but cloud free, I could see the stars in the sky but as we travelled down Allport Road I noticed that there seemed to be a huge blackness in the sky blocking out surrounding stars. I Stopped the car and both my colleague and I got out to observe this.
Basically it was a huge black disc blocking out the starlight but the edge of the disc was edged with lights. It wasn't a plane coming into land at Liverpool Airport because this thing was almost stationary but it just seemed to be creeping along.
I felt the hair rise on the back of my neck. Rod and I jumped back in my car and sped off home ASAP.
We both knew what we had seen but I think it was also a case of denial.
Who would believe us.
People would think we are a pair of idiots.
We didn't even discuss it between ourselves.

But as the years have passed I firmly believe we are not alone. I think we are being observed, studied.
Worst case scenario is that in the scheme of things we could be like a small amount of bacteria in a petri dish.
