{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287948","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115424","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3013,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/948/mufon-5287948.json","updb_database_id":5287948}
One huge ball/circle , 3 smaller balls/circles

Around 12:45 am I'm sitting on my balcony, my balcony is on a second floor and is like a huge window when sitting down. I've noticed things in the past but last night was something else! It was clear with occasional light thin clouds passing, the atmosphere was very still, no wind, really silent night. I noticed this huge light appear, at first I thought it was standard sight of a shooting star, but then it looked like it dropped a little, and what looked like it's back end wobbled then go off horizontal across the sky, which I watched (around 2 seconds then it went into cloud which lit up the cloud around it creating a perfect circle of light then went horizontal past the point of my vision as I'm on my balcony, (so basically I would of had to run through the flat to go to front window to continue watching). It was that moment i knew it wasn't a shooting star. Shooting stars don't come down, go horizontal like taking a certain path and go across the sky within the cloud lit up!
About half hour later I then seen 3 smaller circles appear from the NE from my position and East of the first circle, my balcony is 10ft in length and the first sighting was say 11 o clock to my position and the 3 smaller ones appeared about 2 o'clock from my position. Theses 3 smaller ones appeared and shot off in exactly the same direction within the cloud lighting up the cloud around them. I don't think the 3 circles was one object, one of the 3 looked out of line as it appeared and corrected its self so all 3 ended up flying like birds flying in a v shape and carried on past the point of my vision. No sound what's so ever. I can see planes flying really high so the plane looks minute and can still here the slight rumble but last night there was no sound at all. After seeing the 3 smaller ones appear the first image that came into my head was a scene from a star wars movie, has solo in his huge craft came into the atmosphere to escape and shot off and the 3 smaller ones were sent down to go after him, that's a good way to describe it lol, especially as these lights was not falling to earth or asending either!! I'm actually still in shock, I've seen things from my balcony but always to high but last night, wow it was that close they probably could of seen me on my balcony lol! Amazing. So wish I had a night camera, I've noticed here I don't need a clear sky to see things!
