{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-12-20 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496948","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62430","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2261,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/948/mufon-5496948.json","updb_database_id":5496948}
Triangle with bottom covered in soft circular lights (formation of bowling pins) flying above treeline. No sound. Moving aprox. 5 mph

1992 Christmas season in Great Falls, Montana the mall stayed open until 11pm. After closing and cleaning the salon I worked at, I drove home. Sky was clear and roads were empty as much of the town was sleeping. I saw light coming from over my car and leaned to peer out windshield. Almost directly over my car, just above the tree line, I saw a black triangular shaped object with soft lights covering the entire bottom surface in sort of a bowling pin pattern. They were not blinding and I was able to see the black structure between the lights. It moved at approximately 5mph and made no sound. I stopped my car because no one was behind me and put my window down to listen. I still heard nothing. I felt like I could reach out and touch the thing. I didn't feel threatened and I didn't feel I was noticed. It was probably 60 feet or longer. I watched it for about two or three minutes wondering if it was a stealth, since I'd never seen one and lived near Malmstrom Air Force Base. But after a few minutes, I felt I was being watched and proceeded home, resisting the urge to look in the rearview mirror. The object never messed with anything electric with my car, the street lights stayed on, and no homes appeared to lose power. In recent searches, I haven't seen pictures of any stealth's that have lights like this underneath. And I've only told a few people up until now. I've told myself for years it was probably something from the base, but deep down I've serious doubts that anything man made could move so slow and silent.
