{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-20 04:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489948","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69655","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2526,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/948/mufon-5489948.json","updb_database_id":5489948}
{rjl}bright flashing lights next to my bedroom window, when I woke up and sat up a bright blue light scanned my room, flashed my face and I've been having headaches and sinus pain. electicity in my house has been acting up as well. my dogs were barking.

I was in my bed sleeping it was around 4am. I noticed that there were flashing lights by my bedroom window. It was not lightning because it had like a pulsating rhythm to them that was not like lightning. I woke my husband up to tell him about it. He went to the restroom when he woke up and while he was in the bathroom a bright blue beam like light scanned my bedroom. It flashed my face and stopped. My dogs were barking, I was afraid to get out of bed, but i can still see the pulsating lights outside by my window. They were there for about 10 minutes. I did not want to look out the window or go near it. I've been having ufo experiences since I was a child, but i don't remember ever having my room or face scanned before. The power in my house went out for a few seconds and came back. I had a hard time falling asleep after that. I was afraid it would come back. My daughter has seen shadow figure standing in her bedroom door way a few days before this ufo experience, and the power also went out in the house. I am afraid they are targeting my daughter as well. I have been experiencing headaches, sinus pain and pressure in my eyes since I was flashed in the face. I am now a bit concerned that they will come back or go after my family.
I had seen ufo sightings in the past, but never report them because I thought it would never happen again, and I was afraid of people thinking I was crazy or something like that. But now it feels like they are more frequent and I don't want them after my daughter as well. She has been waking up with weird scratches or small bruises on her body. I am concerned. Also the trees behind my house has a clearing that wasn't there before.
