{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470948","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89541","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3735,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/948/mufon-5470948.json","updb_database_id":5470948}
Apareci1 de momento, voviendose lentamente, era como holograma pues aparec1a y desaparec1a, hasta que desapareci1. Despejado el d1a.

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? Estaba en la ducha del ba1o, hay una ventana con vidrio ahumado que permite ver hacia el exterior, pero no al interior.

2. What made you first notice the object? Siempre que estoy en la ducha miro hacia afuera para ver el cielo y los 1rboles y en esos momentos estaba viendo hacia afuera y de repente apareci1 algo que estaba en movimiento. Me llam1 la atenci1n que algo se mov1a.

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it? Era algo que nunca hab1a visto y pens1 de inmediato que era un ovni (UFO), pues apareci1 de un momento a otro.

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail. El objeto ten1a forma triangular o de boomerang, de color met1lico con algo negro, avanzaba de forma lenta y a muy baja altitud.

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object. Pens1 que ya estaba viendo alucinaciones, porque de repente apareci1 por unos segundos y no pod1a creer lo que estaba viendo en esos momentos.

6. How did you lose sight of the object? Al parecer ten1a un camuflaje invisible, porque primero aparec1o de la nada, y despu1s empez1 a aparecer y desaparecer como si fuera una especie de holograma fallando, y conforme se mov1a desapareci1 en algo como vapor. Busqu1 para ver si al1a por otro lado, pero no, desapareci1 en s1lo unos segundos. Es como si hubiera fallado su sistema de camuflaje y as1 como apareci1, volvi1 a desaparecer.

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time? 

ANSWER I was in the bathroom shower, there is a window with smoked glass that allows to see outside, but not inside.

2. What did you first notice the object? 

ANSWER Whenever I am in the shower I look out to see the sky and the trees and at that moment I was looking out and suddenly something that was moving appeared. It struck me that something was moving.

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it? 

ANSWER It was something I had never seen and I immediately thought it was a UFO, because it appeared at any moment.

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail. 

ANSWER The object had a triangular or boomerang shape, metallic in color with something black, moving slowly and at a very low altitude.

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object. 

ANSWER I thought I was already seeing hallucinations, because suddenly it appeared for a few seconds and I could not believe what I was seeing at that moment.

6. How did you lose sight of the object? 

ANSWER Apparently it had an invisible camouflage, because first it appeared from nowhere, and then it started to appear and disappear as if it were a kind of hologram failing, and as it moved it disappeared into something like steam. I searched to see if he would ally on the other hand, but no, he disappeared in just a few seconds. It is as if his system of camouflage had failed and as it appeared, disappeared again.
