{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-09-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514948","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43233","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7590,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/948/mufon-5514948.json","updb_database_id":5514948}
(GS) total of 7 -8 objects witnessed, huge

in sept.of 1980 or 81, at approx. 7:pm. i answered the phone and my mother n law who lived below me asked me if the neighbor ralph was running his tractors late in the field as she saw what she thought were tractor lights. (she is looking up hill at our farmhouse) while looking out my window south, i told her i see several lights but they are not tractor lights. i hung up the phone, asked my spouse & nephew to come outside and look at these lights. Upon going outside we noticed 4 triangular dull grey objects hovering at tree top level approx 100-300ft.away. the objects then "zipped" straight up a short distance, then zipped back down to original tree top level, then "zipped" to thier right to left, and remained at tree top level. the movements were so fast, instantanious! My husband made sure we were quiet to see if we could hear anything which we could and did not. we could not see any trail or exaust of anykind. there was a full moon that evening and the only noticible sounds were all the dogs in the neighboring farms were barking & howling along with a flock of canadian geese squawking. because it was a full moon, the reflection was definately a dull grey metalic color, the outlines were triangular shape with "rounded" edges. on top of the objects was what i called a "dome" or bubble which was an opaque reddish color and on what i percieved to be the bottom center of the object was a brilliant white "strobe" light. Each "rounded" edge of the triangular object appeared to have a smaller white strobe. the center strobe flashed, the edge strobes were constant, no flashing. my nephew & I were absolutely mesmorized and i distinctly remember thinking "if you are from a Godly organization, this is wonderful and if you are from anything evil, God protect us!" my husband then said "what is that?" we all looked right (west)and directly across the road and at the end of the neighbors field (approx.50-75yds.) was a brilliant white strobe or "orb." it was decending slowly & appeared to hover about 3 ft. from the ground. I said to hold on and i ran into the house to get the telescope and mounted it on our mailbox with a small tri-pod to get a better look. when i looked at it, it appeared to be spinning in a circle. it definately had some reddish, orange and brilliant blue lights, it spun so fast it was like seeing tracers. my nephew & i walked back towards the house to look at the 4 triangular objects and my spouse stayed at the mailbox to look at the orb with telescope. as my nephew and i watched the 4 objects they slowly rose higher above tree top level simultaniously and proceeded to head somewhat south/west in a 10-11-12-1:00 oclock position and proceeded in that path or direction until we could see them no more. the only sound we could detect was just a "swish" or "whoosh" as they departed. I was so excited i called a nearby airport to see if they had any activity and they referred me to call 2 reps. from MUFON. I did and they said they would be there late as they were about 2 hrs. from me. I then called our good friend that lived in flint mich. and said he would be there in about 1/2 hr! i went back outside to check on spouse and he said "it just went black" couldnt see it at all! at approx. 8:30pm all three of us went back into house and was trying to assimilate this entire evening of events! my nephew & i drew pictures of what we saw and my spouse did later that evening as well. he was on crutches and it was difficult for him to move around freely. it didn't seem like to much time passed when our friend from flint arrived and over several pots of coffee we discussed all that we witnessed. He said he wished he could have been with us at the time. my nephew went back outside only to literally run back in the house to tell us "oh my god, thier back!" my nephew, myself, our friend from flint all ran out while my spouse was "bringing up the rear due to crutches!" none of us saw the 4 triangular objects rather the brilliant white "orb" was across the road and field again, while my spouse and myself were looking through the telescope, i heard my nephew and friend in the yard talking and making racket, i asked them "what are you looking at?" they pointed almost straight above us, and about a mile perhaps up in the sky were 2 bright objects somewhat "modern chandilier tier" shape, were blinking, flashing like crazy! it was a spectrum of the rainbow! one would "flash" then the other one would flash! never at the same time! all we could say was "wow!" our friend from flint commented it reminded him of a ball caught between two things in a pinball machine!" this is how fast the blinking sequences were! my spouse then hollered at me the orb object just went back again and when we looked up again the 2 objects were gone as well. once again we went back into the house, drank more coffee and were just astonished as to what we had witnessed! we were getting anxious for the 2 MUFON reps. to get there so my nephew and i decided to walk back outside while my spouse and friend made some phone calls inside. when my nephew and i looked up, we saw what we presumed to be, the underside of one of the triangular object we saw first! it was passing right over our farmhouse! and i mean close! like only add 2 more stories to our already existing 2 story house! i said, hang on, we need to see this more clearly..i grabbed both rifles with scopes and my nephew and i looked directly at it! it was moving very, very slowly and i could see on each "rounded bottom side edge" of the object a round dark circle and the strobe at center was really bright! didn't notice the stationary lights, not sure if they were there or not. my nephew said "maybe we shouldnt be looking at them with a firearm!" i remember chuckling thinking "they know we mean them no harm" this would be a pop gun to them anyways! about that time the phone rang and it was the MUFON reps i think, and they came around possibly the next day or within a few days thereafter. when they came we all concured about the same things and when we drew a picture of the "underside" of the triangular object, they showed me a picture that was EXACTLY the same thing as a sheriff in Minn. witnessed! wow! that for the most part was the light show and experience of my life and approx. a week after this event, i made the mistake of pondering "omg....what or who was piloting the crafts???" just facinating! I know and believe UFOs are real! from where and whom, will forever remain a mystery & fasination for me. the only thing i have noticed is for what ever reason if i see a "lime green" colored light zip or streak through the sky, i do not like the feeling...for some reason i feel it is a threat or evil. don't ask me, i cant explain it eithor! thank you for your time....this original report SHOULD be listed with MUFON yet i cannot locate it! thank you for your time & interest!
