{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-02-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484948","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74851","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2851,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/948/mufon-5484948.json","updb_database_id":5484948}
Constelation moving fast throw the sky, that slowed down above me.

I went over to my dad house to say good night and as I left the house to come back to mine I looked over to the sky and was just remembering about how I used to look at the stars in England and think I wish I was home and I noticed a really bright redish star, it was moving really fast and as I focused on it I saw that there was multiple stars moving the same speed and direction, there was a red big bright one, and several white smaller ones that were less visible and sometimes it would look like they desappeared and another would shine. There was also a moment where It looked like the stars shaped into a Y. It looked like a constelation moving. I got really curious and kept looking at it, thinking what could it be, it was moving towards me, and I couldnt think about an explanation for what I was seeing, satelites dont move together like that, it was more than 10 stars (if it was stars) I'm still looking for a rational explanation.. One that can be justified without making me sound crazy, anyways I started getting really nervous as it was moving towards me, when it was getting really close to me it slowed down what made me really scared and nervous so I just ran inside the house. I kinda felt like it knew I was staring at it. It was around 20:00 (1:30h ago) and it lasted around 5-10 minutes, I told my boyfriend and my uncle but they didnt really took me serious, or they just didnt care too much about it, I went outside again after talking to them and there was no more moving constelation. I might just be losing my mind but I'm sure I'm not seeing things that aren't there.
I just wanna know if there is any logical scientific explanation to this, or if anyone as seen the same because I hate not knowing things, unknowing things scares me and I wanna have an explanation so I wont be scared, and a matter of fact I've studied a lot and researched a lot about astronomy (i mean about the universe and not really UFO's) I believe we are not alone but I kinda believe that if there's life out there would be bacterial or something alike, not inteligent life and it doesn't fit in any of the possibilities I would normally think of if someone would tell me they seen what I've seen.
