{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-11-27 18:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470009","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90494","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3235,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/009/mufon-5470009.json","updb_database_id":5470009}
UFO object captured on a cell phone during the day.

On a trip to the state of S1o Paulo / Brazil, upon arriving at the residence, he went to enjoy the sunset together with a friend who lives there.
Watching the sunset, I lifted the cell phone with the camera pointed toward it and fired.
At first, I did not have the perception of the object inserted in the image. Only days later when I unloaded it on the computer and enlarged it, I realized that it was something unusual to the scenario mentioned.
My eyes did not capture the object at the moment, but only the camera. But the object was very close, I believe, about 5 m (16.4 ft) from my location. There was no noise and no movement of air. Its shape was circular, with a well-shaped profile and a dome at the top. Its coloration was completely pink (this tonality may be due to be against the sun).
But an intriguing fact is when I tried to work the original image, using the technique of saturation (removal of brightness). I could see clearly in its upper part in the mentioned dome the presence of hatches and in the inferior part a great circle, as well as also of the peripheral sense two lateral holes.
But it seems to me that its profile is triangular in its base, and not circular as in the original photo.
By local reference objects, I could have an approximate idea of its size in which it is from 2.8 to 3.2 m (9.2 to 10.5 feet).
My feelings were in the first place of much apprehension and more revelations. For from my childhood I am besieged by singular situations. Even in similar to this fact now exposed in my residence in the Amazon, where I have observed lights. As can be seen on the website I portrayed at the time:
[Link and info moved to FI Section/cms/tg]
But there is something peculiar about me, since I was a child, I am an admirer of the UFO phenomenon. For my first experience, at the age of 14 to 15, inside my house, I had the opportunity to see for a time a large orbis (light ball of green light with concentrated light), in motion, where it went up to the height of my chest at close range. And when I move to get it, it evacuated at great speed, through the original entry point into the enclosure.
