{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-07 23:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497009","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62367","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3153,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/009/mufon-5497009.json","updb_database_id":5497009}
2 Semi Transparent Pulsating Globes above tree tops

We live in a quiet area and had invited our friends and their children over for the evening. It was 2330 and my friends were making their way out the door to the car and I heard a shout " What the heck it that?". I was on my way up the stairs and heard my husband shout "quickly get out here and see this". As soon as I got to the door I could see both families (numbering 7 people) staring up at the sky ahead of them.

What I saw was without a doubt something that didn't come from the technology we have. I am ex military and know that we are not that far advanced. Hovering above the house to the left of us were 2 objects shimmering in the night sky, roughly the size of a transit van and just sitting above one of our neighbours roofs. They were hovering one on top of the other with around a 4 metres separating them. They were transparent with very defined v shaped orange shapes in the bottom half, whilst the top halves were see-through. 

If you imagine the moving shape of a kids bubble blowing mixture, how it changes shape but always seems to remain spherical then you get the idea, they were almost organic. One thing I remember most strongly is although the shape constantly moved the objects had very clearly defined outer walls which were thicker than the rest of the shape.This looked like it was holding the whole thing together, and controlled the shape dimensions. Later on reflection I thought it looked and behaved like liquid mercury.

We all stood watching the 2 objects for around 10 minutes (by now 8 of us, 4 adults and 4 children/teens) and the younger ones began to get frightened. We put the youngest children back into the house and tried to keep looking, not wanting the object to disappear because it was absolutely facinating and I knew that this was a once in a lifetime thing.

Whilst I watched the object I absolutely got the impression that we were watching them and they were watching us. After 10 minutes the objects suddenly made a movement as though a switch was flicked they moved to the left in absolute unison and the top sphere took an angle sharper than the bottom and they both shot off into the night sky and disappeared into the stars. This took a couple of seconds to achieve. My husband managed to get a photo of them when they took off and they show as v shaped objects with the background of my neighbours house in the shot. They were spheres at ground level and v shaped rising into the atmosphere.

Absolutely amazing and scary at the same time!
