{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475009","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85294","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2702,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/009/mufon-5475009.json","updb_database_id":5475009}
{rjl} Saw four (4) beams of light in this order

I was in bed sleeping at the time. The brightness if the lights woke me up somewhere between 4:30am and 5am. 

The bright lights woke me up and when I opened my eyes instantly I saw the beams of light and reached for my phone to take pics. 

When I first saw the beams of light I immediately thought it was an E.T. ship because I have never seen anything like it before. 

When I woke up the beams of light were already beaming from the street corner to well past my driveway, a half mile from the corner. The beams of light were twisting over each other and "shooting" from the street corner. As soon as I reached for my phone to take pics the beams of light started disappearing or for lack of better words "disintegrating". I managed to take around a dozen pics (+/-) before it was gone. As I was raking pics the beams of light went away and the remainder of lights and ship ascended into the sky to blend in with the clouds and rising sun. There was no sound or wind of any kind.

When I woke up to the bright beams of light that were in this formation "::"into was immediately alert and thought E.T. and grabbed my phone to catch 0ics of the light beams. Because the light was fading fast I was disappointed that I could not get better pics but excited to see what I saw. 

I lost sight of the object when the object and it's bright beams of light ascended into the clouds and blended in with the clouds that were already starting to reflect the rising sun reflecting on the clouds. 

I could tell the beams of light were not in the sky because I could see the lights between the trees, which in this area the trees are short like over grown bushes. If the pics are looked at carefully(because of being dark) you can see the beams of light in the road on on the other to side if my defence which there is a tree next to the fence.

I'm simply adding that for some reason I am not able to add my pics. When I click on the button to add it doesn't do anything but light up, doesn't give me the option to do anything. I would have left several.
