{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-02-21 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465009","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95790","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2538,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/009/mufon-5465009.json","updb_database_id":5465009}
Travelled West and then stopped and made a right angle turnto the south west and was gone

We were travelling highway # 6 north to Saskatoon for a wedding. It was after work and dark already as it was February. We had a Volkswagen and it's heaters blow right in your face. I get motion sickness and the heat did not help. I leaned against the side window to cool my face down and stop the motion sickness feeling. I was watching the stars. One was moving in a straight line to the west. I thought that it was probably a satellite and I watched expecting to see more indication of that. It didn't change it was like a star moving along by itself. I thought to my self that maybe it wasn't a satellite. Maybe it was some other thing I wasn't aware of that orbits the earth. I told my fianc1 whom was driving that I don't know what I was seeing but maybe it was a UFO. He was sceptical, but then the object stopped turned an instant right angle turn to the south and was gone in a flash. It was as if they had heard me and did not want to be detected. That seemed impossible but it was just as I spoke about what I might be seeing that it was gone with that unreal turn. There was no turning motion it just stopped and went the other way. I just can't forget this and I thought it might add to your statistics for the time. I have since seen a satelite pass overhead at night and they are huge. There is no way what I saw was a satelite. The satelite looks so slow and obvious as to what it is that I was astonished at how well I coud see it. I have heard from friends whom live in the south west corner of the province that have had scorched marks in their fields. I can not prove this but I beleive it was about the time of the cow guttings in Alberta. The south west corner of our province was lightly populated at the time. So make of it what you will but as I said I can not forget it. That direction change was so unbelievable.
