{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-08-31 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285009","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118403","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2459,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/009/mufon-5285009.json","updb_database_id":5285009}
UFO with revolving/changing lights {triangle pattern} flew over us from across the harbor, and then did an abrupt u-turn and disappeared behind a tree

A friend and I first noticed a pattern of lights that were in a triangle, then those white lights proceeded to disperse and flash on and off.  During that time, my friend noticed across the harbor that there was a yellow light hovering above all of the other street lights.  It remained roughly 30 stories in the air away from any other street lights or lighthouse lights for at least 20 minutes, then it moved roughly 20-40 yards away from where it was, and hovered there for a while. It was disappearing and reappearing throughout this period.  

Maybe another 15 minutes later, it began coming towards us. I'd say 300-500 feet above us at times.  As it approached us, the lights seemed to move and alternate. It went from being a purely yellow light to having different configurations of white, red, and yellow lights. The red and white lights seemed to cover a lot of area of the water, more powerfully than a spotlight would. It was dark. At times, the lights allowed for it to look like a saucer, but as the light configurations changed, and it became closer to us, it looked to me like a jumbo jet that had 4 wings, or a hexagonal shape.  As it went over us, there was a buzzing of an engine, humming, almost like a lawnmower, but it had been quiet before that, and I felt like it had been turned on in mid air, rather than being a noise that we only heard within hearing range.  

The object flew over us, and over highway 2, only to make an abrupt U turn, and disappear behind a tree at a significant speed, where I felt that it would have had to keep with inertia and the law of physics if it were a regular manmade phenomena. Instead it disappeared behind a tree, and did not come out the other side.
