{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-08-26 20:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485009","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74789","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3711,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/009/mufon-5485009.json","updb_database_id":5485009}
{rjl} large oval shaped object with little objects dropping from it

It was a summer evening my stepmother was watching the river as she always did at night time she started screaming for us kids to come out and look at what she was watching in the sky as myself and two stepbrothers ran into the front porch we witnessed a huge oval shaped object hovering above the water approximately 300 feet above the water the object was approximately 3 to 500 feet long and had bright white lights surrounding the object. There were white lights approximately 10 to 50 feet wide they came out from the center of the craft straight down to the water and hover over the water for approximately 5 to 15 seconds before shooting off at a 25-to-35-degree angle in a southwest direction when these crafts left the water, they were gone in a blink of an eye and left a light trail behind them. We watched the object come out of the center of the big craft one by one for approximately 10 to 15 minutes. There were approximately 25 to 35 objects they came out from the center of the big craft once the last object left the craft the big craft it then hovered over the water for approximately five more minutes then drifted slowly and a southeast direction flying almost directly above our house when the object was passed our house it made no sound there were no noise no vibration nothing all the lights turned off and the craft shot upwards at an extremely high rate of speed and the craft disappeared into the night sky. 

For the next month or two we all sat out on the porch looking for these lights again we did not ever see any other lights in the same area. It appeared to us the crafts that came out of the center of a large object and drop down to the water it was almost like they were getting water for fuel or something. There was no sound whatsoever and to this day it has messed with my head tremendously. 

I don't tell people what I saw for fear of being ridiculed. I know what my stepmother my two brothers and myself witness there was a TV show called operation bluebook that we tried to contact to let them know about the UFOs that we witnessed. We called the local authorities to report the incident as well and no one ever contacted us back. Over the next few weeks, I asked other people in the neighborhood if they had witnessed anything, and one older gentleman said he saw exactly what we saw. I have tried doing some research to see if anyone else on either side of the Chesapeake Bay have witnessed the same exact thing that we saw, and I have not been able to find anything. The area that we saw all these objects is at the top of the Chesapeake Bay where the bay meets the rivers by Turkey point. Aberdeen Proving Ground is directly across from our old house but there was nothing ever like this before or after.
