{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-27 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499009","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60144","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2556,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/009/mufon-5499009.json","updb_database_id":5499009}
{cak} my daughter looked up at the sky and saw a strange object flying really fast, then stopped moving then flew again

she was at a friends house. they were all outside making smores and dancing to music.Her friends sibling was playing a video game and my daughter was singing along to a song as her friend looked inside her garage. My daughter felt a weird need to look up at the night sky for some reason,like she would miss something if she didn't,so she did. A few moments after she looked up she saw a Bright blue-white object in the sky. it was really high up in the sky that from were she was it looked really small. The object was only flew for about a second until it stopped flying and just hoverd high up in the sky over her friends house and blinked twice. My daughter was frozen in shock but she managed to touch her friends shoulder as she watched the sky. The object after blinking twice seemed to be brighter and in less then a second was out of sight.Her friend turned around and my daughter turned to face her for a quick second and pointed at the sky and yelled "did ANYONE see that" she and her sibling both said no and my daughter started to explain what she saw. As she did so, she looked up at the sky and out of no where they both see the sky where she saw the object turn a bright blue-white color.It blinked about three times then stopped. The sky was back to its dark color and we could see stars again.
For some odd reason my daughters body wouldn't allow her to stop shaking and she was breathing heavy. she felt a strong bad vibe come from the object she saw and it only got stronger when her friend and her saw the sky change color. her friend told her she was shaking really fast and my daughter felt light headed. she told her friend they need to get back inside because she didn't feel safe. Her friend agreed and they quickly ran inside where my daughters whole body just relaxed she could breath better and she stopped shaking.
