{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-15 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530009","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25491","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3800,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/009/mufon-5530009.json","updb_database_id":5530009}
It was rectangular in the front and seemed to be sphere like when the lites were on

The other night a friend and I were driving back to his place at approx. 2:30am. 

He points our what he says is a UFO to me and I tell him from my point of view it looks like a plane, with the normal blinking light on the wing.

However, when we pull up to a red light around 30 seconds later the object (which now I will refer to a UFO) was much closer and at a lower altitude than just moments before. Not only that but there were 2 lights blinking now one white and the other red (red light was on the right side, white was on the left). 

The UFO was just hovering silently and seemed to be a fairly large size although it was pitch dark and my only perception of it's size determined by the distance of the blinking lights. I was able to make our it was concave on the sides making it a rounded object when the lights would blink, to give an approximate size I'd say maybe 50-75ft across (although as I said it was hard since it was dark). The UFO did not hover the entire time we were at the red light, at one point it darted from left to right quickly then was stationary again - I know there is no 'publicly' known aircraft that can do this so I will remain calling this a UFO until I am told otherwise. 

That was just the beginning of the night however... 

After we got back to his place we were outside having a cigarette when I saw a light through the treeline that was moving. The light was a somewhat dull yellow however it was large in the shape of a rounded rectangle and bright enough you could see it was circular on either side (as in it was definitely 3 dimensional and not a stationary light facing us). This UFO was so low it was literally just above the treeline farther out - unfortunately the treeline by his house is so thick I only got a full view of it for about 30 seconds until it started moving slowly in the northwest direction. I kept seeing the UFO partly as it moved left NW - eventually it disappeared from our view (this happened quickly, not enough time to grab a camera or anything unfortunately although I really wish I had some footage because it was an amazing experience).

So, to sum this up, the first UFO had 2 blinking lights was stationary at first then darted west then back eastward very quickly - almost like it jumped/teleported.

The second UFO which was seen later on in that early morning (approx. time 4-5am, was before the sun rise), had what looked like a dim yellow 'bar' like light in the front but it was bright enough to reveal it was curved on the sides (I couldn't make out the entire shape but I know it was curved on both sides) - this second UFO moved silently through the tree line at an exact speed very low to the ground.

I decided to share this because I posted it on a forum and got responses saying others saw UFO's that same night/morning in PA and other East Coast states.

I apologize for not having any pictures or video but I honestly didn't expect to be seeing anything nor did I have time to get a camera even if I wanted too.

I will keep an eye out with a camera for now on when I'm planning on being outside for a bit.
