{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-09 03:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503210","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55752","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2901,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/210/mufon-5503210.json","updb_database_id":5503210}
{rjl} Cigar shaped object with 5 lights under fuselage flew over head around 3am. No lights on wings if there where any wings at all.

On or around April 9, around 3 am, I was letting my dogs out at my lake house in Brighton, MI on Round Lake. My memory is a bit hazy on exact details since i had just woken from a deep sleep. but i was definitely awake and coherent; i just didn't think that exact details where important at the time. I was standing at the end of my porch, facing east over the lake, when what i thought was an airplane fly over (i feel that it was making a sound but am not totally sure. if it was, it was not loud enough to make much of an impact on my memory. the lights are what got my attention). At the time, I thought it was just an airplane but it had some unusual features which prompted me to record a short note to remind me in the morning. It had i think 5 white lights under it's fuselage and no lights on its wings. I am not actually sure if it had wings at all. But if it did, there where no lights on the tips. The white lights where constant. They reminded me of giant LED's. The object flew over head in an easterly direction. It did seem to be flying at a slower rate than a plane would. It was close enough to see a shadowy outline of the body (cigar) but again, I don't recall for sure if it had wings. It flew in the same direction for about 7 seconds and may have ascended a bit in a NE direction at the end. At that point, I believe i started attending to my dogs and lost sight of the object. I do not know or remember where it went from there. I then went inside, wrote down "airplane with no light wings" on my cell phone note book and went to sleep.
I meant to tell people about the sighting but it just never came up and I never made it a point. I figured it was just an unusual plane. about a week or two after the sighting though, i was watching an episode of close encounters. The UFO they were describing in this particular segment was eerily similar to what I saw a couple weeks before. It completely jogged my memory. I remember saying "holy @#$%, that's what i saw!". I was watching with my parents and told them my encounter. My dad seeded to think that there are definitely no planes like that. He believes i saw a UFO. And this is why I'm reporting it.
