{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-08-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484210","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75628","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2488,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/210/mufon-5484210.json","updb_database_id":5484210}
{nd} Did not observe vehicle actualflight.

I was taking photos of a double rainbow, just after a thunderstorm. I took several photos, about 6 . I was directly across the street from the national cometary. I did not notice the object when photographed. I took the film to be developed at the fox one hour kiosk in Albuquerque new Mexico. When I went through the photos is when I saw this object in just one photograph. 

I took the photo to sun spot observatory in new Mexico. They told me that I was about 500 feet from the object. They told me that the object was going at least 500 mph. They told me that shadows were consistent with all other objects in the photograph. They told me that the camera I was using, a Kodak instamatic, that this photograph could not have been faked. They told me not to show it to people, because I could get into trouble. I went to Kirtland air force base, where a friend of mine was a helicopter mechanic, and I showed the picture to some pilots. They became very angry with me, and told me to get the hell off the base, and that if I ever came back there again, they would report me to base security. One pilot told me that I was a trouble maker, and that he was going to inform base security of my address and have me put in jail. I did not go to jail, and no one ever contacted me about the photograph. About two weeks later, I gave the photograph, original, to a man named Dr. Greer. He told me that he had friends in the area that would examine the photo and that he would contact me in about two weeks to tell me about what it was. I never heard back from Dr. Greer. In the past years I have attempted to contact Dr. Greer, but he has never returned my phone calls. I also sent a copy to a man, Dr. Stanton Freidman. He told me that the photo was interesting.
