{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-01-04 03:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456210","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105387","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4224,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/210/mufon-5456210.json","updb_database_id":5456210}
my good friend from mexico sent me these videos and is explaining what he saw.

My friend from school growing up who lives in Mexico now, sent me some videos with sounds and strange lights. He really has no reason to tell me this, but he looks a little shaken up as he's telling me his story. He's sent me some videos of lights that he took from right outside of his home. He says that he saw lights that were hovering over up in the sky at around 3am. He lives in a rural town outside of Acapulco, Guerrero Mexico called La Venta. He tells me that because the town is small and poor that it gets really dark at night. He tells me that he recorded sighting with his tablet but that quality doesn't justify what he saw and what came next. He says that he felt the lights notice that he was taking video of them and that what was yellow/blueish lights turned dark blue, like a dark light sort of. Then he says they focused on him. He tells me he felt fear and he immediately went inside his shed. He says that there was a beam of light that it hit the roof of his shed and it felt to him like if it was trying to lift the shed. He looked outside to see what could possibly be and that he noticed the light took a form of an angry shape and that he thought he saw what seems to be two beings outside his window. He described a being that looked feminine thing but that she looked like a snake because it had a tail. She was less than 10 feet away. The other being was maybe 20-30 feet about 7 feet tall. He describes it as like two individuals merged together with two heads. He says he looked like a big wrestler with huge arms and an extra arm coming out of his back. After seeing thins, he says he hid in terror on one of the corners of his house under a blanket. He says he slowly crawled and checked outside the window about 3 times and he says those creatures were still there waiting. he says that he even focused his eyes as he was looking outside because it was dark and he even thought he was going crazy, but he says that they were outside waiting. He says that it was dark but getting to be morning and that he knew that people start moving outside with flashlights to go to work. So the 4th time he looked outside he saw some flashlight of a guy who was going to work. He got the courage he says to grab his keys and run to him and tell him what had happened. The guy says he walks through there every morning to go to work and that he's never seen anything like what he just described. He says that he also saw another person who's his neighbor but that they dismissed him right away. My friend said that he stayed awake all day and that he went to some friends and showed them the videos and told them the whole story. Most of the friends were skeptical of his story but did say that they've seen stuff too but not as hardcore as how his story sounds. He then went to his grandmas and told them the story too but that they dismissed it as crazy stories because the video is bad. My friend said that he came back to his house around 6pm that night and didn't wake up until 1pm then next day, to where he called me on Facebook messenger and explain the whole thing to me. All this I'm saying because I believe he thinks he saw this. He says that everything happen between 3am - 5am so its kinda hard to take this without skepticism, but my this friend has no reason to lie to me or make this up. I'm not giving justice to the story he just told me so and I've told him I'd look into someone that might be interested in hearing it. so I hope he can tell what he saw to someone that will listen. Thank you for your time.
