{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514210","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44019","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4663,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/210/mufon-5514210.json","updb_database_id":5514210}
{cak} Silent V-Shaped Craft Observed Over Brooklyn!

I live in Brooklyn, New York. Right across the East River in Williamsburg, giving me a clean shot of the Lower East Side, Manhattan and the surrounding skyline from the roof top of my apartment building. To the Northeast I can see the Queens-based La Guardia airport and almost directly South is JFK. I sit outside a few times every night to have a cigarette and pay very close attention to the sky and I know what conventional aircraft look like. Since it1s NYC I1ve seen plenty of military craft as well, aircraft that the normal Joe-Schmoe doesn1t see every day. Anything from F16 Fighter Jets, Sikorsky VH-3D Helicopters (when the President is in town), Chinook helicopters and once I even saw an Osprey flying over the East River Harbor. Long story short, I1m very used to seeing unconventional craft in the sky as well. 

I stepped outside onto my roof for a cigarette around 12:30am, as I normally do (since I don1t smoke inside my apartment) and when I looked up, I noticed how bright the stars were. There aren1t many nights in New York City when the stars are visible. There wasn1t a cloud in the sky and I was enjoying being able to see Orion1s Belt as I puffed away. Then it came into my line of vision. A very mysterious craft or UFO that flew directly over my head! Now I can see planes flying into both Airports nearby and not once has any commercial flight flown directly overhead of my building. If this craft was the size of a normal commercial flight, then it was flying at a severely low altitude.  It was very hard to comprehend the size, especially because there was no noise. If it was a large commercial flight then it was way too low for FAA regulations, especially this close to Ground Zero (9/11). The best explanation from what I directly witnessed, is it was flying at a high altitude and was just immensely huge, possibly the length of a football field. It was in my line of vision for around 7-10 seconds before it disappeared behind the Williamsburg Bridge. I ran down the fire escape on the side of my building praying that I would catch a glimpse of it again once it passed the bridge, or at least see some FAA lights. Nothing. It was gone, as so were my chances to photograph it. 

The best way to describe it is the typical V-Shape that is pretty common in UFO sightings. There were 5 lights. One at the tip, then two down each side, perfectly symmetrical and at a perfect angle. The lights were very large, circular and the light emitted was diffused, almost as if they were behind a haze. Remember it was clear enough to see Orion1s Belt directly across from Manhattan, so it was a crystal clear night. Other planes that were further away by miles had sharper looking lights and were more visible.  I was glad that I was looking at the stars or I would have never seen it because of how muted it was. There were NO FAA lights on it whatsoever. No headlights, no beacon lights, no red lights and definitely nothing flashing. The lights that were present were a very soft white-yellowish color and did NOT flash. The body looked to follow the contours of the lights although it was hard to make out a solid surface. It was almost like you could see through the craft while just making out the signatures of its edges but I couldn1t see the stars behind it. There was no sound what so ever. It seemed to fly at a high speed very effortlessly. 

When I had realized what I had seen it took my breath away. My heart jumped straight up into my throat and I actually had a hard time breathing for a minute and I think I mumbled the 1f1 word to myself a few times. I am 100% convinced that what I saw, I was not supposed to have seen. It was very faint, lasted only for a few seconds, and was unlike anything I1ve ever seen in the night sky or in my life for that matter. I1m not saying that it was extraterrestrial, but if it wasn1t then it was some sort of top-secret aircraft that hasn1t been disclosed by the government. It is something that I will remember for the rest of my life.
