{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-02 17:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290822","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112516","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2559,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/822/mufon-5290822.json","updb_database_id":5290822}
I viewed approximately 15 or more objects traveling in a nearly straight-line from the southwest to the northeast.

On 12-2-2020 at approximately 5:45 pm I was walking back from collecting our mail (facing south), I looked up to see Mars and I observed a line of lights (more than 10 objects) moving in a nearly straight line. They appeared to be spaced at fairly even intervals and made no noise, nor did they seem to have navigation lights on them. When I saw them they were at about 12 o'clock and moving from a southwesterly direction toward an north-north easterly direction. From my vantage point they appeared to be moving in a line above Mars and above the Pleiades towards Perseus. I was startled by what I was witnessing, so I stopped at my neighbors house (Pat Moore) and asked him to come out and look at them. He was also a witness for the 10 or so of the lights we could see. As they travelled northeast near Perseus they began to fade out. What struck us both was how quickly the line of objects appeared to move as they faded out of view while moving to the northeast.
We stood in the street talking for several minutes afterwards discussing what we saw. Around 10 minutes into our conversation we looked towards mars and we witnessed 2 more much brighter objects that moved a fairly short distance near Mars and they both eventually faded out completely. I was surprised by this because my observations of satellites in the past are that their brightness is generally consistent and the direction of flight is direct and linear. 
I have never witnessed anything even similar to this in my many years of watching stars and studying planets. I suspect that these may have been communications satellites or possibly military aircraft. We are quite near the flight path of the Marine Corp Air Station at Miramar, and I witness a lot of F18 activity and other assorted military and civilian aircraft. But these were something quite different, in my opinion.
