{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-07-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499822","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59306","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6974,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/822/mufon-5499822.json","updb_database_id":5499822}
{jd} Saw lights, got closer, craft was sitting above gas station. Started to follow me. Telephone wire high.

Main Encounter: July 2007
I was on my way home from a friends house. It was early summer night. I was approaching the intersection near my home and noticed bright lights up ahead near the gas station. I first believed it was a plane or helicopter and thought that it was strange for anything to be that low to the ground and since it was not moving I thought helicopter, and on second thought I thought the gas station might have been doing construction on their roof. I pulled up to the light and realized it was not a helicopter or construction. I looked at the clock, it was 12:03 and I immediately turned off the radio and air condition and rolled my windows down to get a better view. I grabbed for my phone immediately to take a photo and it would not work I attempted to power it back on, when just a few minutes prior i had full battery and the phone was operational. The thought in my head was this is a million dollar photo and I have to get it! It was off. Dead. I was freaking out and looked around the intersection to see if other cars were around to take notice. Nobody was around. My light was red so I hung out of my window in awe. The craft was triangular with 3 white dishes of the purest most brightest beautiful white light I have ever seen. The light appeared to be contained within the dishes and there was no sign of illumination below or around it. The triangular shape of the 3 dishes if on an airplane would signify that the craft was facing East. I was heading South. The white dishes that glowed appeared to be what quartz crystal looks like when it is activated by frequency. Glowing, bright within itself. The three large dishes took up a lot of the bottom side of the craft and in the center of the 3 lights was a tiny blinking red light. I noticed the craft was made out of some non reflective black metal or so it appeared and there was detailed engraving like lines on it. I was more focused on the lights. The creepy thing about this whole experience was that the craft was silent. You could hear the summer breeze and nothing else. The sound must have been out my hearing range. Keep in mind the craft was so low to the roof of the gas station that if you were at the gas station and looked up you would not have seen it.

My light turns green. Nobody is around so I begin to idle through the light still hanging out of my window watching in shock. Moving at about 3 mile an hour I get half way through the intersection when the craft begins to move what appears to be backwards, along the road with me at about 5 feet above the telephone wires. Now I am more scared. Freaking out, I know my house street is a few hundred feet ahead on the right. I contemplate turning home or keep going. I was so scared that there was a possibility that I might not return so I decide not to chance it. Still to this day I wish I would have. They were obviously aware of me. So myself and the craft are moving slowly down the main road and I reach my street where I turn on praying I can see it from my driveway. I turn and the craft keeps going. I am home and shaking. I cut the power to my vehicle and every light on my dashboard illuminates. Not realizing what was going on with it I jump out of the car and look into the sky to see if I can see it. My headlights remain on. I run inside nervous, panicked and scared and my folks are asleep. I run upstairs to my room and to calm myself down I turn the television on for background noise so I can collect my thoughts on what the hell just had happened. This is eery. Possibly a coincidence I think otherwise. The television is on Nick at Nite and Home Improvement is on. Tim is out back talking to his neighbor. The first noise that comes out of the television when I turned it on was "So Tim, you're telling me you saw a UFO". Right there did me in. I shut the tv off and tried to go to sleep.

The next morning I tried calling some friends to let them know what had happened. My phone would not call out. The whole rest of the weekend I could not call out nor could I receive any calls in. I ended up taking my phone to the dealer and they said that it was fried and I had to purchase a brand new one. Also, that weekend I had to jump my car every time I was going to use it. Never once before had to do that because it was fairly new and in great condition and now in one weekend I had to jump it about 26 times. My father and I took it to the shop monday and they explained that all of the electrical boards and sensors were fried and had to be replaced. 

Between the television, my phone, my car, and the actual experience I am a true believer of ufos and aliens. Also, for a while I was obsessed with getting answers for what had happened to me for some type of closure and some of my research led me to find out that the time "12:03" has symbolism meaning of an "encounter" strange to me I thought. And it is obvious that they do emit EMP from my electrical failures.

Encounter 2: August, 2007
Also, that same summer around 3am, I witnessed a small maybe 4.5 foot creature that was solid snow white and naked jump from a bush to my roof landing in a crouching position where it glared down on me with a snow white owl face. I immediately vacated the premises. Keep in mind this is a two story home. So one quick blurry leap at about 30 feet with ease. I prayed that it was an owl and my vision was playing tricks on me, but when I googled white owls they were much smaller than what I saw. My neighbor was with me but the noise of the bush rustling scared her because it was about 12 feet away from us and she never looked to see what it was. I wish she had.

Encounter 3: November 2007
Another encounter had witnesses. It was thanksgiving and a few of my family members noticed white orbs in the back yard. I thought it was car lights reflecting off of the the neighbors windows. My curiosity got me, and I ran outside into the backyard through the snow and the orbs were not near the window, but were in the middle of the yard about 5 feet off of the ground. As I got outside, there was about 6-7 white orbs and they were dancing around each other and one by one, they dissolved and disappeared before I could get a photo. There was about 4 witnesses on this encounter.
