{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-10 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508822","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49630","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3647,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/822/mufon-5508822.json","updb_database_id":5508822}
{cak} light floated up out of woods then took direct path toward larger town

My cousin and I went fishing at my Wifes cousins house less than 1/4 mile from my house. We live in the country and our family owns most of the property around our house and where we was fishing. My cousin and I had been fishing for about 20 minutes without a bite. As we was talking i noticed something out of my left eye. My first thought when i saw the light is. What the hell is someone doing in the woods lighting off chinese lanterns. Then i realized where the light lifted out of the woods its to dense for a lantern to have made it through the canopy of the woods. I asked my cousin what it was. He remarked I don't know and i don't want to know. We both concluded it wasnt a lantern. It raised out of the woods in a zig zag patern. Very slowly, no sound what so ever. The only sounds you could hear that night was the highway about 3/4s of mile away from where we was at. I told my cousin we needed more people to see it. So i turned to run towards the house to get my wifes cousin and her 2 daughters. As i turned my cousin yelled. The object stoped moving and was now just floating over the woods. And was not moving. The light was pulsing very slowly. I hammered on the back door of the house. They all 3 came to the door i franticly pointed and told them it had just lifted out of the woods. Ill never forget the look on the moms face. She was not shocked at all, just scared. She said " We don't mess with it, and we are not coming outside" I said you see it right? She replied yes and they went inside. As i started walking back to my cousin who was still by the pond gathering his things. It slowly started making its way south southwest towards my best guess would be Gas City, IN. We watched it untill it was out of site. We went back to my house and told my wife. She naturally didn't belive us. She called her cousin and they verified our story. Twenty minutes after arriving at my house and telling my wife. The A-10s started flying over our house. Breaking east just south of our house, not thier typical flight path from what we see. And i told my wife i thought it was kinda late for them to be doing a night training flight. I was an aviation electrician in the navy for 5 years working on F/A-18C. A-10s fly over our house from the airforce base in Fort wayne, IN often. This was nothing i had ever saw in my time in the service or out of the service. It had no port or starboard green and red lights. The only thing that even resembled an aircraft was the slow pulsing red light. That i said was similar to an anti collision light on human aircraft. I had never saw anything like it until that august. I and 100 percent certain it was not a man made aircraft, weather balloon, or anything of that nature. It wasnt carried away by the breeze. It was very clear out that night with alot of stars out. My wifes cousin sees the light over the woods often. I havent saw it since that night. But thats because i will not be outside at night at her house.
