{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-10-17 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494822","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64636","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3578,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/822/mufon-5494822.json","updb_database_id":5494822}
{cak} Amber lighted wing 75 foot wide at treetop level, low and slow (15 mph) sailed over my head.

On a smoke-haze evening (Fires were burning in Virginia, effecting metro north NYC area according to news that day/night, a Friday) I drove east on Rte 15, from Stamford returning home to Norwalk where I lived at the time. I was a surveyor technician and was alone in the PU truck, it was about 7:15 pm. Within 1000 feet of my exit, 38, I saw the top of what looked like a flying carnival, and at that time the object was level with me or slightly below, moving north. Quickly, I was at the hard right exit, which turns the motorist around facing west at a stop sign at rte 123 and the wing approached, was over my head in seconds, and continued north over and following rte 123, low and slow. It was a delta shape, 75 feet wide, the approx. interior wing angle of the stealth bomber. The amber lights were not exceptionally bright. It wasn't lighting fixtures, the whole object was a lit amber. I was in traffic, I was turning left and I could kick myself for not following it north up rte 123. I was in a hurry to get home for personal reasons and I drove south. It was silent, did not create any effect on trees, air, anything. On the way south down 123, I saw a stippled group of lighted dots, vaguely, high above. Reds and greens, very subtle, and when I reported it by phone to CUFOS that night, I indicated that those might have been reflections of a large construction project, the extension of a highway (rte 7) in Norwalk/Wilton. But through the years, I have seen videos similar to that group of lights (the Jerusalem vid at dome of the rock, the long version, has similar lights as sentinels, seemingly.) I feel these lights were connected somehow to the wing that I could have hit with a stone.
I had a strange synchronicity/coincidence an hour later. I told CUFOs I was "in Kennedy (airport) airspace but this was no plane". Minutes later, a long time friend left a message on my tape answering machine as I was screening calls, saying, "Your outgoing message sounds weird, like you are in...Kennedy airspace." Exact words from a person who would never say a phrase like that. As I was reporting the incident, a beer commercial was on TV. It showed a neon light at the entrance to a bar. The light read 'Majestic'. I never saw that commercial again. That was my one and only sighting, and I wish I could just see it again for a minute. I remember that I told CUFOs that the leading edge was lit, and my memory only includes a large flying wing, no special lights, although it may have had them judging from my first impression that it was a carnival, when I saw it from 1000 feet as I approached my exit. Be advised that it's path took it over the National Guard Armory, which used to be where the commuter parking lot is now at exit 38. When I saw it, it was over 'The Parkway Assembly of God' church which I think is still there at exit 38. Sincerely submitted, peace.
