{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-09-18 23:04:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548822","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"7978","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3066,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/822/mufon-5548822.json","updb_database_id":5548822}
A wide extremely bright white light object with extremely fast periodic strobing lights

It was a warm clear night on the evening of 09/18/07 so I left the bedroom window open as I went to bed. The blinds were raised halfway. After a few minutes, I noticed very fast flashing colored lights against my bedroom wall. These were round lights, which flashed extremely fast, then stopped. I watched the wall for a short time and saw nothing more so I tried to go back to sleep. After a minute or so, I looked at the wall again and saw nothing for a moment, then I saw the flashing lights flash again against the wall, then stop again. I continued to watch the wall and after a few moments, the lights flashed again. There were several colors: blue, yellow, red. I thought that car headlights do not do this so I decided to get up and look out the window to try and see what was causing it. I got up, looked out the window, and just to the southwest, there was an extremely bright light. It was more wide than high and it looked like a row of extremely bright white lights. I did not see any strobing lights at this point. I watched it for several seconds. It seemed motionless and I could hear no noise -- the only noise I could hear was the water fountain in our pond in the back yard. At first, I thought of a plane traveling straight towards me since I could see no motion. It was low in the sky and it was above the tree line. There was a pond, some houses and trees between the object and myself. As I continued to observe the object, the strobing lights activated again. These were extremely fast, bright lights that seemed to travel across the object. I couldn't see any regular FAA-regulated lights like the ones you see on the tips of wings or on the body of an aircraft. I also have never heard of aircraft lights that were strong enough to display on the interior walls of homes. After a few moments, the object moved to my right, which was towards the north, and the object moved behind some trees and out of my view. I would estimate the entire visual sighting lasted about 20 to 30 seconds. The entire episode was about 10 minutes from when I first noticed the strobing lights on the wall to the end of the visual sighting.

I have enclosed an artist rendering to communicate the location of the object from my position from the bedroom window.
