{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-01-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478822","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81294","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3019,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/822/mufon-5478822.json","updb_database_id":5478822}
{dr}car sized, metallic covered in shifting plates

It was around midnight, and I was riding around in my car with my girlfriend. We saw a lot of stars out in our neighborhood and we thought it was romantic, so I parked my car at the side of the road, opened the roof window and stargazed. Then all of a sudden we heard an extremely loud bang that sounded like a gun shot, but it came from the sky. My girlfriend and I was startled then we looked up to the sky. And that's when things got weird. We saw a multi-colored meteor of some sort but it was going far too fast for a meteor. The sound got louder, the situation didn't look too good so we tried to drive away, and that's when the impact occurred. the shock wave was intense and made my car, my girlfriend and I bounce probably a few inches off the ground. I asked my girlfriend if she was okay and she looked like she'd seen a ghost while starring at something behind me when I was faced at her direction. I turned around seeing a car sized, shinny, metallic object smoking about 3 feet under ground. we got out of the car to get a closer look and it had seemed the object had individual little plates shifting and attaching to the other plates. I never felt so scared in my life. Then I realized it wasn't a meteor, or any type of craft, it looked like technology, but nothing I've ever seen before. The plates shifted to kind of a star shape but the plates were still completely visible. my girlfriend screamed in fear when we both saw the entire structure melt into what looked like a black liquid. We ran to the car and I tried to start it but it wasn't working, it didn't even make a sound we looked back at the object and it was growing taller but we didn't hear any noise from it, so we decided to get out of the car and run as far as we could. We looked back only to see the object solidify into a giant, mechanical, metal humanoid figure and it turned around and chased us down the road until we found the edge of the forest in our neighborhood. We climbed up a tree and hid there for about 7 or 8 minutes praying not to die while I was trying to calm myself and my girlfriend down. the giant metal humanoid stopped looking around and ran off just after I got down from the tree and snapped a photo with my phone. I questioned reality that day.
