{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-08-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488822","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70816","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3804,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/822/mufon-5488822.json","updb_database_id":5488822}
{rjl} Three glowing ,static charged surface craft moving west to east along the Lake Michigan shore about 100 feet from me.

This sighting (1 of 2 in my lifetime) occurred when my wife and I lived on Georgia Ave. along the dunes of Lake Michigan,in Michigan City,Indiana. The year was 1977 and it was late Summer(about August 28th). We always took our black lab,Kahlua, for her evening walk to the dunes before bedtime.We simply cross the street and enter the dune trail where she roams the sand to do her thing. It was about 10:00 PM that night when I took Kahlua on her leash,across the street and let her off it. She did not run into the dunes like normal. She stood at my side with one front leg up,tail straight out,and the hair on her back stood up. She was pointing toward the beach opening of the dune trail we stood at. This was odd because I had never seen her do this stance since the day we brought her back from California, the year before.She was a well trained and very good behaved dog. I looked to the path end and saw a shimmering glow coming from around the end dune. I thought it was our neighbors whom often built a bonfire and drank beer on the beach when it was deserted.(This isn't permitted now ..but happened often back in the 70s.) I put Kahlua back on her leash and we ran to the beach opening,expecting to see some friends and neighbors. It was deserted and no light was nearby. I looked left (West) toward the lake pier, and was amazed to see 3 spheres moving our way just above the gently rolling waves on the sand.There was a breeze blowing in my face off the lake (north). I looked down at Kahlua and she was watching the approaching spheres to our left. The hair on my arms stood up and I noticed by feeling that Kahluas back hairs were still up.It was eerie as the 3 spheres approached our spot and they were clearly visible. They slowly moved in an echelon formation (like jets do) and they were just above the waves on the shore sand. I could see the foam of the water being illuminated by the light the spheres gave off. It was similar to a fluorescent bulb light type of glow.The surfaces of the orbs were yellow glow with small fingers of pink or orange lightning running around the entire globes.They reminded me of those science class balls that create static electricity.The glowing orbs were about 3 feet across and the same distance apart from each other as they traveled.They slowly moved past us about as fast as a person can walk.All was quiet except for the breeze blowing past my ears.I looked down and Kahlua was watching them go to our right.We were about 100 to 110 feet from the crafts / shoreline when they passed us.They continued east following the shoreline ,becoming one light source due to distance, until they disappeared in the far distance. I then ran back home with Kahlua and told my wife what happened.I asked her how long I had been gone and she said about 15 - 20 minutes. I called the police in Michigan City the next morning and they laughed and said it was probably airplane lights and hung up. I guarantee that this was no airplane lights or airplane. That is my first encounter and I will send you another here,my second and last sighting.
