{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-06 02:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504930","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53948","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3058,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/930/mufon-5504930.json","updb_database_id":5504930}
{nd} Saw low-flying, triangular aircraft which, upon closer distance, was hovering above the highway.

While traveling home from Atlanta (about 2:45AM on February 6, 2014), driving on I-85N, my partner and I witnessed the bright (white) lights of what appeared to be a low-flying aircraft. We first noticed it as we drove under Jimmy Carter Blvd overpass in Norcross, Georgia, turning a slight corner in the highway. At first sighting, we both assumed it was a low-flying airplane. Because of the bright white lights (and also because it seemed to be stationary), we both assumed the aircraft was flying directly toward us. As we approached the lights, we both noticed the strange, rectangular row of lights, commenting that it wasn't an airplane (that it was too low) and nervously joked that it was a UFO because neither of us could identify the type of craft. As our vehicle approached the exit for Indian Trail-Lilburn (the next exit from Jimmy Carter Blvd), it became clear that it definitely wasn't any known aircraft because it was hovering and completely still. The craft was hovering near a short tower right before Indian Trail exit, and as we passed underneath, I glanced up to see its triangular shape. The craft was pointed North to Northeast, had several white lights along the bottom side of the triangle's perimeter, including the rear side, which also had a single, red light at the rear. Because I was in the left-most lane (not including the HOV lane), I didn't have time to traverse the number of lanes to my right in order to take the Indian Trail exit (to get a better look at the craft). I had to take the Beaver Ruin Road exit, which was 1-2 miles away. We kept our sights on the craft via the rear and side view mirrors of the vehicle, but lost sight of it once we were too far away. I took the Beaver Ruin exit, making a U-turn of sorts, and got onto 1-85 South. We searched the skies for the craft, but by the time we had made the turn-around, the craft had already disappeared. I'm still in disbelief as to how stereotypical the craft appeared, and a bit haunted by how close to the ground it was. I am curious if anyone else reported seeing this same craft, and I would like to be contacted if someone reports such.
