{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-04 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491930","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67622","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3256,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/930/mufon-5491930.json","updb_database_id":5491930}
{jpg} I was driving watching fireworks. I saw two lights and pulled over thinking it was star of bethel em ! It was not!!

I was driving west on Pulaski road in greenlawn ny. I am driving and watching the fireworks and I see two white lights in the sky near st. Paraveski church. I thought it was the star of bethelhem so I pulled over to take a picture with my iPhone. When I pulled over to take the picture I couldn't find the stars, because the lights disappeared. I thought the stars were under cloud cover so I went back into my car and continued to drive west on Pulaski. I drove and turned near greenlawn memorial park where I saw the lights again. I pulled over and saw a couple in a white truck who pulled over looking up and taking pictures. I went into the park and walked away from the couple but in the sky was two curved white lights and the object was oval shape and jet black. It was so distinctive because the under belly of the object was very dark but you could see the contours of the object. It appeared two small planes were flying circles near the object and at a point I thought the two planes would collide in mid air. I assume th1y were looking at the object in the sky. I took pictures and tried taking videos but the object started to move north. As I was taking pictures the other couple in the white truck was leaving and I heard them say "oh good he is taking pictures of the same thing". The object was heading north with more pace so I ran to my car and chased after the object. It was about 1000 or 2000 feet from the ground as I was chasing. The object was graceful in the sky. I wished I had my camera at this point because the object was in full eyes view and I could see both white lights that spanned the object were curved with the object and a perfect white light. The lights moved with the object and you could notice the object was definately oval shape and jet black. There was traffic in the area and I was driving north to route 25a in huntington. I saw the object essentially pick up speed and with no resistance it glided and sped on a slight angle as it headed north and I lost tract of it. I have pictures of the object at the park but for some reason my iPhone couldn't pick up what my eyes were seeing which is a shame.
