{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507930","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50743","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3024,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/930/mufon-5507930.json","updb_database_id":5507930}
{rjl} blue boomerang hovering over alamo

09/05/13 at 10:00 pm. I was sober, 100% sober. This sighting happened in Alamo, its possible that it could have been over Walnut Creek too. I walked out onto the deck of the back yard with the lights off. I had a creepy feeling like someone was in the bushes so I went back in and turned the light on. I walked out and went all the way to the end which is the length of the house. I turned around and started walking back to the other end of the deck when I see it just over the tree tops. We have tall trees all around so it could not be too far away. I was dumbstruck at what I saw and immediately thought it was not man made. 

It was a boomerang shape, but reminded me of a Nintendo game controller. So it had a u shape curve at the front, but had stuff in the middle. I thought it was translucent with a blue glow over the whole thing. There was one white light on each end of the arms. There seemed to be a red/orange faint hue at a large circle at the front center curved part, but it didn't stay on. 

I stood there for at least 40 seconds while it did not make a move or make a sound. When I was sure I was looking at something I could not explain, I screamed for my mom to come outside and check it out. I was very excited and loud about it, waving my arms trying to get her to hustle. As soon as I yelled for her the craft began to move very slowly. It was almost done changing shape by the time she was able to look.

It seemed like the two arms, the ends with the white lights began to move towards each other. If you put your arms straight out in front of your and begin to move them together and the left arm goes slightly above your right would be what it looked like to me. So then the two white lights are now vertical and the ship looks like it morphed into a tube. One white light at top and bottom and its all illuminated blue in the middle, there may have been softer faint white lights in the middle. It begins to float away with crooked movement, it seemed like the tube bent a little bit in the middle for a second. It floated up and moved east very slowly behind the trees. Total viewing time is approximately 2 minutes. 

I was shocked, scared, and totally excited at the same time.

I got in my car and tried to follow it, but I never saw it after it went behind the trees. I did see a black helicopter moving very fast towards the direction of my sighting.
