{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499930","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59190","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2242,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/930/mufon-5499930.json","updb_database_id":5499930}
a fast moving blinking bright object.

I went outside around the back of the shed to urinate. Was contently listening to the insects and frogs, and wondering I was being watched by "alien entities" in the rice fields. I noticed what I thought was a plane to my left, around the north westerly direction approx. 2 outstretched hands above the horizon. The initial thought was that it was a plane, as it was a light flashing across the sky. Blink off for 1-3 seconds and blink back on for a flash approx. 2 outstretched handwidths away heading in an easterly, circular along the horizon, direction. This continued for around 12 to 15 blinks as I slowely turned nearly 180 degrees to track its path until it was lost to sight in the east. I considered it a plane initially to be a plane, but was moving way too fast to be conventional aircraft. Then I considered the possibility of a high altitude meteorite skipping across the upper atmosphere, much like a stone skipping across the surface of a pond. This was also dismissed as the object disappeared and reappeared at different heights above the horizon. Another possibility was was some type of experimental scram jet, which would account for the brief flash of light and the object appearing seconds later a long way form where it was, it also left a small trail when it flashed "on". All this happened within a matter of approx. 20-30 seconds.I lost sight of the object when I had to change positions to go around a tree. It was reasonably heavy patchy cloud, and I could see what I believe to be, the lights reflected on the clouds, Udon Thani city. It was around there that I lost sight of the object.
