{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-09-09 08:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291930","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111398","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2532,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/930/mufon-5291930.json","updb_database_id":5291930}
Not even sure this qualifies - Pyramid shaped object observed in field behind house -

8 am Eastern on Wednesday Sept. 9th - I observed what I at first thought was a large turkey buzzard in our back field. (maybe 300 yards distant) I was working outside and didn't give it a second thought as that would not be an abnormal sight. About 5 minutes later I glanced at field and noticed that the "bird" was still there in the exact same spot. Upon squinting for a better look I realized that it was not quite "bird shaped". Grabbed binoculars from inside the house and saw that the object was in fact a definite pyramid shaped, black, solid -- something, approximately 3 ft tall. Taller than is was wide. The base was obscured as it was in 8"-12" tall grass.  The sun was glistening off of the object. It was not moving at all. After about 90 seconds looking at it, I decided the most logical explanation was that my brother-in-law neighbor must have left a piece of tractor equipment in the field. Around 3pm that day the object had disappeared. That afternoon I confirmed that my brother in law had not been in the field and had not left any equipment. The next day I walked down to approximately where the object was. There was no evidence of any object. There were no tracks in the grass - anywhere. On Friday Sept. 11, my brother in law drove his gator through the field and left definite observable path through the tall grass. That path is still very visible 24 hours later.  the The field is bordered on three sides a creek which is, itself bordered by trees. There are not random people in our field, It is not accessible nor visible from any public road or access point. I'm not saying this was an alien craft - nor can I claim to have seen it move, let alone fly. It is unexplainable by anyone in my family or friend group. I am simply posting to see if others have witnessed anything remotely similar - size, shape, color wise.
