{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-14 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478930","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81184","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2845,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/930/mufon-5478930.json","updb_database_id":5478930}
Yellow fireball in oppisate direction above Rivanazzano Dragway after a USAF jet car run 9-14-14.

1. I just happened to be watching by chance a posted video clip on the Internet of a highly modified race car with a J85 Jet Engine from a F5 USAF "Tiger" aircraft. I had been watching other dragstrip facing online.

2. The video demonstration clip of the dragstrip pass was around sunset and less than 3 minutes. Just near the end, I noticed a blur of yellow light flash across the screen about 10-15 feet above the track and spectators. It struck me as odd because something moving did not seem like lens glare or sunlight, which was fading quickly. 

3. I had no idea what it was at first. However, I have seen film clips of WWII "foo fighter" type fireballs and read about them in widely sighted in various books and articles.

4. This yellow fireball had a distinct aura around the orb, which comes into the video frame from left to right for just 2 seconds (2:42-2:44 on screen). Start/stopping the film clip quickly on my PC during those brief 2 seconds captures the sighting clearly for detailed analysis. 

At first the yellow fireball object is a blur, however, it quickly brightens and sharpens into clearer focus moving across the screen bobbing up and down slightly as the film pans (from a fixed position, like a tripod) slowly back to the starting area of the drag race track. 

The yellow fireball orb with a surrounding aura again appeared to also move up and down in elevation slightly, but at a speed faster than the video operator was slowly panning right. It either dimmed in light emitted going out of the video clip frame or seemed to dissolve from view.
 
5. I was a bit stunned that this may have been a UFO/UAP fireball type sighting. I have never sighted one before unaided and certainly unexpectedly. After getting good looks in stop action across the two second interval, I watched the event several more times and have access to the online film clip.

6. The film clip of this jet car acceleration demonstration on a dragstrip ended just a few seconds after the fireball left went out of sight off of the right part of the frame. This was a filmed public event and I was not present at the drag strip to see this sighting.
