{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-27 06:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518930","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38051","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3297,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/930/mufon-5518930.json","updb_database_id":5518930}
Reddish-orange disc shaped craft caught on film

This event happened on January 27, 2011 in Essie Kentucky. The sky was overcast. I couldn1t see any stars. I was sitting in a chair near my heating stove at 4:00am to punch the fire up and put a little coal on it, and all of a sudden through what used to be a door on the backside of the house, I saw a light that I thought might have been an airplane. I thought, 1that was strange looking1. I went to my living room window to look up and see if the object was flying overhead but I couldn1t see it anywhere, which I thought was strange because by then it should1ve been right outside my window where I could see it. I decided to go outside to film it. I keep my camera in my pocket all the time. When I got outside, I couldn1t see it, and the reason I couldn1t see it was because it was straight up over my head about 1,500ft in the air or possibly further. It almost looked like a tiny ant from where I was standing. I could tell that the top of it was spinning around and the bottom was too. The top dome was spinning to the right and the bottom dome was spinning to the left. The entire craft was glowing except for the inner part, which was dark. You could see little lights rotating around from the middle of the craft. There were also lights flickering from the bottom of the craft. If the craft would1ve been 100ft in the air from me, I believe it would1ve at least been 75 to 100ft in length and about 40ft in width. It was a huge craft. It wasn1t stationary but most of the movement on the video was caused by me trying to keep it in view. The craft was somewhat wobbling. The reason there are two videos of it is because I got excited and I was going to take snapshots of it while I was recording but instead I pressed the wrong button and caused it to stop recording. When that happened I had to start recording again. By the time I zoomed in on it again it took off in a split second and disappeared right before my eyes. When it took off, all the lights (pole lights and house lights) in the holler shut off for a second and then turned back on. It turned off my camera, which is why there is no more footage after it left. The sound you hear at the end of the video I didn1t hear at the time I was filming. The entire event lasted for about 40 seconds. I have included the original videos and an edited version of the videos.
