{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-12-22 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502289","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56722","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4794,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/289/mufon-5502289.json","updb_database_id":5502289}
{nd} Pregnant ex-wife and I knocked out for a minute. Found her screaming about being poked in the head.

At home in December of 1993 with my very pregnant, almost due (now ex) wife. She was in bed reading and I was finishing up a radio show about to join her in bed. As I got up there was suddenly light everywhere and I was forced to the floor. I could hear her screaming in the next room but could not get up to get to her. The next moment I was in what seemed like a cavern made of rock with a river or something running through the middle. On the other side was one very large "blob" of energy surrounded by several smaller "energy blobs". As I was thinking of what to ask, the larger one "spoke" (not audibly) and simply said, "You're going back. It's not your time yet."
Immediately I was back on the living room floor hearing my wife screaming "Stop! Stop! Stop!" over and over. Although I was young and strong, it felt like I had several hundred pounds on my back and it took me a long while to push myself up off the floor. There was light everywhere and the radio was making strange noises. (Note - As I write this I'm getting goose bumps and feeling sick.)
I finally made it into the bedroom and ran to my wife who was still screaming and holding her forehead. The light was dissipating and I could hear the radio begin to sound normal again.
I asked my wife what happened and she just kept repeating, "They wouldn't stop poking me in the head." She used her index finger to demonstrate it was in between and slightly upward of her eyebrows.
We both had trouble sleeping that night but oddly never spoke of it again.

Additional comments of importance:
1. The entire time we lived there during her pregnancy small items of silver jewelry would come up missing every so often. She initially thought it was me hawking it off for pot money, but I wasn't and I knew it. Every time something would come up missing there would also be a small, perfectly formed, conical deposit of something like soot in the bathroom on the floor. There was no vent, or pipe, or any other source for the soot. Shortly after our experience my wife went in for delivery and the next day I went home briefly to gather supplies for the hospital stay. There, on the floor was a spot of soot. I opened the cabinet to get towels and on the shelf, arranged in an intricate pattern, was every piece of silver jewelry that had ever been missing. 

2. This encounter was not the first nor the last in my life. Simply the most profound as well the only one witnessed by another. Since my earliest childhood memories, I have been visited and communicated with by beings I used to think were angels. (Having grown up in a strict Catholic family and all...) The most recent time was in Seattle a few years back right in the middle of the day. Was watching t.v. in the main area of a shared apartment around noon. My roommate was not home at the time. My next conscious moment I was paralyzed in a bed in a large circular room with an observation window above me and what appeared to be an Asian woman watching me through the glass. There was someone else being moved in another bed behind me and as they passed they screamed out for help, but I remained oddly indifferent and just stayed focused on the woman watching me. Then I was back in my own bed with two "energy blobs" next to me vibrating as they seemed to dissipate leaving me barely able to move for several minutes. And after that experience, something else new occurred which was...

3. I now have two mysterious marks on my body that are triangular in shape and appear to be light surgical scars. The first appeared immediately following the Seattle event, the second appeared more recently after my current (soon-to-be-ex) wife and two kids moved to Nevada, however I have no recollection of an abduction event preceding it.

4. I rarely sleep more than a couple of hours at a time and my body is literally disintegrating. Although I am a well educated Mensan, and neither mentally ill nor addicted to drugs, I cannot seem to get my life together or form normal relationships with anyone. My life is slowly ending and I need to know why.
