{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-05 20:07:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465289","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95494","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3592,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/289/mufon-5465289.json","updb_database_id":5465289}
Multiple glowing lights going around. Two parallel lights went through the sky.

I was shooting long exposure shots of the city. I was just walking back home when in the middle of the street, while walking under some bright street lights, my attention was caught by a bright white / yellowish light at the corner of my eye. I first thought it was an airplane or a helicopter. It moved through the sky smoothly. It did not blink or have any sound, yet it was moving so fast that it had to be quite low. I know what airplanes and helicopters look like and this was nothing like it. Also it was so bright that it couldn't be a satellite and it caught my attention while I was standing under a bright street light.

I started to follow it with my eye just out of curiosity. Then I watched straight up and saw at least 6 similar lights moving around the sky. About 4 of them were brighter and seemed moving faster and lower with slightly curving flight paths, two others were dimmer and moved through the sky from north to south totally in unison with parallel flight paths and in a straight line. They appeared to be much further away than the other brighter lights.

I have never seen UFOs before and this was a totally new experience for me. I've seen satellites before but the two parallel lights was the thing that convinced me that this is something very unusual. I started to shake from excitement and quickly set up my tripod and Sony a7. Without looking at the settings too much, I started to shoot long exposures at the sky in hopes of it revealing the flight paths and possible sudden changes in direction. Sadly the light trails were super dim in the final images but they are still visible. There were no sudden changes of direction in the flight paths.

The objects disappeared behind buildings.

While I was doing this, a couple of people got interested of what I was shooting and I explained what just happened. However they got there just after the bright lights were gone and probably thought I was a lunatic.

I mostly tried to get a good shot of the two parallel moving lights but managed to get shots of some of the other lights too. Two or three other lights were out of the picture and I didn't see where they went.

I now have some photos that I have taken with my phone from my screen that I found from my Google Photos. I may have lost the original raw files since this happened 3 years ago but I can search through my SD cards if they are still somewhere.

In the photos you can see St Michael's Church in the foreground.
