{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-10-14 09:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493289","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66229","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4383,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/289/mufon-5493289.json","updb_database_id":5493289}
By eye observation, it was a very stationary object that pulsated light in very frequent intervals that did not appear in the shots.

I was on vacation with a friend who works for Alaskan Airlines. We went downtown Vancouver to sight see and was crossing a bridge headed into town on a walk. We stopped on the bridge for a moment to rest and that is when I saw a pulsating object in the sky that was very shiny by eye observation. It was such a clear sky that the flashing is what caught my eye. I am a professional musician, Kung Fu martial artist, an artist who used to be a structural engineering designer before the economy crash. I was in the Navy in the early 90's as a professional trained observer. I was a signalman in the Navy. So, I was trained to notice minor details of distant objects. So, at first I knew it was not natural or a familiar aircraft. It was locked completely stationary, totally no travel in elevation nor distance. It rotated on it's own axis and pulsated either shiny glow like a light camera flashes about 3 to 4 per second. Unwittingly, I was unaware at the time that the object looked totally different on the camera shots. The light flashes are unapparent on the pictures but you can see the object do this in the short film attached. My camera is older and so the zoom does not function in video settings, so that was the best I could do. Through the camera focus lens, I could see the object in more detail that did not translate, of course, in the pictures. It appeared to flash, was a glowing florescent greens and reds. It stayed so steady in the sky that I was able to use the bridges railings to steady the camera so I could observe it longer. It turned perfectly on a central axis at if the object was orbiting exactly on it's poles and not ununiformed like balloons or other object. It was so stationary it seemed locked into the position in the sky above a common point. We stayed there after I shot the pictures and footage for twenty minutes or more. We even ask the local passer-byes if they knew what we were looking at. None knew what we were seeing. I felt invigorated because I love a good mystery. We eventually just walked away out of boredom because the object never left or moved from the area far. I could tell it had a minor flight path and in the twenty minutes we watched it, it stayed the same elevation but just barely drifted horizontally. The drift was totally un-noticeable visually. The drift was like watching the speed of the big hand on a dial clock. 
After a couple of years I was examining the photos with some friends and that is when I noticed the other anomalies in the background similar to the object and in the same relative positions. Almost seemed like a group of observing probes or something of the sort.
