{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514289","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43939","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4621,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/289/mufon-5514289.json","updb_database_id":5514289}
(GS) Witnessed a spherical object light up brightly and hover for half a second before flying away at break neck speeds

The night my dad and I saw this object was very warm and clear. Since my dad and I are smokers we spend our smoking time outside in the garage usually staring out at the night sky looking at stars and planes. There are a lot of planes too as we live approximately 10 miles from the airport. This particular night we were sitting on a removable bench seat that came with my fathers old van. We sat on the bench seat near the door opening facing north while my brother sat on the hood of his car. He came out later just to talk with us for a bit. Since he was facing south he did not see what we saw. 

In the midst of a conversation I found myself staring at this blinking star off in the distance. I wasnt really paying attention to what my brother was saying because I was captivated by that star and the way it was blinking/shining. I sat there going through my head trying to figure out the scientific terminology to describe that effect and could not figure it out. I gave up trying to figure out the term and refocused my ears towards the conversation my brother and dad were having but I never did take my eye off that star. (the star was over the neighbors house across the street NNE and about 30 degrees off the horizon) 

Only a few seconds passed since I had refocused my ears on the conversation when this ball of light appeared in the general direction of that star but at a 60 to 70 degree angle off the horizon. Only half a second went by and this object grew brighter. As soon as it grew brighter it accelerated away so fast it was out of sight within a second or so. My dad and I were awe struck. I had never seen anything like this before in my life.

What was odd was that because of that blinking star off in the distance i was already looking in that general direction. Had it not been for that star I may have not seen the whole thing as it happened.

I know this object was not a plane because it made absolutely no sound. It could not have been a meteor. I have seen meteors before at our cabin upstate and I know that meteors are in constant motion. This U.F.O. lit up over our house and was stationary for a split second before accelerating away. This object also had a sort of fuzzy tail to it. Its hard to describe in words but I have found a video clip online that best describes the sort of white light that trails behind the object.(Fact or Faked: Florida Woodland UFO) The craft in this video is almost identical to what I saw here above my neighborhood. 

I lost sight of the object as it sped away NNW at roughly the same altitude till it went behind a distant tree and then finally my neighbors house.

I have been a believer in UFOs since I first read about them. Until we saw that ball of light in the sky that night I had always wanted to see a UFO like other people I have heard about. Whats crazy is that I always told myself I wouldnt even mind being abducted as long as I could communicate with my abductors. I want to know things. I have questions just like a lot of other people might have about E.T.s and where they come from. Why not me?

The couple months leading up to this sighting I did some pretty strange things. I had been researching UFOs and abductions quite a bit and became somewhat jealous of those people who had had experiences with UFOs and ETs already. When I would go outside to smoke I would yell things at the sky like, "Supreme beings my ass. Cant even show yourselves eh?" I would say this amongst other things. Then afterwards I would wonder if my neighbors could hear me and if they could, did they now think I was a whack-job.

The two weeks following the sighting I had a hard time sleeping. I felt like that at any moment something like this would appear again or worse. That night I did not sleep at all. I was just scared to death. Most of us are scared of the unknown so I do not believe it was unfounded or out of place.
