{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-13 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499289","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59850","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4677,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/289/mufon-5499289.json","updb_database_id":5499289}
Meteor-like object broke into several objects that created a formation.

I was out on the deck about 7:45 PM Saturday night gazing at the sky which is a pretty normal thing for me. I do this a lot at home due to living just south of MCI airport, and down at our lake place on Lake Ozark because I am always on the lookout for meteors and have a 6" telescope down there where the night sky is nice and clear. I have noticed this Spring / Summer (new deck) that at home, we see what appears to be VERY bright stars appear then disappear without movement. We will typically see about 2 of these in the span of about 15 - 30 minutes if really paying attention. I always wrote this off as something like tumbling space junk catching the sun's light briefly causing a flash that lasts anywhere from 1/2 of a second to 4-5 seconds at most. SOMETIMES they will re-illuminate a second time in the same place, but usually seem to move to another part of the sky within a few minutes. The one time I saw this that made me think twice, was when a small cloud drifted by rapidly and I was watching this light, expecting it to disappear. The cloud appeared to pass BEHIND this object. Other than this, I have never seen anything other than fireballs, meteors, satellites, and I think the ISS a time or two. I typically spend about 1 solid hour per week at home gazing at the sky and 2-4 hours per weekend down at the lake just sky gazing from the comfort of a cot out on the deck.

Well, this Saturday is a little different. I saw an extremely bright star nearly straight up in the sky, maybe a little off to the east / southeast of center. No other stars visible yet. It was so bright that I instantly grabbed my smart phone to open the SkyMap to checkout which star it was, I assumed Arcturus. There was nothing on the map in this area, so I plopped down on the cot so I could stare w/o fatigue. This light was intense white / blue-white and did not appear to be moving or changing brightness, but it slowly developed what looked like meteor smoke just "above" it as if it hit the atmosphere head-on rather than glancing. The "meteor smoke" was small and pretty stationary, but the light dimmed slightly and suddenly I noticed a second, more dim "star" in very close proximity. A few minutes likely passed by and I noticed a third star, seemingly all 3 shared the same light intensity as the original got more dim with the addition of the others. I thought I was witnessing a small object slowly breaking apart and coming down so slowly that there was no perceivable movement. That is, until the "meteor smoke" faded out and the 3 stars started changing brightness. About this time the sky was darkening and you could start to make out Arcturus to the Northwest of this event, pretty well straight up in the sky.

As I started at it, hardly blinking, I noticed that these 3 stars had turned to 6-8 dim stars in a perfect circle formation! This is when the goosebumps hit and I started feeling very hot all over, especially my back. I started hollering for my wife and son to come out. The formation broke apart to 3 single stars again, then back into formation. I never observed movement, just a sudden re-arrangement if you will. I am certain I saw a perfect circle in the sky, motionless and of equal brightness amongst the "stars" that created it. It was about the size of a half dollar if I held it out as far from my eyes as possible. By the time my wife and son came out there were only 2 stars remaining. They started to change brightness back and forth, one would get bright and the other would get dim and back-and-forth slowly and evenly, not at all randomly. After several more minutes they just dimmed out completely. This was about 8:10 PM or so. The next 15 minutes I saw two meteors and two of the super bright lights appear that I described in the beginning of this post, though they were not as high in the sky as this event and seemed unrelated. It was the first truly unexplained thing I have seen in the sky other than these stationary lights that blink out "all the time".
