{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-06-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546289","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"23722","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2282,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/289/mufon-5546289.json","updb_database_id":5546289}
rose above the roof of neighbors house coming from the northeast heading southwest stopped zig zagged then went back northeast got smaller and vanished extremely fast.

My wife and I were at the neighbors in the back yard sitting by a fire pit. The four of us and their daughter were just enjoying the nice night. My wife said " what is that light? " There was a red/amber fuzzy looking light that had come into view over the roof of the house that appeared to be over the city of Murfreesboro about 8 miles away.The light was coming from the northeast heading southwest fairly slow. When it got over murfreesboro, it stopped and moved kinda up and down then right and left and started moving back northeast from which it came only started slowly then got smaller and zipped out of sight very fast . There is no way a plane could move out of sight that fast. There is an airport about 20 mi. up the interstate and we see planes all the time at night. At first I being a skeptic about things told my wife it was just a plane but the more i looked at it , I knew it wasn't a plane and my neighbor said it before I could. He is x military and said Rob thats not a plane and we all watched it for the entire time until it zoomed out of sight. We all sat around in amazement trying to figure it out. I tried to get on line to see if anyone else had seen this light over murfreesboro but don't really know where to look. If you find out or have anymore questions call me or email me please that was the strangest thing that i have ever witnessed in the air and I have seen meteor showers and satellites being in the gulf and the woods being a hunter and fisherman.

               Thanks Rob
