{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-01 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468289","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92298","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2865,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/289/mufon-5468289.json","updb_database_id":5468289}
Black Triangle shaped object. Approximately 2-3 times larger than a A380 passenger jet. It rotated very slowley as it moved across the sky. No sound and covered great distance (horizon to horizon) in less than 10seconds.

My wife and I were standing in our back garden having a cigarette. Jupiter was very low in the sky and we were wondering what it was? So we got out my phone and used the skyview app to work it out... we both commented on the fact that we hadn't ever remembered seeing Jupiter or if we had we didn't know thats what it was. 
London Skys are always full of passenger aircraft coming into land at Heathrow and we are on one of the flight paths they use .... the planes come in from the East over our house and then head out west before they turn north towards Heathrow airport. You can always hear them.
This Black Triangle object with round lights on on each of its 3 corners and one central light that was reddish orange in colour appeared in the West. It was very big about 2-3 times the size of an A380 passanger jet. It flew right over us in one fluid motion, in a slight arch, it rotated slowly as it moved across the sky. It probably made one full rotation in the time we witnessed it. It flew from the West horizon to the the north east horizon in about 8-10 seconds. It was completely silent. The sky was completely clear ... there were no clouds and the stars were very visible. 
We both watched this object come in and pass right over us both, we both knew exactley what we had both seen .... it was like watching a silence fiction movie or one of those UFO tv shows, but real life! we both just watched it until it wasn't visible anymore, then looked at each other both with shocked but excited faces and said "what the F%1@ was that!.... then we both said together " that was a UFO for sure" we both knew exactly what we had seen. We are in the photography/ film industry. We use our eyes for our job. This object was so clearly a solid structure, but it also had a film static kind of shimmer to the under side of it, a bit like digital glitch .... I know it sounds ridiculous but it was like its cloaking devise was switching on or switching off. 

This was so incredibly strange and overwhelming it has most definatly changed our view on UFO's.
