{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-04 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526289","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29404","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3512,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/289/mufon-5526289.json","updb_database_id":5526289}
Hovering cigar shaped object with long, thin tail over Olympic Mountains

For approximately 15 minutes my parents witnessed a hovering, motionless cigar/hot-dog shaped object, with a long, thin, string-like,"tail" behind it. It was completely white against the setting sun, midway over the Olympic Mountain Range...this was being viewed with binoculars from NE Thurston County, on the Puget Sound, and a crystal clear evening. It could also be seen by the naked eye. 

The Olympic Mountain range is approximately 45 miles in the NW direction from my parents house on Puget Sound, near Olympia/Lacey WA. On a nice, summer evening like we had tonight, the Olympics are in full view. We have lived in this house since 1970, and my parents have looked out over the Olympics for years. 

Neither of them have ever seen anything resembling this object before. We have seen our share of airplanes coming & going from Sea-Tac Intl Airport (approx 50 miles to the North) or Joint Base Lewis-McChord (approx 20 miles to the NE)...weve seen comets and asteroids. We have seen pancake clouds; clouds of all shapes and distinctions, especially as the sun goes down with a myriad of odd light fluctuations. This was a completely different phenomenon. 

The most interesting aspect to them was the motionless, hovering nature of it; just hanging there in the sky over the Olympics...defying gravity. It did not move for approx 15 minutes after the initial sighting. They did witness it "fade away" slowly, then "poof", gone.  

This was truly an "unidentified flying object" or more precisely, "hovering object."  Again, my parents have been looking at the grand vistas and skies of South Puget Sound for years. They had no explanation for what they saw, or what this may have been. I am their son, Eric, who is writing this account on their behalf, since they do not use computers or type as fast. ;) I did not personally witness this event. My parents have never claimed to witness a UFO before, and my Dad usually has an explanation for everything, a true skeptic. Tonight, he had no explanation or justification for what he witnessed. 

Oddly, this observation of theirs left them "calmly perplexed"...for lack of a better description. They did not panic or shout or "ohhh and awww." It didn't seem to bother them that they couldnt identify it, but they seemed calmly serene, as if they truly witnessed something that could not be rationally explained.  

Both have excellent vision, and both described the object to me in exactly the same terms. I hope this adds something to the dialogue, or a corroboration of other sightings in the area. (My parents thought it would have been visible to a great many people, since it was such a clear sunset...and quite a population in Western Washington who have access, if they care to look, at the Olympics...from Olympia, Lakewood, Tacoma, Seattle, and Everett, etc.)
