{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-02-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505289","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53574","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2609,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/289/mufon-5505289.json","updb_database_id":5505289}
Seemed to be a two dimensional rectangular object with width and length but no distinguishable height; no wings, no emissions; about the size of a car

I1m doubtful about all things connected with UFO1s, so I1m in no way cheerful of adding my recollection to, what is most likely, a collection of narcissistic attention seeking esoteric fantasy stories.  Therefore I1ve been hesitant of submitting anything anywhere of what I saw 15 years ago. I1m not one to imagine things or even believe in things that can1t be explained, but it hasn1t let me go.
I was standing at the second story window of my parents1 house looking outside deciding whether to enjoy the cool air or smoke a cigarette. When I saw this odd rectangular shape moving in the sky. I was facing north and its course was NW to SE. It was maybe 10 to 15 feet away and I was looking at it at a 15 degree angle. It was dark grey set against a darker blue grayish sky. I thought at first maybe I had looked into a light and it was just an afterimage on my retina. So I closed my eyes to see if I still saw it. No. I opened my eyes and there it was moving slowly across the sky. I focused my eyes both to the right and left of it. I didn1t change shape or alter its speed and its speed was really odd. I was moving far too slow to stay airborne. It had no wings, no propulsion system I could see no features of any kind simply a door shaped dark grey object, about the size of a car. It also seemed two dimensional even at an angle I could see no height of it. It passed me and flew over the house. So I rushed down the stairs out of the back door and true to its speed and course I saw it again. For a moment I considered to throw a rock at it. Yet I quickly reconsidered due to the fact I was standing in a residential area plus the irony of throwing rocks at something I couldn1t identify didn1t escape me. So I gave it a smile and a wave instead. I tracked its course over the fence over the neighbors1 house until it was indistinguishable against the night sky.
