{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-04 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288289","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115079","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3757,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/289/mufon-5288289.json","updb_database_id":5288289}
numerous red orbs hovering over I-75 over tree top in arc formation (2 rows/ 1 row on top of the other)

This was originally reported back in 2015 possibly 2016, but Mufon has no record of it.
After report was made I was contacted by then field agent: [name moved to Investigators report section/ CMS/fgc]. 

I am placing new report due to the fact that MUFON has no record of my initial report.

During the month of either September or October 2015/2016 (can't remember exact year or exact month):

I was driving home heading North at around 10 pm or so on highway (I-75) Dade County, Florida
when I witnessed 2 rows of red orbs hovering in a stationary manner directly over the pine tress that stood there at the time.

The pine tress stood roughly 20-35 ft. tall. The red orbs stretched from one side (median) to the right side of the highway where other pine trees stood. 

The red orbs formed a lower row in an arc formation of roughly 8-9 orbs, and an upper row in a similar arc formation consisting
of 10-12 orbs. 

These red orbs did not move, produce noise, or any visible discharges.

At that time there were no highway lights placed alongside the highway so it would've been as black as pitch outside.
The red orbs illuminated the road considerably and were easily observed. Plus they were 20-35 ft or so overhead. Its almost as if they 
wanted to be seen.

I was frantic as my mind raced while I tried to deduce what I was observing. I attempted to relate these red orbs to man made objects, but to no avail. 

As I drove closer I pulled over to the right lane in order to slow down to a reasonable rate of speed, as I was too afraid to stop.
before I changed lanes as I was slowing down I noticed that there were several cars around me (roughly 4-5 cars), and
to my amazement a small family in a mini van had pulled over on the right shoulder of the road with both side doors of the 
mini van opened as they stood on the floor board of the van and were all pointing up in amazement.

I was terrified and amazed while also trying to understand what I was observing, and at the same time deciding who
I could report this too. 
As I slowly drove underneath the red orbs in order to observe them better I was able to get an extremely close look at the one directly above me. 

It was large wider than my car, and it seemed to get closer as I noticed that I could see the surface of its underside clearer.
The surface was perfectly round and smooth and it illuminated a solid red light. Its light did not fluctuate...it was a constant solid red
light. 
I had lowered my window low enough to take a listen, but they made no noise and hovered without movement whatsoever.

I continued to drive away at a higher rate of speed.
When I arrived home I was frantic. Fortunately for me my brother and his wife visiting from Ohio listened to my story
and they recommended I report it to MUFON.

I was then contacted by a field agent. 
Today I was told that my report does not pull up in MUFON's records
so I am placing this report again today.

I hope to speak to a new field agent.
