{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-20 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477498","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82653","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2731,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/498/mufon-5477498.json","updb_database_id":5477498}
Had seen the sun reflecting off an object, but because the suns reflecting was so bright and could not make out what actaul shape it was...I took my phone and snap 3 pictures

Well it was a nice hot summer evening mid August around 8 PM, I was going onto my balcony for a smoke as I often do. And as I always do I take a look around the sky, as I am 6 floors above ground, so I have a good view of the surrounding area. Well this particular evening I was looking north east above a couple of surroundings buildings and caught a reflection from an object about 500 to 1000 feet in the air. My 1st thought was it was a plane coming in for landing or circling to land, as I do live pretty close to an airport. Well from the reflection of the sun, I really couldn't make out from an eye view what the shape of the object was exactly..as it seemingly floated across the sky, but did know that this was odd as the object was flying towards the air space which planes are taking off. I was intrigued and excited as this hasn't been my 1st sighting, and didn't have a chance the last time to take a photo or video. I decided to take my phone and snap 3 pictures of the object so that maybe with those photos I would be able to identify what I was seeing without the glare of the sunshine. I did only had a few minutes to observe and it was gone as I lost sight of it. I have been told by friends that it's no more than pixels from the camera that are distorting the picture. well since I do live near an airport I do see on a regular basis see helicopters and planes which I will also include so you can decide if it is pixels or something else?
