{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-16 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498498","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60682","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4401,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/498/mufon-5498498.json","updb_database_id":5498498}
{dr}TWO staggered, very prominent Red Pulsating Orbs: DID NOT seem to 'fly in from a distance', they just appeared, hovered, may have traveled a bit turned on a short path before disappearing. This repeated 3 times in a half hours time.

It was just after 9pm, Thursday 10/16/14; my son and I were outside playing in the backyard of our home jumping on a trampoline... We ALWAYS pay attention to the air traffic, especially in our neighborhood. By now, we are pretty skilled at how to look and rule out possible known crafts and their characteristics. We see ALL SORTS of known crafts and lights over here... (military, private, commercial, tourist, blimp, fireworks, search lights, etc.) this was NOT like any of them! 

I recall noticing these two red orbs very prominent in my peripheral view in the North-East direction of the sky... but initially discounting them as regular air traffic (as we have so much) and I was focused on my boy. Also during this time and sporadically, we saw many other craft such as airplanes & helicopters. The sky was mostly clear with a tiny bit of light haze in some parts of the higher horizon... however, they were not in the haze part of the sky. We could verify this against the look of the identified crafts we saw traveling through and all around during and after the events. 

The two red orbs were staggered and one appeared slightly brighter than the other. They DID NOT appear to 'fly in' towards us... they were 'just there'... may have traveled slowly toward us a bit, traveled east a bit? turning?... then slowly faded away... the whole time pulsating, (not blinking) there was no pattern and no sets of running/safety lights as other craft have. 

There were no clouds for them to "disappear from our view"... they literally vanished and reappeared a short time again, doing this three times!

As my son and I are witnessing this we were yelling for Dad to "come quick and bring a camera!" We were all so very excited and grateful to witness this event. We continued expressing our excitement/gratitude and tried 'calling' them back... thus we kept watching in hopes they would reappear... and they did! Two more times! =) ...and did the same things. We felt only positive feelings and excitement.

I tried to capture it on video but it proved challenging... (so sorry about that but at least its something)... and I was very much enamored with what I was watching... the tiny bit of video is nothing compared to what we physically saw in person and this lasted for at least a good 20 minutes off and on. (9:15pm/PDT to about 9:25pm/PDT)

Initially I was still standing on the trampoline...but then hopped off to try to steady it. As I would zoom in, the camera would lose focus but in person they were very prominent yet translucent as well. At times when I zoomed in on the object it seems to disappear though the camera view but viewing it physically with our eyes, it was still there... then slowly faded out.

I used my (fairly current model) Sony Digital HD Camera... in comparison it seems our cell phones have taken better footage than this. Not sure what my settings are on but I will check that out and fix for the next potential event. Looks like its only HD for stills.?

I KNOW WHAT I SAW... AND...I KNOW WHAT IT WASN'T... THIS WAS A UFO EVENT! I wish you all could see the entire event as we did. I will do my best to get some better footage the next time as we are definitely not alone here.

EYES OPEN - LOOK UP & SHARE PEOPLE! TRY TO CAPTURE FOOTAGE THE BEST YOU CAN AND SHARE SHARE SHARE <3 <3 <3 ONWARD & UPWARD <3 <3 <3
