{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-02-13 19:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462498","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98485","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2547,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/498/mufon-5462498.json","updb_database_id":5462498}
{cak} A stationary horizontal row of wedge-shaped (for lack of a better description) white lights appeared and then disappeared.

On February 13, 2019, at 7:35 p.m. I was in the parking lot of Ranger College in Stephenville, Texas. The sky was dark and very slightly overcast. As I was facing south by southwest and starting to get into my car, I saw a horizontal row of somewhat rectangular or wedge-shaped white lights appear in the sky at an angle of about 35 degrees from the horizon. They were in the direction of, but not directly above, a nearby Alon quick stop/gas station. There was no way to tell how far away they might actually be, but in general they looked to be no more than a mile away. They did not appear suddenly, nor did they appear all at once. Instead, each light faded into view over a span of about two seconds, as if they had previously been present but dark and were now "lighting up." They faded into view like this in succession from left to right (from my angle of vision). A total of six or seven lights appeared in this manner, and the first of them began to fade away gradually to invisibility as the latter two or three were appearing. The row was entirely stationary, so that the lights appeared to be not independent objects but attached to, or portions of, some larger object. By the time the fourth light had appeared I was diving into my car to grab my phone and try to take photos or capture some video, but I was ultimately unsuccessful in doing this. As I emerged from the car with my phone, I saw the full complement of six or seven lights beginning to fade away, starting with the leftmost one. Then they were gone. The full sighting lasted maybe 30 to 40 seconds.

Note that this was my second sighting within the same hour on the same night. See my separate report from the same date. Prior to these, I had never seen a UAP, other than a vaguely remembered long-lasting shooting star from sometime in my youth.
