{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-07 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286498","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116885","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2846,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/498/mufon-5286498.json","updb_database_id":5286498}
Possible sighting. Was encouraged to report it.

I'm here because I think I saw a UFO or 2 last Wednesday 7-7-21 at approximately 9PM. I'm 37 years old and I've been into the topic of ufo's for most all of my adult life, but this was the first time where I really thought I saw something unexplainable, that said, I saw 2 things. 

The first of which, could have been a meteorite or the ISS, but I looked up the azimuth of the ISS that night and it was ~33⁰ whereas the object I saw was nearly 90⁰ directly overhead. It could have been a meteorite, but I've seen meteorites and they just didn't look like this did, it didn't flame out like they usually do, it just kind of blinked off, and it seemed slower than a high altitude meteorite, but still extremely fast. Bright white in typical fashion. Truth be told I had been listening to hours of podcasts that night by Preston Dennett (MUFON Field Investigator & author) just before this "sighting", it was as I went outside after listening and thinking about contact that I saw this. It kind of scared me, because it seemed too real to be true that I would see a UFO when I was psychologically primed to see one due to the nature of my entertainment choices of the evening. I went back inside for a while and ruminated about what I'd seen and decided to go have another look, and again I saw something odd, and immediately I saw what I first thought was a plane crossing the sky from center to horizon/left before it went behind the trees (it was high in altitude). It was glowing red! Circular, and it was blinking like plane's navigation lights do, but it didn't register as the same blink rate in my opinion. I'm not a trained Skywatcher, but I watch a lot, and I've never ever seen a plane that looked like this.  [link removed] 
Overall, I'm not certain if I really saw something or if I'm just being fanciful, but it left a real impression on me that's been hard to shake. I'm pretty open in my social circle about my beliefs that we have been and are being visited by something and someone out of this world, but I haven't spoken about this particular incident to any of my friends or family, because I'm skeptical about it. 
I live in West Nashville. 
Thank you for listening (reading).
