{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-07-12 21:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548498","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"9994","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2542,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/498/mufon-5548498.json","updb_database_id":5548498}
For lights forming a Diamond

At the date listed above I was outside for a smoke, when I noticed a what I (at the time) perceived to be 3 lights in a triangular shape flying east, the middle (which is to say the lead light) was like a spotlight the other two were inactive (just 2 lights) that looked (from my position) to be angled slightly downward. At this point I should point out 2 things 

a) It was flying at an altitude slightly lower then that of a normal passenger liner with no sound I could hear (though it drove my dog nuts) 

b) I'm a Specialist in the United States ARMY National Guard, and an Iraqi War vet. I'm well aware of what I'm saying.

Now, as it came closer (moving no faster the a car on a side street) it became clear I was looking at a Diamond not a triangle, the interesting thing here is that (again) all 4 lights appeared to be angled downward suggesting to me that I was seeing a "Stealth" diamond craft, so I decided to chase it, I did so for about half a block till I reached a street corner (every so often looking up to make sure I hadn't lost it) when I got to said corner the thing stopped, as did I. I just stood there staring up at it for about 30 sec. or so when the lights just disappeared and I was left staring into space like an idiot.

Now you're probably saying to yourself "he says lights in a diamond shape, but never describes a craft of any type." "Just angled light in a diamond formation." and you're absolutely correct in that observation, the reason I didn't describe a craft is because I didn't see one! All I saw were for angled lights moving in a consistent diamond shape for a distance at a consistent speed for a half a block silently that just disappeared in front of my eyes. Those light couldn't have maintained that consistent a formation while remaining at that same angle and maintaining that speed if they weren't part of a craft. 
I'd love an (private) explanation thank you.
