{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-31 11:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499498","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59640","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2594,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/498/mufon-5499498.json","updb_database_id":5499498}
{nd} First a glowing sphere, then it came towards me, changed, and emitted some kind of energy field.

My son and I had gone mountain biking up to the Metwell trail in Kingman. He went home and I decided to go back out. I was standing on the summit not far from The old downtown. I was looking out over the downtown area when I saw a brilliant white light in the sky, exactly like the pictures I have seen. It was coming from the east, kinda floating. My first thought was to pull out my camera but I just had to focus on it and didn't feel the need to video it. At first I thought it might be a Mylar balloon, but then it came down real close. It was a brilliant white aura and all I could see were some slight dark vertical lines within the aura. The only thing I could think to relate it to would be like the shape of a hockey puck. It was so close and so brilliant it was hard to make out anything but the light,the lines were the only thing I could see to give it any kind of shape. It came in from the east almost floating like a feather, except the wind was from the south. It then started heading north along the ridge, I started to follow it then thought, " I can't chase this thing" so I stopped.I put my hands down to my side, and thought,"What? I'm here, talk to me". I showed no fear or aggression. Then it was as if it stopped to look at me. I SAW and FELT this web of energy come from it. It looked like lines of electrical energy connected together to form a web, like the lay lines of the earth. It felt like some kind of scanner, like it was collecting information. I actually felt a connection to it. When it left I saw a small zig-zag then I saw a small flash of orange and it was gone in a split second.         
  
 I also saw a UFO up in Meadview a few years ago. It moved exactly as Bob Lazar described it, And I was only a short UFO distance from area 51.So I have done some research and do believe what I saw and felt was very real and the most amazing thing I have ever seen.
