{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-03 02:34:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500498","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58605","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2390,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/498/mufon-5500498.json","updb_database_id":5500498}
{nd} I saw a large triangle of lights moving and turning and finally heading across the Sound towards the Olympic Mountains

I am a singer - I got home from a show late this evening. ...I stayed up late checking email and making chamomile tea... at 2: 34 am approximately I turned off all the lights and as I was passing a big picture window in my living room I noticed two hovering lights in the sky out over the Sound. 
At first I thought it must be an airplane except the lights were too far apart and they seemed to stay in one place for awhile. Then they were joined by two more lights that came in from the west. They looked to be larger and moving towards the first two lights. As I stood there transfixed, the cup of tea still in my hand, I watched as more lights appeared and it started to look like I was seeing aa huge triangle of lights gathering together...or just coming on one by one? My heart was actually pounding and I nearly felt like I couldn't move  - rooted watching this huge craft -? - or armada or ships. As I continued watching about a minute or more passed and slowly the triangle began to turn and then move all as one towards the South East and the Olympic Mountains. I started to think I should grab my binoculars but instead watched it move slowly away sparkling with white and pale yellow (and some very pale rose tinged light) It eventually disappeared from sight. I don''t know why I didn't run outside b to see it more closely but I really felt like I couldn't move.

It was not so much scary as it was a moment of proof of something I have known to be true from past experiences in my childhood in Ireland but at the same time when you cannot fathom what you are seeing and momentarily doubt your ability to be rational ....it is still making me feel adrenaline.
