{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-01 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506152","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52658","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2168,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/152/mufon-5506152.json","updb_database_id":5506152}
3 Red orbs in triangle formation and bright disc like craft hovering and flying from east to west

Im an amatuer astronomer. I was outside in my back yard in Leeds,UK, at the time with my 10 inch dobsonian telescope. I was looking at the planet jupiter at the time. 
I noticed a bright light in the sky. At first i thought it was just a star. So i ignored it at first. But as time moved on it appeared it moved. It was at first located near the star capella at around 22:00 but then an hour later it was located in the centre of the constellation auriga. So it caught my attention. As i looked at it. It appeared to start moving. As it got closer it sped up and more detail was visible. It stopped directly over me for about 1-2 minutes. I could see it was a disc or saucer shape with a black circle on the bottom of it. I was about 400ft - 500ft above me at the time. It then shot off toward the west out of sight. Then 3 red ords fell from the sky hovered in a line . They started moving around in a irregular way. Then they split off and went into a triangle pattern then the pattern started rotating from one side to another for around 40 minutes until the zoomed off faster then anything i have seen before one by one.

Afterwards I didn't know what to do. My dad was in hospital at the time so i couldnt tell him ( he is a big believer in the UFO stuff), And everyone else in the house doesnt believe in ufos and aliens so im stuck. I forgot about it for a week then this morning on a ufo documentary on the history channel it mentioned MUFON so i found it and reported my sighting.
