{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-06-19 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548152","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"12136","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2954,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/152/mufon-5548152.json","updb_database_id":5548152}
Round big light, 2 stories high right in front of us over a small corn field

My wife and I went to my mothers house for dinner. After dinner and visiting a while is was dark outside. My mother and her husband walked us out to the car and helped us get our kids in the car seats. We continued to talk in there driveway. My mother and my wife were facing North talking about what ever they were talking about and my Mothers husband and I were talking about whatever and him and I were facing South. There is a road that runs east to west right next to thier house. Next to that road is a small cornfield. Up that road looking west there is a tree line with some woods that runs into the cornfield. I and my mothers husband see a large round bright light slowly hovering west to east over the tree line, over the corn field and stops about 2 stories high right in front of us over the cornfeild. It sat there for at least 45 seconds, made no noise, no sound and all I could see was a round ball of light. It then traveled over the tree line of the corn feild towards town heading south at about 45 miles per hour. This object made NO sound. In our town, you do not see planes unless they are real high in the sky. This object ball of light was right in frony of us 20 feet away about 2 stories high.

I did not see metal, just a bright light. I and 3 other witnesses seen this object, however my wife does not believe in UFO's, however she can not explain what she saw. This area where my mother lives is like the sticks, there is not alot of houses and it was getting late. I never did ask around. I had no idea there was a place to report UFO's or I would have done it 3 years ago right after it happened.

I felt excited and a little scared, mostly excited. This bright light did not rotate as far as I could see, it reminded me of the size of the sun, but right in front of you. If I was to guess the size of the object if there was an object under that bright light, the light size would be like 3 times smaller than the big ball at Epcot, Walt Disney world.

I hope this helps. Dubuque Iowa is not a milatary town, I think we have a reserve national guardd center and you never see helicopters or planes.

This was the weirdest thing I ever saw and hope I see it again and hope to take photos next time now that I have at least a cell phone now with a camera.
