{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292152","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111173","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3191,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/152/mufon-5292152.json","updb_database_id":5292152}
Injected with halucinogen and several days later found foreign object in nose

I think this needs to be prefaced by saying im not sure i was abducted because i was asleep and im not sure how or if they took me to a different location. It might have all occured in my room but I think it's likely I was abducted and asleep during the entire abduction. It occured in about 2001 when I was about 3 years old. I was sleeping on the lower bunk of a bunk bed in my room on the lower floor alone. Then I had what I thought at the time, and what can still be explained as, a dream where I was given a needle and I remember at the time having never had a needle that I could remember (so like since I was a baby probably) and then having the most vivid dream I'd ever had where I was in what is in actuality a mosque, but my parents told me that it was a castle so I actually thought for years that I had gone into that "castle" and met the queen. and that can all be chalked up to a dream although like I said it was extremely vivid. The only other time I had a dream that vivid was when I was 8 and had the flu for 3 days and experienced sleep paralysis which was unpleasant. But the dream from the injection was very very pleasant and very real. And anyways the part that can't be explained away and what still sticks in my mind was that at church where I was definitely awake i was holding my moms hand and we were going upstairs and i was picking my nose cause I was a pretty big nose picker and I fished out a hard but squishy bloody fleshlike ellipsoid it was sort of smaller than a tic tac and slightly more round and it had very small holes all over it and the holes were barely noticeably raised around the edges. I didnt want anyone to know I picked my nose so I brushed it off on something and didn't tell anyone. I thought it was an organ or something in my nose because I was a child and didn't understand biology and stuff but I just started looking into alien videos cause i was watching true crime videos and I couldn't get enough of this one channel that also had a couple of alien videos so I kept watching and then I was like hey that sounds like what happened to me and upon looking into it I think it would be wrong to not let people know what happened to me because, and I'm sure you get this all the time, but I'm 100% sure about what was in my nose and i have no other explanation for it. Im not 100% on the dream because well dreams are weird but the science of biology cant explain how that came out of my nose i never shoved anything up there but my fingers i know that much.
