{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496152","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63257","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2888,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/152/mufon-5496152.json","updb_database_id":5496152}
{nd} Strange lights in the sky that moved in a line and flashed different colors.

I was getting ready to meet with two people to go on a run (I'll reference them as p1 and p2). I was waiting around in a parking lot when I looked into the sky and saw a pure red light. This struck me as odd because at first it seemed to be a plane of some sort except something was off about it. For starters, at first it was only giving off red light. No other color flashing like planes usually have. Second, it was moving strangely. It was like it was taking a large turn or even slowly spinning. Just in time, p1 showed up. I yelled for them to come look and by the time they got a good look the light was changing white. This suddenly made me think it was some type of average aircraft but something was still off. It almost seemed like it was spinning, revealing different colored lights as it spun. P1, a skeptic of sorts, admitted it was very strange. Then, p1 and I walked about 30 - 50 feet to meet p2. We brought to their attention the strange object to which they had nothing notable to say. But now it was turning turquoise, intermixing with the other color just like before. P1 offered to snap a picture and video with their phone. Strangely, the object came out white despite the fact it was clearly not white. This could be attributed to the low quality of the camera. Unfortuantely, she deleted the pictures under the claim that they were nothing more than a blurry white dot but preserved the video. We started the run and finished with no further incident. After p2 left, p1 and I decided to sit at a bench overlooking a canyon. As we sat a helicopter flew nearby with a very bright light I could only assume was a search light. It is not clear whether or not this is significant but I thought I might as well include it. This occured at around 6:45. We then walked to get food. On the way we witnessed another questionable scene. Looking up into the sky we saw 4 or 5 green lights moving in a straight path, seemingly following eachother. The lights, again, were a pure color which is strange for a plane. However, if I can recall correctly, at least 2 had some white light mixed in. There were planes in the visisble area. This occured at around 7:15. There were no more incidents after this.
