{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490152","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69442","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2187,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/152/mufon-5490152.json","updb_database_id":5490152}
three bright white oval shaped objects in the sky

I was upstairs in my home in my bedroom. I looked out the window noticing how clear and cloudless the evening was. Then I saw three white what I thought were clouds. Two small and one large. There were no other clouds in the sky. I thought maybe it was three airplanes. But there was no vapour trail and they were all moving at the exact same speed which wasn't very fast.It looked like three white ovals, the colour of clouds. Two small and one large. The larger one was in the middle and the one small was in front of the larger oval and the other small one was behind. At times, I thought I could see a silver dome shape on top of the larger one as if the sun was reflecting off of it. It was a perfectly clear day and as I said not a cloud in the sky. I continued to watch as they slowly moved in a NW direction across the sky. They were above the water, either the Annapolis basin or further out in the Bay of Fundy. It was difficult to guess the size of these objects or even if they were three separate objects or one large one with three different light points. By this time I had decided that this was not an airplane as I see these all the time flying over, usually planes from the nearby air force base, Greenwood. I watched for as long as I was able to see them, approx. 10 minutes. After this I sent outside to see if I could see them moving NW. I saw nothing. Again no vapour trails or anything. No clouds. Decided that I had indeed seen a UFO. Cool! Not sure if anyone else had seen this as well. I did tell a few people though.
