{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-13 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488152","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71499","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3265,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/152/mufon-5488152.json","updb_database_id":5488152}
{cak} One seem to land earlier after that two seemed to become closer & closer but still have not met. My brother and I are still watching these two balls of blinking lights; the balls of blinking lihgts are so far away it is hard to make out their shapes

My brother stays next door to me with my father. He is staying with me tonight, so we walked over to our fathers house to get him so clothes. While walking next door I happen to look up and see what looks like what would be a helicopter falling straight from the sky to the ground.                                         
  I told my brother Devin to look to make sure that I was really seeing what I thought I was. I said "Do you see that helicopter falling?", but as soon as I said that it seemed to go straight back up the way that it was just falling down. What initally had made me think that it was a helicopter was the blue light that was blinkning. I noticed that it wasnt blinking uncontrollably. It seemed to not have a certain pattern, also it moved up and down back and forth side to side and diagnally, and the most austonashing thing was how fast it moved and the way the light seemed to blink all the way around it like it was a ball or a spherical UFO that you would see on t.v. 
  After about30-35 min of watching this dancing blinking light out of no where i hear my brother Devin Shout my name, "Kirston Look", I turned to look and as soon as i did i seen what looked to be a white or silver spaceship that had an blinking orange pulsating bright light that seemed to be going towards the other unknown aircraft, but as soon as it got over the top of some trees thats where it seemed to land, out of sight behind the trees across the road from my house. 
  After the space ship was out of sight thats when i turned my attention back to what i believed to be an UFO. now not only the round one with the blue and white blinking lights i now saw a right slightly smaller and dimmer version of the 1st UFO i saw earlier tonight. While I was looking all i could do was stand frozen with fear of what might happen next. Im thinknig are these aircrafts goning to fight these ships or are they goin to join together to destroy us?, all these and more horrific thoughts ran threw my mind as if all at once. This started at 10:00pm October 13th, it is now 3:00am October 14th the blue and white UFO is still close to the red one but still has not come in contact with each other, although at times the blue one gets close but as soon as it get close enough it shoots back up farther away towards the sky and the small red one blinks and hovers in the same space slowly following the bigger blue one.
