{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-13 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5293152","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110163","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2204,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/152/mufon-5293152.json","updb_database_id":5293152}
I was out walking the dog and star gazing in the yard when I saw the object.

I first thought the UFO was a normal star or planet that would be up there but, then it just started moving to the North and then disappeared. I realized that when it moved North, it was in front of and blocking the view of the star that was actually there. It was a cloudless night so, there would have been nothing for it to disappear into. My guess is it cloaked. It was too high up to be able to make out any features so it looked just like a star and most likely up in space rather then in our orbit or atmosphere. I have witnessed other UFOs in the skies over this area and there are helicopters, planes, and I have also seen some satellites in the skies as well. These UFOs do not move like any of them nor do they have lights that flash like them. Sometimes, they move in zig zag patterns across the skies or just hover there until they decide to move. When they move, they take off quickly. The planes and helicopters in the area normally choose a straight direction toward where they are going and make noise. Helicopters can hover but I have never seen them do that around here. Satellites will move at a steady pace. UFOs move faster and can change direction seemingly on a dime. The UFOs I have seen are way up in space, do not make noise from what I can tell and normally appear to me as a singular white or orange light although sometimes, I can make out multiple light colors which could possibly be atmospheric interference. I can not tell from the distance. I'm just glad I have never been close enough to touch one.
