{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-11-30 04:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549152","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5854","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3107,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/152/mufon-5549152.json","updb_database_id":5549152}
I saw 2 large black triangular / boomerang shaped objects with 2 white lights and 1 larger center light blue light literally buzz over our apartment at roughly 4am PST in Los Angeles, CA

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?

I was outside my front door in my apartment complex smoking a cigarette looking up at the sky - looking at Orion.

2. What made you first notice the object?

Two things made me notice these objects; first they came right into my field of vision, the second, there was a very strong buzzing (electrical?) sound coming from the objects. It sounded like bees.

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?

I was stunned by what I was seeing - first a bird, then the lights, sounds and shape ruled that out, then I thought I was seeing a stealth bomber or like craft but because there were 2 of them and they were flying SO fast and SO close together, I couldn't see how pilots could fly that fast and that close.

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions.

There were 2 of what appeared to be identical triangle shaped objects with triangular wedges removed from the rear so they looked like 2 big black boomerangs. Each apparent craft had 2 smaller white lights on either side of the "underneath" towards the rear and a larger light blue light in the center of the "underside".

Their movements were very fast but the acceleration was unique, almost like they were pulling on a rope in successive bursts of speed. One of the objects appeared to be "playing" with the other - getting closer & buzzing by the other, going faster.

They basically moved straight across the sky for approximately 30 secs...

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.

Awe, my reaction was and is awe - I have never in my life seen anything like that - It was not a bird, it could have been some government test plane or unmanned drone or something but it was not your usual craft and the unique sound signatures they carried really solidified this feeling.

6. How did you lose sight of the object?

It went over the roof of our apartment. When I ran inside and upstairs to look out our balcony in the direction they were going but they were gone.

I made the attached sketch immediately after I witnessed these objects because they had such a profound affect on me.
