{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-10-03 19:19:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286152","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117239","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4626,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/152/mufon-5286152.json","updb_database_id":5286152}
1-2 V SHAPED CRAFT APPEARING APPROXIMATELY 20125 MINUTES APART

My previous report was inaccurate with date . So this is not the first time I have seen a ufo but this was the closest I have seen one only about 100-120 feet above me as it just cleared the tree tops. I reported it to MUFON but did not have the photo uploaded on my PC also was also not sure of the exact date. It is a very detailed story please be patient.  On October 3rd 2019 I had to replace a bandage on a rescue horse that I isolated on the other side of my pond. My neighbor and friend was supposed to meet me there to help as she was basically a feral horse and had not been handled that much. My neighbor was running late so I started over there just after dark. Maybe 45 minutes. It was a waxing crescent moon at 20 degrees to the south. Driving down to the farm gate on the dam my phone slid off the passenger seat unbeknownst to me as I braked to open the gate. As I stepped out of the truck and went to move around the open door a giant red light in the trees on the passenger side caught my eye and as I looked up I lost my balance and ended up at the bottom of the bank fortunately I kept to my feet. The apex of the front of the Ufo was passing over my head as it moved only about 20 mph I stood there watching it (and saw the moon between the wings ?)until the other end came into sight it was directly over my pond heading North and I then scrambled up the bank threw my torso into the truck frantically searching for my phone turned and opened my camera and was unable to load video I quickly deleted a couple of photos and took a snapshot of it as it was almost out of sight on the other side of the pond. Description one giant light at least 6-8ft in circumference flush with the underside of the craft cast no illumination on the pond other than reflection I could clearly see the entire outline because of the moon it was a medium grey I could not see any markings on it. The two white lights at each end of the craft were as big as the front one and did not cast a beam of light. After it disappeared from my view I drove through the farm gate ( note. One of the horses on my home side of the pond reacted to it ). I shut the gate behind me and my neighbor and friend showed up at the round pen to hold the horse about 5 minutes later. Had to use the head lights of truck so left running. I told her I had to tell her something when I was done. She held the horse while I cut off and rebandaged the hind leg which I do silently because I can’t be distracted not wanting to be kicked in the head. Once done I threw everything into a bucket and my friend was still holding the horse. My back as to the pond and I said you are not going to believe this and turned slightly to point at the farm gate on the dam and said “ I went to open the farm gate and almost fell into the pond as I saw this thing…” she interrupted me and pointing over my shoulder she said THAT? I turned and it was coming over again except over our heads at a different trajectory from south southwest to North northeast. We stood and watch it pass over the trees again at an angle to the road beyond the round pen. She does not believe in UFOs but she said she knows what she saw! First photo is of the craft with time stamp. Second and third photo is where I spotted it coming over the treetops. And Fourth where it passed over us at the round pen. I have since transferred about 5700 videos and photos from my camera I don’t ever want to be unable to record any event
