{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499152","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59995","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9637,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/152/mufon-5499152.json","updb_database_id":5499152}
{rjl} Two objects reacting with each other in the south/southwest skies, sometimes zigzagging in nature - then more objects noticed in the southern sky of different color/type.

My mother felt compelled to step onto one of our back porches to look at the night sky, because her and her husband witnessed objects in the southwestern sky from our house a year ago. She yelled for me to come and look, and in the southwestern sky, I saw two objects hovering. They never got too close to each other, but I noticed that they did not move like airplanes would. At first, I thought it may have been two military craft approaching each other and sending back and forth communication because this happened right after Obama went over Congress's head to promote airstrikes in the Middle East. I felt as though the two incidences were related. But the way these objects moved was unlike any aircraft I've seen. When one would move to the left, the other would then move to the left.. but not right away. It was as if they were challenging each other, or so I was thinking at the time. I pulled out my iPhone to try to snap photos/videos, but the objects were far away and my 8megapixel camera just didn't have the power to capture anything substantial. I was amazed at how the objects were able to zip upwards, then downwards, and from side to side... they were glowing red, and when I looked at them through binoculars, they seemed to be rotating many lights around them. The objects were not like "flying saucers" and yet they seemed to be rotating like you would imagine one to, with the multi colored lights being at the bottom of each vessel. After about half an hour of watching them, my mom and I noticed an airplane coming up towards the one on the right hand side. We both had a pretty bad feeling, because we'd realized at that point that these objects that were defying the laws of physics could not be man made. The airplane got closer to the object on the right hand side, and the object appeared to emit something red out of it, almost laser like, but with no sound, and suddenly the airplane was gone out of sight. It was as if it had disappeared, but then, very far south of us, my mom and I noticed what appeared to be lightning coming up from out of the ground, lighting up the entire south end of the sky (but not lighting up as high as the clouds.) There was no sound, no rolling thunder that we would normally hear, but we saw these lights flash multiple times as the evening progressed, and then less and less after about an hour of the airplane disappearing. We thought that was peculiar, but weren't about to get in our car and check anything out. The green swamp is what is south of us - lots of places for people to get lost (this is central Florida.) And no, WE DID NOT SEE SWAMP GAS. My 12 year old nephew was still awake because he knew my mom and I weren't stepping from the porch and had our eyes fixated on something we were witnessing. At first he would not come out to see what we saw, because he is very much a skeptic and makes fun of shows like UFO Hunters and Ancient Aliens. But we did convince him to come outside, and he saw what we saw - two objects hovering along with each other, but never too close to each other, always keeping a safe distance, but clearly having some sort of communication with each other, and moving in ways that no normal flying object could move. I don't care how crazy it sounds, but I know that a human being was not operating those vessels, as they would not be able to handle the G force. We also noticed that before one of the objects would move, it appeared to glow more brilliantly red, as if it were building up power to change position, and a little bit of a some kind of red colored emission would come out of the opposite end of whatever way the object moved. I gathered this to be some kind of propulsion system. We stayed outside to watch these objects for hours, thinking we'd see them whisk off into the sky at some point, or just disappear altogether (they did sometimes blink out of existence for a moment and appear at another somewhat close location, and it was like they did this instead of the red glowing thing sometimes to move - as if they chose which method they would use for their quick change of location.) We decided to scan around the rest of the sky and see if we noticed anything else peculiar, as we'd also witnessed 7 "shooting stars" in total throughout the evening - we assume due to the solar flares that were going on. The shooting stars ended up being in the news a few days later, but I saw one that was SO bright that I questioned how something could end up that close to the earth without leaving an impact. That was the first one of the shooting stars that I witnessed, also in the south sky. (Seems to be something about the southern sky where I live.) As we looked around the rest of the sky, my mom noticed a star like object in the sky to the southwest. She said it was very close at first, and then moved further away. I didn't see it until it moved further away. She felt as if it sensed her seeing it and that that's why it moved away. From where I was, with the naked eye, it looked like a really bright star. But when I looked with binoculars, I could see that it had a very different shape indeed. I don't really know how to explain it, except that it was sort of star like, but with a much longer bottom end. Almost like an 8 pointed star. Although it shined bright white from the naked eye, through the binoculars, I could see a distinct pattern that stretched from the center to each "arm" of the object. That distinct pattern reminded me of veins, as they seemed to go back and forth between being red and blue. Now, I am not saying that they pulsated in color. I don't know how to explain it. I am not color blind, but it was as if they could have been either color depending on how you looked at them. It was very odd. This object also moved like the others moved, although it was clearly moving further and further away from us, going in the southeast direction. I was beginning to become very used to these objects after seeing them for hours without them exiting the sky - I thought it almost to be a warning. Not to us regular people hanging out in the world living our lives, but to the government. I felt strongly that it was a warning to the government to stop the airstrikes and warmongering going on, something that could be easily covered up by "Oh, it was just solar flares acting up and shooting stars because of a meteor shower." Odd that I did not hear about this meteor shower beforehand, but I'll try to stifle my own contemplation and stick to the facts. I realized I'd only been paying attention to the southern portion of the sky so I looked to my left a little more, which made me face directly east. Low and behold, there was another object, identical to the one I was just looking at: a star like object. Everything about it was the same as the object I had just seen, so I didn't pay too much more attention to it, just that it also jolted back and forth and sideways sometimes, and seemed to be moving in the same direction as what I think of as it's counterpart. At that point, both things I saw were in sets of two, however, they were two different types of craft one hundred percent. I decided at that point to look directly above me to see if there was anything unusual in that part of the sky, and, as suspected, there was. This object was not trying to get further away or any closer, but seemed to be, for the most part, stationary in place. It did, however, sometimes jilt itself around like the others, for some unknown reason. When I looked at it through the binoculars and finally got them adjusted so that I could get a clear look, it was as if I'd just stepped into an episode of one of those tv shows my nephew makes so much fun of. It was clearly triangular in shape, with an orangish colored glowing body, but with a red nose (the nose being the part that I would imagine is the front pointy part.) By this point, all objects were visible in the sky at once, but in very different sections of the sky. I don't think they were related to each other, but may have all had a similar agenda. I really have no idea. They did not seem to care that the others were also inhabiting the airspace, and after seeing that first airplane that disappeared after trying to contact the first set of UFOs, I did not see another airplane all night long. I thought that was odd, considering that the Orlando airport often sends planes over our house, as well as another smaller regional airport. My mom and I stayed up all night to watch these things, as I'd never seen anything like it before (she has before) and we were certain we'd get to watch them whisk off quickly into the sky and disappear that way, but I never did. They moved slowly as they faded off into the sky and disappeared as it became daylight outside. By that point, I was too tired to continue watching and went into my house to sleep.
