{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-06 13:13:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525152","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30637","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3605,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/152/mufon-5525152.json","updb_database_id":5525152}
Strange silver doughnut shaped craft which opposes gravity

I was at my house inside my lounge eating my lunch when after around 10-15 minutes of sitting watching TV I noticed something in the corner of my eye which immediately caught my attention. The houses on my street are detached and the one which the object came over was a bungalow on the other side of the road. The object itself caught my attention because it was huge there is no word to describe the size of the object it was probably around 50 metres above the house across the road. 
The moment i saw the object i felt a chill run down my spine and almost felt inferior in some way, i had felt fine all day but all of a sudden i felt sick and scared and was sick due to this object. The object itself was a really strange shape is was the shape of a dohnut or as mathematics call it a "Torus". The object itself seemed to be a silvery/greyish colour and fully resemble an object which is constructed out of a very shiny reflective metal. 
As i started to video the object after i had ran for my camera the object seemed to be spinning vertically and horizontally but also seemed to change direction to the opposite of what it was O-ready doing which baffled me the most. Then the object appeared to be vibrating and shaking but at the same time slightly swirling on a rotation of the Y axis but as the object rotated it seemed to have an indent/Piece chipped away at one. The object at times was affected by other objects which were surrounding it as these smaller objects would speed up causing the bigger object to react by doing the same. Then the object appeared to just casually fly away until it just literally vanished without a trace.
At the time of the sighting i felt extremely scared(the most i've ever been) and also got an adrenaline rush like the worst i have ever had one. I noticed that the moment i saw the object that i went very cold and began to feel sick/ill and later on i was actually sick i also kept feeling chills going up my spine. After the sighting i was so mesmerized that the sighting is literally burnt into my memory i saw this 2 years ago but can remember like it was yesterday i also noticed that i was having an hard time sleeping due to this object and it seemed to have really caused some harm to me psychologically as it was constantly on my mind and if i went out with my friends i couldn't really get into the conversation this object was all i could think of.
I first lost sight of the object just after i stopped videoing as the object was too far away for my camera zoom, i noticed that the object just more or less vanished out of sight.

I would be very great full if you read all this and could give me some info on what this object really was. Oh sorry for changing the audio on my video as it was just me breathing heavily i just thought a peaceful song would make it look better.
