{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-09 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291152","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112186","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3021,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/152/mufon-5291152.json","updb_database_id":5291152}
Observed 10 to 12 pale orange orbs, perhaps slight glow, appeared to be at approx. height of low-flying prop. planes, moving slowly north

Last evening (Monday, Nov. 9, 2020), darkness having fallen, I was parked in the Ridgeview Park parking lot, in Waynesboro, VA, preparing to leave for home. Two early teen boys were bicycling in the lot, enjoying themselves. I looked up in the direction of the historical, downtown Waynesboro, and witnessed two, pale-orange, globe-like lights (or balls of light) moving in my field of vision from my right (south) to my left (north). They were moving slow across the sky (slow, or slower, than a typical satellite), but were much larger (at least as large as a small propeller-driven plane), and appeared to be, say, a few dozen city blocks from me at approximately 45 degrees. These two lights moved in a horizontal line in a northerly direction. The distance between them remained constant, approx. several hundred feet, I estimate. Then, there appeared two more, following the first two orbs, perhaps multiple hundreds of feet behind them, as if trailing them, again in a northerly direction. Then, two more appeared, then, two more, then two more still. Lastly, two more appeared, totaling twelve in all. All moving slowly, all easily delineated from the night sky. All an unusual pale orange. Then they are disappeared out of my field of view heading north. There were many trees obscuring my view in this park, so I could not see them anymore once they moved to my far left. No other characteristics to report, other than the last two orbs began to slowly turn and appeared to descend in their altitude toward the historic city proper. These two left my field of view as they dipped below the tree line quite some distance from me (hundreds, if not thousands of feet). The only other comment I can make is that I have never observed any objects in the sky of such an unusual orange color, pale, and quite a contrast to the dark sky. Anyone who would have looked up into the sky even in a well-lite city, would have witnessed these perfectly circular globes traversing the sky. This is the first time I have ever witnessed anything like this before. I am 67 years young, in very good health, have very good vision (need no eye ware), and a person of ethics and faith. It will be interesting to see who else reports this phenomenon. And how the authorities will explain this. Sincerely.
