{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527152","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28490","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3305,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/152/mufon-5527152.json","updb_database_id":5527152}
Huge craft, up close, hanging in the sky like a half moon

My experience took place in the summer of 1979. I believe it was July but it's possible that it was June or August. My sister and I were driving north on I-75 in Burton, Michigan. It was probably close to 8:00 pm. It was still light outside and we were looking at the moon in the sky and suddenly we both realized that there was something wrong with it. So I pulled off the expressway onto the shoulder of the road so I could see it without worrying about traffic. After I pulled over, the "half-moon", which had been hanging motionless in a vertical position, tilted to an horizonal position and began to descend towards us. Of course, we then realized that it wasn't the moon at all.

It was a huge metallic craft. It wasn't exactly round but it had rounded corners. It's color was a silver/gray. Large rectangular windows went around the center of the craft. Something rotated on it but I don't recall what it was. My sister said it had a dome. Again I don't recall that because my eyes were fixed on those well-lit rectangular windows. The craft was descending slowly towards us. It didn't make any noise at all (we had the windows rolled down). It also had colored lights on the ends of the body. There were at least two colored lights, maybe more. I don't recall the colors but they were normal ones like red, blue, or green. It was coming so close that I expected to see something in those windows. 

About this time, a car pulled off the expressway behind my car. Some guy asking if we needed help. As soon as this guy pulled behind us, the craft switched directions and quickly flew to the left. It made a 90 degree turn without turning. It just stopped in mid-air and flew left instead of forward. The kind stranger didn't see it until I pointed to it. But he didn't see it like we did. He saw enough to know it wasn't a plane, helocoper, etc.

I believe that if that guy hadn't pulled over that we would've been abducted. No doubt in our minds that it was coming for us. Neither one of us were scared. We were excited.

I believe the reason that it was hanging in the sky in that location (above and to the right of Bishop Airport)was because Bishop Airport was having an air show that weekend. Some of the pilots of the WWII airplanes were flying around the air field and I believe this UFO was observing them. I did check the time after the craft flew away to make sure we didn't lose any time and it was probably about 10 minutes later. My car didn't stall out at any time. I've never reported this to any authority because we didn't know who to call and calling the cops didn't seem like the right thing to do since there was no crime.
