{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-03-09 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289152","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114206","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2643,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/152/mufon-5289152.json","updb_database_id":5289152}
2 triangles 1 solid the other same size and shape but could see through it unlike 1st triangle blocked out sky and stars

While working at Death Valley Furnace creek ranch and resort i would often drive over towns pass and camp in and around Bishop Ca. on my days off.
On one particular trip I was at a lower camp ground in Lone Pine Ca. below Mt. Whitney, I had just un packed and was laying on my back on a picnic table when i observed something moving extremely slow and was Triangle shape and was HUGE cruising soundless right over my head with no lights i also observed it was blocking out the stars and sky, I observed this craft for at least 15 minutes in awe, right behind the triangle craft was another bunch of lights shaped in formation exactly like the 1st craft and was the same in size but instead of being a single craft it was 5 or 6 lights but i could see through to the stars with this triangle and there was one lagging light that was trailing in the back right of the triangle and right over my head the lagging light switched places with the front point light of triangle and the front light went to the lagging back right light, I watched these 2 triangle craft until they disappeared from my sight. The reason im writing to you now is because im tired of watching things about the Phoenix Lights where there calling them flares or jets. I believe i witnessed at Mt. Whitney the same thing Phoenix witnessed that night in March although i witnessed 2 different things one solid that blocked out sky and of course the 5 or 6 separate crafts that were individual in nature. Hopefully this will put that debate to rest. I am not shy about my sighting i have told many people of this . My then girlfriend was with me that night but i cant remember if she was outside with me or in our van sleeping but i did remember talking with her about it in the morning. I remember this like it was yesterday and never really put 2n2 together that it was probably the same thing Phoenix saw. Feel free to call or write. Sincerely [name removed]
