{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-10-18 04:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452269","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109374","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2886,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/269/mufon-5452269.json","updb_database_id":5452269}
Object flew straight from southerly to northerly direction. Big bright ring appeared object entered center and ring developed cone shape then inverted

On approximately October 18th 2017 driving northbound to work at 4:20 a.m. on my motorcycle along the highway 86 expressway between Mecca and Thermal California. I observed a bright light coming from my left rear area over my shoulder approximately 45 degrees up in the night sky. It was traveling at a very high rate of speed and was able to cover a distance of approximately 70 miles in less than 10 seconds. The object was a pinpoint but much brighter than any stars around it. from my position on the expressway halfway between Mecca and Thermal California when I first observed the object it would have been over the Oasis area in Riverside county it traveled North and disappeared over the San gorgonio pass area. before disappearing when it had travelled approximately three-quarters of the path that I observed a bright white thin donut shape of light appeared ahead of it over the San gorgonio pass area. There appeared to be a mist of some sort going from the exterior of the Ring into the inside of the donut shape. When the object entered the middle of the circle, a cone shape began to develop following the bright pinpoint of light. Eventually the circle disappeared following the cone shape into the pinpoint till it disappeared. This is where it gets interesting approximately eight nine months later in the middle of 2018. Perhaps as late as July or August of 2018, my father-in-law gave me three magazines one of which was entitled theoretical mathematical equations for time travel. Lo and behold on the lower left side of the cover what's a depiction of what I had seen in the early morning sky that day. A circle with a cone behind it. Now I ask if I saw what I did in 2017 and a magazine in 2018 had the actual depiction on its front cover entitled theoretical mathematical equations for time travel, are they merely theoretical???? I have waited so long to find somewhere where I could post this information and get an answer as to what I may have seen. If anyone can tell me what magazine it was it was some sort of scientific journal. but the cover did have the title theoretical mathematical equations for time travel.
