{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-01-10 23:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463269","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97684","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2575,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/269/mufon-5463269.json","updb_database_id":5463269}
{cak} walk outside ¬iced 2 blinking red lights from a silent aircraft hoving over the field across the street to the west. It hovered and slowly moved westward with lights on either end flasing. Took about 3 or 4 minutes for it to move out of sight.

Typical weeknight. Doing a few chores before calling it a night. Finished folding laundry and decided to go out for a cigarette before going to bed. (We were not drinking or impaired, we just enjoy the occasional tobacco cigarette 🙃) Anyways my husband and I walked out the front door, put our headphones on to listen to music, lit our cigarettes, and stood there for a moment. Then I saw husband moved and squint as though he was looking at something in the yard. I assumed it was a just a deer or some other animal. But he pulled off his headphones and and gestured to me and said 1 look at those lights over the field, is that a ufo?!1 My fist thought was 1ya right, good odd joke.1 But when I looked up where he pointed, sure enough there it was.. We were shocked, not something you think you1d ever see. It was dark so we couldn1t make out what type of aircradt it was. Just that it had a flashing red light on either end. The lights flashed at the same interval just opposite of each other. ( right side flashed, and about an second later the left side would flash.) It reminded me of a drone with the flashing lights, and the hovering, but it was over the field across the road from our house, which is pretty far and the lights on the aircraft were pretty far from each other. My husband guesses that the aircraft was almost as long as a side of our house, so approximately 50 ft across. It was much too large to be a drone. It didn1t fly quickly like jet or a crop duster. It silently hovered over the field and slowly moved westward. We lost sight of it after about 3 or 4 minutes when our view became blocked by the trees. The complete silence while the aircraft hovered was eerie, not even the slightest sound came from it.
