{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-23 18:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508269","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50224","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4385,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/269/mufon-5508269.json","updb_database_id":5508269}
{nd} large, shimmering, translucent shape in daylight sky over Southern Arizona

At approximately 6:15PM on August 23, 2013 my wife and I were traveling South along N 11 Mile Corner Road, just outside of Casa Grande, AZ. We were traveling at 55 - 60 mph and had just passed the intersection of N 11 Mile Corner Road and E. Kleck Rd. It was daylight and the sun was above the horizon and to our right (West). We were and remain unable to identify a large shape we saw moving through the sky at that time.

Initially, I noticed a large shape to my 10 oclock at 15 - 20 degrees off the horizon. It was about three quarters of a mile distant and was moving East to West, parallel to Highway 287 (about 1 mile away) and perpendicular to our direction of travel. I was about to dismiss the shape as a flock of birds until shimmering and/or reflected light caught my eye. I noted the shape undulated and flowed as would a flock of birds, but there were no birds visible in or around the shape. The shape was translucent with a diffuse edge. I could see sky through the shape. I commented to my wife, "What is that?" as I slowed the vehicle.

My wife acknowledged seeing the shape and expressed curiosity as I continued to drive. She agreed this was not a flock of birds and was similarly unable to identify what we were seeing. We observed the shape for about 10 seconds before it descended slightly and disappeared behind some trees: Long enough to capture our interest but not long enough to get at the iPhone to document the event. The shape reappeared a second or two later and changed direction. We further observed the shape for less than 5 seconds before it seemingly blended into the background and disappeared.

After initially sighting the shape, it passed behind a water tower located West of N 11 Mile Corner Road. The tower is about 60 feet in height. We were roughly a half mile from the tower as the shape passed behind it. The shape was roughly 3 times the height of the tower with a length to height ratio of about 4 to 1. An absolute size for the shape is difficult to estimate as the shape was some distance beyond the tower.

The shape had no markings and appeared to be under its own power. The overall geometry was rectangular. It narrowed slightly at West end. Corners were poorly defined and slightly rounded. The shape appeared thin, almost ribbon-like. My wife remarked it resembled a transparent advertising banner that moved like a flock of birds as it reflected sunlight and shimmered. It lacked a tow plane or any notable form of propulsion.

Within several seconds of passing behind the water tower the shape banked / rolled toward the ground and disappeared behind a growth of trees. It emerged several seconds later moving in a new direction - South. We lost sight within a few seconds of its reappearance as the it simply blended into the background.

The shape appeared to be following a newly installed line of high tension power lines. The turn South corresponded to the location where the power lines turned South.

The overall speed of the shape is in question. Given the distance to the shape and covered during the sighting, I estimate the speed to be between 60-100 mph. Comparatively, it was far faster than a flock of birds but a bit too slow for an aircraft.

The observation was not a traditional UFO. It was unusual and unexpected. It was almost as if we were seeing a cloaked object from some science fiction movie. It shimmered and occasionally reflected light. It had an overall outline to it, albeit a poorly defined outline. You could see blue sky through the shape. It had no remarkable shape.

The sighting happened quickly enough that there was no time to open and start the photo ap in the iPhone. All we had along at the time.
