{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-11 20:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488269","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71380","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4082,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/269/mufon-5488269.json","updb_database_id":5488269}
{cak} Deep red fuzzy ball of light

Got home from church and needed to take my dog for a short walk before I started to settle in for the evening.. It was before 8pm.. While walking the dog if the nights are clear I like to watch the skies for satellites, stars, meteors, planets etc etc.. I got to the stop sign at the end of my street (Green dot in pic) and had noticed a lot of dogs barking off in the distance to the south.. enough so that my dog focused in on it and she does not always fixate on dogs barking.. 
Normally we would make a left turn and cross the other side of the street and head back to the house.. My dog would not budge she was just fixated in that direction.. about that point I happened to notice a very deep red light sort of fuzzy.. probably less than 500 feet off the ground and appearing a short distance above the tree line.. 
At first I just blew it off as a tower light and then began to think there was no towers I know of in that direction.. It was about that time the light/object very slowly began to move in an easterly direction.. From my location it looked like it traveled the distance of the width of the street .. maybe two or three times that and took about 20 seconds doing so.. (pic position 1 to position 2). 

Very suddenly it accelerated and quickly shot maybe about 100 yards further eastward (position 2 to 3 in pic) in about 2 seconds.. 
in that position it was starting to get behind some of the trees between myself and the object.. But still somewhat visible.. from there it appeared to make a sharp right turn 90 deg to the south, and or may have possibly descended a little.. hard to say for sure from where I was.. Disappeared behind the tree line at that point.. Watched for about 2 minutes over all but nothing further appeared.. the dogs at the far end of the road seemed to stop barking and my dog no longer fixated on that end of the road and wanted to continue her walk.. At that point I took notice of the time on my phone.. .. The sky was clear, Maybe about 80 degF.. During the sighting when it first started to move because of the slow level short distance I almost thought someone may have been flying a drone.. until the sudden acceleration and distance it covered.. I have a couple small drones myself and am aware of how nimble they can be and with some of the lights am also aware they could be confused with other things.. 
It was just the apparent distance it covered in a short time and the odd color of the light, the possible angular turn and the facts that I did not see it again and coupled with the dogs barking.. When I flew my small drones in my yard at night they look cool but they are hard to fly because of the night and all the challenges that presents.. But when i flew mine.. I would fly mine for more than just 1 or more minutes.. It is mostly open fields at the end of the road.. oil fields.. fenced in.. a lot of tall brush.. not some place you would want to fly or lose your fun toy for a chance no one would see it.. 

Finished my walk came into the house and started this report.. 
Looked at some light color charts and the color of the object was probably somewhere between 650 and 670 nano-meters on the attached color chart.. it was just an odd color..
