{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502269","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56741","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2422,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/269/mufon-5502269.json","updb_database_id":5502269}
Two objects moving back and forth in sky then hovered for extended period of time. No sound. Very bright red and green lights in the shape of a cross.

I was driving home between 10:30 and 11:00 pm. I stopped at a light and noticed a bright red light out of the corner of my eye. I wondered if it was a cell phone tower or some kind of tower. I've driven this route many times at night and never noticed this light before. As I started driving I noticed that the red light was actually a large object hovering in the sky. At first I thought it must be a plane or helicopter because it had red and green lights that seemed to be in the shape of a cross, which I thought was strange. It was quite large and I'd never seen a plane or helicopter that size, or one that showed both red and green lights at the same time. Then it moved across the sky. I followed it with my eyes and saw a second one. It too moved across the sky and then stayed still and hovered. (I'm driving the whole time). I watched them for about 15 minutes, then I phoned home and told my husband to look out the window (we live on hill). I heard him say, "Yes, Green and Red lights." So he saw it too. By the time I got home they were gone. I lost sight of the objects because I was no longer on a hill. Once I drove to the bottom, the objects were lost in the skyline that was crowded with trees and buildings. The impression I had was that the two objects were working together and they seemed to be observing or looking for something. My husband who went outside, and had the patio door open said he didn't hear any sound from the object (He only saw one). He tried to take a picture but it didn't work. I'm sure this sounds very strange, but the shape of these objects reminded me of the starship Enterprise.

I'd really like to know what these are?
