{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-07-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549269","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5122","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2296,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/269/mufon-5549269.json","updb_database_id":5549269}
Black Triangle, 1 large red light & 3 smaller white lights underneath

I was driving westbound on I-80 between Mishiwaka and South Bend. As I approached the first South Bend exit I noticed what appeared to be the landing lights of a plane on the south side of the highway. It was somewhat curious as the plane didn't seem to be descending. 

After a mile or so as I continued west and got closer to the lights, I couldn't help but notice that the white lights seemed fixed in the sky. When I got near the exit, I noticed a brief white flash so I looked over at the lights, which by this time where directly south of me. I was stunned to see a large black triangular object in the sky with a large red light on the bottom in the middle with 3 white lights on the bottom near the corners of the triangle. 

Because there was a great deal of ambient light from the surrounding area the clouds in the sky where a dark flat grey, but the object body itself was distinctly black. The white lights that I thought were landing lights appeared to be on the side of the object that faced east.

Since the object was almost directly in my line of sight as I approached the South Bend exit and the road curved gently away to the right over the mile or so it took me to get to the exit, I estimate the object to be about 1 quarter of a mile south of the highway and at least 250 feet in the air. Based on the diameter of the object relative to it's altitude, it seemed to be at least 60 feet in diameter.

I didn't have a camera available and couldn't stop due to heavy traffic. By the time traffic settled down to where I could think about pulling over, I had gone over a hill and couldn't see the object anymore.
