{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468269","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92320","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2522,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/269/mufon-5468269.json","updb_database_id":5468269}
Silver like UFOS surounded by a Purple gas that left a trail. Looked like an orb from a distance.

It was Guy fawks carnival night a few years ago when I lived in Somerset England, where I was raised. Thousands come to the town for the world's largest float carnival. 

I was sat in the window listening to music looking out towards where the parade was. 

Several glowing lights started approaching over the houses at the back. 
At first I thought they were Chinese lanterns, as someone frequently let lanterns off in the area. 

These however were purple in colour. 

As the 8 lights got closer I realized that it wasn't Chinese lanterns but something much bigger. 
They flew directly above me, about the size of a car and so close to the roof top I could see the detail and material of the objects. 

The ship it self was like something off a film. It looked like it was made of silver and had a circular glowing light in the middle. 
Around it was a gas like substance that glowed purple and was bright in appearance. 
As they moved, a trail of the gas was left behind it. 
After I came around from the shock of what I was seeing I got my phone to take a picture. But the phone was playing up and freezing. 

So I ran down stairs yelling to my family that their were spaceships above the house, I wanted them to see. 

At first they all laughed but i ran to the front of the house and they followed. 
They then saw the ships flying away for some distance then they disapeared. 
My parents, sister, brothers, I and 2 neighbors witnessed this particular event. 
Later on I learn't my work colleagues husband and 3 people driving on the motor way that night which is not far from our house also witnessed the same UFO's that night. 

I'd like to add there is a guy in Taunton a town near by that has said November time in somerset he gets lots of reports. He has been documenting local UFO sightings since the 70's.
