{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-22 01:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503269","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55687","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2420,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/269/mufon-5503269.json","updb_database_id":5503269}
{rjl} dull orange lights in the form of a triangle with darker almost transparent background totally silent

On Tuesday morning April 22nd 2014 I went into my backyard which faces north east to try and view the lynids meteor shower. I was only out for a few minutes and had not seen a meteor when some movement drew my eye a bit to my left. When I focused on the object I was stunned to see very dim, orange lights in a triangle pattern. It was totally silent and seemed to flow smoothly through the sky. At first it looked like it had a solid black triangle base (I think there were 7 lights but I'm not sure I was to busy freaking out!) but then it seemed that it wasn't solid and was almost transparent but there was definitely mass between the lights, they were not free floating orbs but as it started to disappear (somewhere between 5 to 10 seconds later) it was no longer a perfect triangle. It looked as if one of the lights had shifted a bit. This could have been due to it turning or something but I can't be sure because I lost sight of it. It seemed to only be a few thousand ft high and moved very fast. After it disappeared I stood there with my heart thudding and wondering what the hell had I just seen!? Then I rushed back into my house to get my phone. I noticed the time was 1:24am. I called a friend of mine and got no answer so I then looked up the number to deer valley airport which is just south west of my home. I spoke to a man named josh but he was unable to give me any info but he got a kick out of my story.  
The object was not bright and easily noticeable. If I had not been staring intently at that sky I would have not caught it. I would describe it as "stealthy" silent and smooth. It was totally unreal looking. I'm hoping others got a glimpse of it while they were out star gazing and report it!
