{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-05-01 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287269","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116107","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2291,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/269/mufon-5287269.json","updb_database_id":5287269}
30 foot self illuminated sphere hovered 20 feet above my head for 60 seconds.

An estimated 30 foot self illuminated sphere flew down the beach in Corpus Christi, Tx and then hovered 20 feet over my head before continuing on its path. I finally feel it is ok to talk about it. It was around 10pm on North Padre island on the gulf. We were at the beach when a white light appeared in the distance moving south towards us. As it got closer I kept waiting to hear a helicopter but there was no sound and I noticed it was a brilliant light like a star came down to earth. We realized it was something else and we went from sitting in the sand to laying in the sand. When it got over us it just hovered like it knew we were there and the immediate area was illuminated. Close up it was still silent. It was just a huge sphere of light, it seemed to have a barely visible core and so often would pulse and send ripples through the light like throwing a rock in a pond. when the ripple reached the edge a little flicker would appear like a curved flame. There was also something in it I can only describe as black tracers. This thing was not connected to a craft that I could see. We had that strong feeling of being watched though. It hovered for a minute while no one moved or breathed it felt like forever. It was super bright yet did not hurt our eyes to look at, like plasma or neon. With no sounds of propulsion it carried on its way down the beach until it shot out of sight. It was so close we could see all the detail and I don't know of anything in our inventory of craft that could explain it. Its been 21 years and I really need to know what it was. Sorry no cell phone to take a pic back then.
