{"collection":"UPDB-Skinwalker","document_date":"2007-09-01 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-skinwalker-report-6034831","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"UR-20070901-3","source_file":"UPDB-Skinwalker/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":6034831,"updb_source":"SKINWALKER"}
Security Guard observes a red orb maneuvering through the trees. Stolle moved toward the ranch vehicle to initiate a western patrol. Stolle noticed one of the ranch dogs huddled at the back of the vehicle. As Stolle attempted to get the dog to move, the dog crawled underneath the vehicle. The caretaker Dietz had to assist in getting the dog out from under the vehicle by coaxing it with a dog biscuit. This was abnormal behavior for the animal. As Stolle was driving west along the dirt road at approximately 9:17 p.m. he suddenly got goose bumps on his arms and the hairs on his arms stood straight up. He looked to his left (south) and observed a softball-sized round orb in the field about 25 to 30 yards away. The orb traveled through the field and disappeared around the first incline heading west. Stolle stopped the vehicle, then turned the vehicle around and returned to Homestead 1. Stolle reported what he had observed to Dietz and entered the trailer and reported the incident to the Security Chief via telephone. Dietz, standing in the backyard of Homestead 1, then observed a white orb come down from the sky and hit the ground in the pasture. Dietz reported this to Stolle. While Stolle and Dietz were watching for additional events, they observed several abnormal “blinking stars.” While looking through binoculars they observed these were not stars – they were some sort of object that remained in place with red, green, and white lights spinning around the lower half of the object. This sighting occurred to the South at great distance with an angle about 45 feet above the horizon. Stolle and Dietz observed one to two dozen more of these objects throughout all quadrants of the sky. Stolle and Dietz entered the vehicle and began travelling west on the dirt road. As they approached Homestead 2, Stolle looked over his left shoulder, (southeast) and observed a red orb travelling through the trees. They continued to the West Gate where they continued to see the distant objects in the sky. These objects usually appeared in pairs low above the horizon. Throughout the sightings, Stolle and Dietz were excited and thought it was wonderful they were experiencing this. After the sighting experience while in the Homestead 1 trailer, Stolle was exhausted, tired, and sore – he felt as if he’d been beaten up.. 

Catalog Entry: UR-20070901-3
Local Time: 22:17
Shape: Round - Orb
Size (Meters): Not stated
Trajectory (Lift / Propulsion): Direction: Not stated
 Movement: Through trees
 Speed:
 Distance:
 Altitude:
 Angle of Observation: Assume Level?
 Effects:
