{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-02-04 16:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512726","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45583","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2459,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/726/mufon-5512726.json","updb_database_id":5512726}
{cak} 3 to 4 orb like transparent like objects , after one dark object

Monday Afternoon February 4th 2013 , appx 4:45pm EST
West Palm Beach Florida , Village Blvd Area just south of 45th St.

Sky Conditions : Crystal Clear and sunny , solid blue sky background.

While sitting on my patio speaking with my father, I was sitting in a chair facing south east . The Sky was solid blue without a cloud in sight.

Suddenly I see an odd glowing orb barely visible at an area higher in the sky then Ive ever seen any aircraft or helicopters. The object had a faint flicker of light and glow to it. The distance is unknown since i had no clouds for reference, but i assume a few miles away easily,possibly farther. The object was small enough to fit at its distance from me to be covered by a pen tip.

As I strain to watch the object disappears then reappears suddenly to the right, after this shift in movement , 3 other similar object appear and seem to form some form of a pattern. At this point within 30 seconds after an odd dark object appeared to the left of my initial glowing orbs, appearing to be bigger in size then the other objects. It seemed like this darker object scared away the the initial 3-4 orbs i saw.Almost like it was sent to intercept them. Shortly after it to disappeared. None of these object sped away , all just vanished in the spots they where in. I have lived at my current house many years,and observed the sky at various times of the year and day. What I saw was unique and very hard to see , if i had not been in my exact spot staring in that general direction there is no way i would have spotted what i saw. 

Truly a unique experience, whatever I saw was not natural , it was some craft under intelligent control. I had my iphone , but these object where hard to see with the naked eye , the photo would have showed nothing.
