{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-02-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287726","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115646","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3932,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/726/mufon-5287726.json","updb_database_id":5287726}
This object interacted with us while driving down Rt 9 Hadley Ma to UMass Amherst. It was first seen from at least 2 miles away hovering .

This object was observed on the Sunday night of the winter 1988 Olympics of the Battling Carmens ice-skating event. Three of us were were en route from Northampton Ma to UMass Amherst to drop off one party at the Southwest Residential area. It was very cold but a clear night. There was once a railway crossing on Rt 9 before you get to the Mall areas. Somewhere about there, I observed a large ball of light low in the sky. I did not say anything to my passengers, but kept driving. Soon thereafter, one of the passengers asked me "what is that?" At that point we all three began to watch. As we approached Mt. Farms Mall (at that time referred to as the Dead Mall), we could see that the light was bigger and brighter and hovering over the Hampshire Mall. It was clearly not a street light or a light fixture on the building facility. 
We decided to investigate. The light had moved over the wetland area adjacent but east-side of the Hampshire Mall. I drove in that direction toward the object and it moved southward across the wetland to the fields area. We drove around the side behind to the movie theatre exit. it appeared to be moving slowly along the fields of South Maple St. We decided to follow. It moved slowly down the street but remained over the fields. We stopped after a quarter of a mile, as it moved farther into the darkness and farm areas. We could still see it but turned around. It followed us for a second or two up Rt 9 but veered off toward the south.
We dropped off one passenger at UMass and two of us headed back to Northampton. After we passed the Mall area and into undeveloped area, the light appeared on the driver's side. It appeared quickly. We both exclaimed "There it is!" It was tree top or lower. I could see a red pulsating light that looked fluid in motion, moving rapidly around the object. I had a very clear view, but the bottom light blocked out the view of the top portion. It looked huge. It appeared to want us to follow it. At the corner of West St and Russell, we turned left and it moved down the street toward the farm areas. We stopped and it stopped. It came back toward us and we proceeded again to head in the direction toward Bay Rd and the CT river area. Each time I stopped, it stopped and came back for us. I frequently drove down Bay Rd, but hesitated due the object and the darkness. My friend kept saying "It's playing with us". I said to her "there is a police office just off Russell St. Let's got there and get them to come out to look."
The object zipped away. AT NO TIME WAS THERE ANY SOUND. We both were surprised. My friend remarked that it appeared that it could hear us. We returned to Northampton without seeing it again.
I have thought of this for years. Each time I am in Hadley/Amherst, I go over this experience and often wonder if anyone else saw the object on that night. It was around midnight, so traffic was sparse. At that time, we all three worked at UMass. We moved on to other job positions out of the state. One friend passed away in 2016. The other friend lives and works in the Boston area. I am retired and live in CT. 
If there are any others who witnessed this I would love to hear your story.
