{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-03-17 15:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457726","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103842","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2316,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/726/mufon-5457726.json","updb_database_id":5457726}
I think 2 Black ships were Ascending and descending while smaller crafts exited one of them.

In the afternoon of March 7, 2019 I saw a flutter of shadows inside my travel RV coming from outside. When I looked out at first I thought the wind had caught up a bunch of white semitransparent plastic bags causing them to slowly whirl in the sky. But the wind was not strong enough and they were flying in a group.
There were at least 10 clear objects originally that looked like doughnuts with a dark spot in the middle giving them the shape of saucers. Somehow I knew there were beings inside them.
I then saw two immense black square objects with what looked like tails at the bottom and they were positioned on either side of the group of transparent vehicles, one black object descending and the other ascending. The transparent objects were coming out of the one black object ascending. The other black object descended behind a hill out of sight.
The transparent objects began as rolled up tubes and once they exited the black object, they slowly unfolded and touched each other for just a few seconds and then each object split in to another of the same. In the end I counted over 40.
This whole time I was not afraid and something assured me they were not dangerous.
The black object just disappeared and the other transparent objects winking out as they all floated up and to the east.
This is when I spotted 2 jets flying over head as if to try and intersect them. One jet was coming from the south west and the other jet came from the north east. They were as high as the top of the cumulonimbus clouds coming in from the north.
I think this event lasted between 10 and 15 minutes. I have no pictures for this event.
