{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-08-01 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490726","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68850","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3114,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/726/mufon-5490726.json","updb_database_id":5490726}
I experience a Ball of light that would appear in my room when i was in bed and as it came closer to my chest, I would remain paralyzed, I was just 4 years old at the time, but about 3 to 4 years ago, I learned that it happened to all 5 of us.

We lived about 20 to 30 feet near the ocean in Arecibo, Puerto Rico in a wooden house. It was me, my brother, two sisters and my mother. The events occurred roughly around 1977 to 1978, don't recall the exact day or month, but it occurred during the night. I would experience this ball of light that would get smaller as it came closer to me, and I felt as if I couldn't breath and It used to paralyzed me, and I couldn't even talk or move. I thought that it was just a recuring nightmare, and never said a word to anyone. Fastforward to about 4 years ago, and we were telling family stories in my mothers home, when my mother started telling her story about the ball of light that used to come at night and as it came closer to her, she would experience the same thing that I did. Then my siter said that it used to happen to her too. We found out that it happened to all of us, all five of us. Then I knew that it couldn't had been nightmares that I used have, because 5 people can not have the same nightmares at the same time and place. My older sister then said that she witnessed shadow people standing by her bed, and that they used touch her in sick ways and used to laugh at her. My mother also said she had seen an USO come out the ocean at night, when she was looking out to the ocean around 2 to 3 am. I also keep waking up at 3:27am for some reason, it always happens. i am sensetive to light and like to always have the lights off. I was just a child back then, around 4 years old, but I have never forgotten that. After we moved from that house in 1980, none of my family ever expirience that again, but I have expiriced it, the last time was about 4 months ago. I did not see the ball of light, but expirimce sleep paralysis. My son was sleeping next to me and I could not move or talk, I kept trying to tell my son to help me, but couldn't speak or move, it was a scary experience, as is always has been. I want to know if MUFON ever had cases like this one? I would appreciate any help or information that MUFON maybe able to provide me. I swear that everything I just wrote is the truth. My mother was diagnosed with Alzhimer's and she is 65 years old, I want to be able to provide my family with some answers, especially my mother while she is still cognizant. Thank you!
