{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-12-27 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529726","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25786","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3997,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/726/mufon-5529726.json","updb_database_id":5529726}
red light down the hill over the railroad track moving over track up and down the banks and then on around and then shot straight up out of sight

We as a family took an annual trip to Burnsville during the week between Christmas and New Years at a cabin north of Burnsville to spend vacation and celebrate New Years there. My husband and I always stayed upstairs in this A-frame home facing the river and the train tracks that were 2 or 3 hundred yards down hill from the cabin. Well it was always something we did with the kids, that is, we would meet in our room and tell stories at night. I know what your already thinking and that is why I have just dropped it even though it comes up often. We were telling a story and we had it dark and we were all sitting around on floor and bed. We were all facing the big sliding glass doors which faced out over the river and train tracks. As we were talking we all noticed this red light, from that distance it was the size of maybe a small baseball, down around the track area. We knew it wasn't a train because there was no noise, however we thought it might be one of those pump carts where a person checks out the track, but we didn't see any other lights, so we watched it. It seemed to glide at a pretty smooth consistant movement like it was going around the track but then on one side of the tracks was or is a very high bank which goes all the way up to the main highway that goes up and over the mountain. All of ther sudden it started darting up the bank and then down again and did this about 3 times, then returned to its smooth movement around what we knew as the direction of the track. You go so far and then it makes a turn around to the left and goes behind some trees for a short distant where we lost track for a few seconds then it cleared the other side and continued on around for a few more seconds and where we would have lost sight of it completely, all of the sudden it shot like an arrow up in the sky like a bullet and dissapeared. We all just sat there for a moment in disbelief and then it was like the shock hit us and the kids and us said "oh my gosh did you just see that", we were overwhelmed with what it could have been and the kids were scared wanting an explanation and we couldn't give them one. I remember telling my husband we should tell someone and he like myself said they would think we had lost our minds and no one would take us serious anyway. What made me tell you all about this is, listening over the years and it seems more over the past 4 or 5 years maybe, that I hear people in their UFO sightings refer to a light of some sort just appearing and then disappearing suddenly. I know this is a very small sighting of sorts but was watching your story today on *(Name deleted--CMS/sg)and bless his heart I know how I felt on a very small scale, so I know what he has gone through trying to report what he saw. The unknown is so intriging and interesting but when something does come up and is unexplainable, no one wants to really hear it. Just thought I would share this for location sake and to see if it might have been something you have heard before. I certainly hope I have not wasted your time, but when we still talk to those kids whom are now yougn adults, that is still the question we all have. What was that? Thank you for any info you might be able to share *(Wit's name deleted--CMS/sg).
