{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-03-11 15:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468726","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91833","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3180,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/726/mufon-5468726.json","updb_database_id":5468726}
{td} outdoor taking pics felt called shoot at the sky. None seen necked eyes but after in pic

I was outside working. Taking pictures for work. I felt the need, like a call to take a picture above my head even tho i did not see anything with the naked eye. The picture was only of the blue sunny sky above me. Later when i downloaded the picture and zoom in i saw several crafts. But one in particular is very clear, donut light, with appendages on the bottom, what looks like a front single light and what looks like a central depression in the middle of the donut shaped craft. The picture taken is unmistakable. It is a saucer. I researched shapes of weather balloons, probes and various research related machineries and none resembles the one in my picture.Since then i took sky pics and caught many round shaped metallic orbs, reflecting sunlight. Most appear silver globes but when i catch them behind the direct sunlight they appear to have a black horizontal window on the middle of them and look more oval shaped than round. One time i saw a huge flat disc with the naked eye and took also a picture. It is not a plane, no wings. Predominant factor is how slow went and is wanted to be captured in the picture becasue as soon as i did it, it zoomed away in an instant.
I will submit pictures. The first is the original picture. The others are not edited, simply i zoomed in with my picture program and took a screenshot of what i was seeing.
Third picture is another craft i caught in june.My canon XS shot has a powerful zoom. I took a picture of the sun. You can see on the bottom left what looks like a cuboid shaped craft.
Forth picture is the big one i was able to see with naked eye and zoomed off as i took the picture. And a zoom in screenshot.
Not sure if of relevance but in fall 2011 a 3 dot triangular shaped scar appeared on my left knee. Overnight. I went to bed without i woke with it. And since then never disappeared. THe dots at times are redder or swollen at times flat but always present. I measured the distance and form a perfect isosceles triangle with 15 mm distance between each dot.
