{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-28 21:58:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523726","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32203","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3602,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/726/mufon-5523726.json","updb_database_id":5523726}
Vivid blue sphere overflew house at high speed and climbed out

Hi, 

I1d just like to tell you about an amazing thing my wife and I saw last night.
It was just before 10.00 pm and my wife and I were sitting in our lounge watching NCIS on television. The lights were off.

At the eastern end of our lounge is a large picture window which has two opening lights at the top. From this window we have a good view of the sky and often watch commercial aircraft fly over as the turn onto final approach for Cardiff International Airport. It has become something of a habit to keep one eye on the sky as we watch television.

I can tell you now that what flew over our house last night was no regular aircraft commercial or otherwise.

This thing came into view in the top right hand corner of our window and it was moving 1 I mean REALLY MOVING. I screamed to my wife 1what the hell is that1 and she ran over to the window to get a better look.

It was blue in colour 1 the most piercing blue I1ve ever seen. It reminded me of a welder arc but deeper blue than that. It1s difficult to describe the colour accurately.
All I know is you wouldn1t confuse this thing with a meteor. I1ve watched the Perseids and Leonids many times and this was not the greeny-blue colour I am familiar with.
Also it left no trail or streak as do meteors.

My wife and I continued to watch as this thing flew onwards in a roughly south easterly direction. My wife watched from the window, resting her elbows on the sill.
I by this time was out of my seat and standing on tip-toes trying to keep this thing in sight.

By standing on my toes I was just able to see over the muntin of the window and keep this thing in sight as it disappeared into the distance.
Using the muntin and the style of the window as a sort of set square or gun sight I was able to 1track1 this thing.

It was still visible , still vivid blue and rapidly diminishing in size as the seconds ticked by and it flew into the distance.

Now the spooky bit 1 actually made the hairs on my neck stand up. In relation to my improvised sight this thing began to climb, slowly at first but after a second or so it accelerated and was soon out of sight above the window frame.

My wife was able to see it for a little while longer because of her lower vantage point but it eventually disappeared from her view 1going straight up1, or so she said.

Funny thing is my wife is always moaning about how she1s never seen a UFO. She was really thrilled and kept asking me what it was. I couldn1t answer her.

I went straight on the internet and checked for ISS overflights and any other satellites that might have been visible but there were none.

I just hope someone else saw this thing and will report it. At least then we1ll know we1re not going mad.

Shape: Spherical
Colour: Vivid Blue
Direction of travel: From north west to south east.
Sound: None
Speed: unknown
Altitude: Initially 2,000 to 3,000 feet. (climbing)
Duration of sighting: 25 seconds.
