{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1951-08-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5177501","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"v5myyf","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5177501,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Lubbock, TX; (Hart photos)Fran Ridge:
Listed as item 11 under photographic evidence in
the Special Evidence section of NICAP's UFO Evidence,
is the Lubbock Texas Lights. These photographs
by Carl Hart, Jr., show a V-formation of large
circular objects. Capt. Ruppelt, head of Air Force
Project Blue Book, reported that "In each photograph
the individual lights in the formation shifted
position according to a definite pattern." Main
photograph reproduced in True, May 1954. Skeptics have
always had a field day with this one because it seemed
to be only a set of photographs, taken by a young,
inexperienced photographer, of geese, later explained
as moths. Little did anyone know that even the Air
Force, including the professors who also witnessed the
overflights, did not buy the explanations. In fact, it
appears some people, alerted to UFO activity, saw
birds; others saw UFOs. And the most damning evidence
against birds, a professional photographer, with
professional equipment and better film, could not
capture lighted bellies of geese. And that's not all.
A swept-back winged object was being seen around the
country during the period and two radars confirmed an
unknown.

Captain Edward Ruppelt:
This target was real. I quickly took out a map of
the United States and drew in a course line between
Lubbock and the radar station. A UFO flying between
these two points would be on a northwesterly heading
and the times it was seen at the two places gave it a
speed of roughly 900 miles per hour. This was by far
the best combination of UFO reports I'd ever read and
I'd read every one in the Air Force's files.

Detailed reports and documents

The Lubbock Lights:
Introduction (Fran Ridge)
The Lubbock Lights: The
Detailed Story (Michael Hall & Wendy
Connors)
New Findings On The Lubbock
Lights (Donald R. Burleson; IUR Summer 2001)
Chapter 8, Report on
Unidentified Flying Objects (Edward J. Ruppelt)
The Lubbock Lights, The BB
Records (Dan Wilson)

UFO Intelligence Summary -
Subject: Lubbock Lights (Fran Ridge)
The Blue Book Files on Lubbock
(Fran Ridge)
The Air Force Analysis Test
Report No. WCEFP-2-4, Physics Branchis
The Current Encounters Thread
