{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-05-10 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5531015","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24442","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3344,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/015/mufon-5531015.json","updb_database_id":5531015}
Saw UFO stationary over corner of farm stead.

DATE & TIME IS AN ESTIMATION; EVENT WAS 18 YEARS AGO

At age nine (9) years old, I was arriving home late one spring night with my mother and two older siblings when I noticed unusual bright stars out of the corner of my eye. I turned to see what was so unusual about these stars. As we drove closer, I realized between these stars, I couldn't see other stars. I felt a bit frightened, but definitely more curious.

The UFO hovered just over the top of the pine trees at the southwest corner of the property. The top of trees was only roughly 20~25 and from where it was hovering, it would not be visible from the house as there would've been trees blocking the view.

The UFO was triangle in shape with lights in three corners, which seems to be a normal sighting. I'm assuming it made no noise, I was in a moving vehicle when I saw it. It appeared black in color but it was quite dark that night; no moon light. The size of the object was roughly 70~90 ft in length.

When I was within 700~800 ft from the UFO, still in the vehicle, it slowly started to drift towards to south west for a few seconds before rapidly accelerating in the same direction at a speed where it was out of site within seconds.

My older siblings were in the back of vehicle asleep and my mother didn't see anything as she was driving. My father was in the house during this time. Once we were parked in the driveway, I got out of the vehicle as though nothing had happened. I walked to where the UFO had been hovering and looked out across the field in the direction it had gone.

To this day, I still question if I saw anything at all. What it my imagination in conjunction with being tired causing me to have dreams while being awake? Was there anything there at all? Was I hallucinating? Was it actually stars I was seeing?

I always feel as though I did actually see something. I second guess myself to this day even as I second guessed myself at the moment I realized I thought I was seeing UFO. I never believed in UFO before then. From then on, I started to wonder profusely.

I have never spoken of this to my family. I seldom speak of this to anyone unless they tell me they've seen something like it. I don't want people to think I'm 'crazy'. On the rare occasion when I do speak of the event. I am overcome by terrible goose-bumps and teary eyes. I have never seen anything like it since.

Though I have never seen anything like it since, there have been several times where things have occurred where I thought my farm might have been visited again by something I might not have ever seen. I always thought my mind was just getting the best of me out of fear or curiosity regarding the post events.
