{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-20 10:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518015","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39664","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2454,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/015/mufon-5518015.json","updb_database_id":5518015}
While travelling in a bus I notice a white cigar shaped object hovering completely still. It had a black stripe with an altitude of aprox. 500-1000 ft. There it hovered for about 10 seconds before suddenly taking off towards Lake Ontario (SW)..

While travelling in a bus on a sunny morning at 10 am, I start to look around for my stop. That1s when I notice a white cigar shaped object hovering, completely still as was the bus due to a red light. I am certain that the Canadian Airforce does not operate any Harrier jets so quickly I realize that this thing it not of this earth. The object also had a black stripe with an altitude of aprox. 500-1000 ft. There it hovered for about 10 seconds before suddenly taking off towards Lake Ontario (SW) at a speed that no man made will currently accomplish in our atmosphere. Strangely, the object maintained its 1 whiteness 1 while speeding and I could easily make out the craft until it was merely a white spot in the distance. Disappointed that I didn1t have a camera as I had an excellent view of it. 

It truly is amazing to witness a thing like this in broad daylight in Canada1s largest city. This country intends to spend over $50 billion on its defense budget over the next decade or so to fight wars in distant parts of this world with fancy equipment. Yet, absolutely nothing is done when an UFO is hovering over Toronto in the middle of the day. As an adult and a citizen of this world I simply demand answers to what this is. How can something like this travel into Canadian airspace without being detected by Canadian authorities? Where do they come from? Why are they here? Perhaps it would be wise to stop chase the Taliban for a while now and turn your attention to more important matters at home. To think that people are some clueless cattle is unacceptable. This internal ignorance has got to stop.
