{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-23 21:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289015","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114345","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3786,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/015/mufon-5289015.json","updb_database_id":5289015}
Spotted several very bright orange orbs in the night sky that changed in number, pattern formation and then vanished one by one growing dimmer

My friend (names removed/cms/LLL) were leaving the Lowe’s parking lot off of Beltline & Plano Rd in Richardson, Texas, on Tuesday night at 9:33pm on March 23, 2021, when I noticed to my left, out of the driver’s window (facing North), a bunch of very bright amber colored orbs( 7-9) that were hovering in a scattered pattern and then would start to move very abruptly (faster than any plane). I looked on in amazement for a few seconds, unsure of what I was seeing, before I pointed out the event high in the sky to Scott. He was shocked like me. Next, I pulled into a parking space and told him to get out of the and take pictures and video the phenomenon. The cluster of hovering orbs started to breakup and move farther apart from one another into a large arch shape (the left side of orbs appeared closer to the ground and then diagonally arched upward towards the right) heading more Northeast in direction. At the same time, the number of orbs started to dim and diminish one by until we couldn’t spot them anymore. I wasn’t sure how long the orbs were hovering in the sky before I first noticed them. But from that moment i did, I believe the entire event lasted another minute. Neither of us spotted another occurrence like that again on the way to my 10 minutes away. The video, as well as the two pictures I’ve attached, don’t do the event justice. It was dark out and the objects appeared much brighter and more spectacular in scale than the evidence displays. I contacted our local ABC news affiliate WFAA at 10:30pm when nothing appeared on television at 10pm and asked if they had received any reports of unusual sightings this evening. As of that moment, the news desk informed me that no individuals had called in with any reports of ufo sightings. However, she did ask me to forward the pictures and video to her. Also, after searching online for similar stories like mine, I noticed nothing had been reported yet in my area, but the day before in Southaven, Mississippi, two gentleman spotted bright orage colored orbs like the ones we saw. When I watched their video I noticed it looked like the same orbs (their video capturing a much better quality of what the actual orbs looked like in person before they dimmed and faded from sight. However, the orbs we saw, as opposed to theirs, grew into a diagonal more horizontal arch shape once they stopped hovering and began to to separate and head east. Ours, liked theirs, moved just as quickly. As a reference, I will send the link to their video too (please see below).

Feel free to contact me should you have any questions. Thank you. 

(link moved to investigators report section/cms/LLL)
