{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-07-13 17:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467015","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93659","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3146,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/015/mufon-5467015.json","updb_database_id":5467015}
{cak} While sitting on my back porch, talking with family member, I heard a jet fighter like sound trailing an airliner. Looked up to the sound and saw object stationary in airliners wake. It zoom to NW out of sight without reorientating.

I was sitting on the deck in the backyard. It1s common to see and hear airplanes fling overhead because we live in an International Airport approach area. While chit chatting, I had felt strange about a large airliner that was coming in from a distance behind me. As it flew overhead, like normal, I continued my conversation but my attention was piqued for some reason. After about 20 seconds, the jetliners noise began to fade, as they normally do, but a new sound seemed to be in its trail. It caught my attention and when I looked up, to see if a small jet fighter was flying overhead, the sound stopped. I kind of looked around, wondering if it was turbulence or the airliners wake noise, and after a few seconds, just a little more than straight up (I had to tilt backward in my chair to see it) there was a white object with a black band painted around the middle. It was a pretty clear evening, and the sight grabbed my attention immediately. 
The object was about half the wingspan of a large airliner in width. I say width because the object had been positioned as if it were traveling that way. It was white, the ends seemed to round off equally and smoothly, like a cigar shape. It was smooth, and I do not think that it was transparent. The shape was well defined, and there looked to be a black band painted around the center of the object. The band was about as wide as 1/4 the width, and looked to be completely around the body. 
I watched the object for about 20 seconds before it began to move toward the NW, without adjusting its orientation. I heard a very faint jet fighter sound again, and the object began to move very quickly to the NW. after a few seconds, I watched as it made a swishing sound in the air, like the one that drew my attention at first, and it just zoomed away at an indescribable speed. 
I asked my Partner, who was with me if they had seen or heard it, and they said no. I couldn1t understand how they could not have seen it. I wasn1t too agitated about what I had seen. Surprisingly. My partner suggested that it could have been debri or material falling from the airliner. I can see that as an explanation, but only if I had not seen and heard what I did when I looked up. The object moved intelligently, and purposefully. I have no doubt that it was a controlled vessel.
