{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-15 18:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284015","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119415","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2905,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/015/mufon-5284015.json","updb_database_id":5284015}
Lights in formation

I was driving to my girlfriends house on the interstate through downtown Nashville, as I got closer to Nashville looked up and saw a line of lights that seem to be chasing each other in kind of a circle. But the circle moved and did not say in one place and would change form. At first I assume being Nashville that it may have been from the stadium where the Titans play, or from a club. But as I got to downtown on the interstate I realized it wasn’t coming from anything that was actually in downtown Nashville. And from being from here my entire life I know that sometimes clubs put a strobe lights or other light sources to draw attention to their business but I passed right under them and never saw anything producing the light. And knowing the area, there is nothing there to produce the light, ie clubs and stuff like that. I started the video as I was driving and videoed all the way from one side of Nashville to the opposite side while on the interstate and it seemed I just never caught up with whatever was making these lights and then they vanished at the same time. I am really surprised that no one ever said anything, and I just didn’t know who detail or what to say. But everyone I’ve showed it to has been mine blown, and has even said there was nothing that night going on in the middle of December to have made a reason for a situation like that. If the Titans game would’ve been happening, or if it would’ve been some big party or concert It would’ve made more sense. But that wasn’t the case. The last video is actually first because you can see I have yet to get on the interstate, that’s why I assumed it was coming from downtown Nashville but as I got through Nashville I realize they were higher and nowhere near the city center.
