{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-11-15 20:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515015","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43167","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2977,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/015/mufon-5515015.json","updb_database_id":5515015}
{cak} Eye shaped mother ship, bright yellow. At back of ship there was a trail of bright light with 4 little ships

We were at my home in Ruhenstroth, Nevada about 8 miles South of Gardnerville, Nevada. My wife and I were taking my mother back home to Lake Tahoe and we just pulled out of the driveway heading South. I saw a bright object over the horizon South/Southwest, it looked like a helicopter landing light at first but as it got closer it was to high. I got out of the truck and looked at the object and told my wife and mother that it was a UFO and to stay in the truck, they looked at it through the window. I stood there watching the object fly towards us, it was a mother ship that was eye shaped, bright solid yellow, at the back of the ship (the pointed eye) was a tail of translucent yellow/gold light, similar to a flame. Within this tail of light there was 4 solid objects, (smaller ships) in a perfect square formation. At about a 55 to 60 degree angle from where I was standing looking South/Southwest, the 4 ships broke away from the mother ship, 2 going over towards Lake Tahoe (west) and the other 2 going over what is called the Pine Nuts,(east) and they vanished below the horizon in each direction. The mother ship continued to fly directly over my head at approximately 5,000 feet AGL (above ground level) heading North/Northeast. As it flew over us there was absolutely no sound what-so-ever. Where we lived was 8+ miles away from any town lights, dark and clear night, the only sound was crickets. As it flew over me I was in a numb state, in awe. Afterwards and to this date I still now and believe what we observed was a UFO. The mother ship continued to fly North until it was out of sight. Reports the next day from the FAA and Government was that it was a satellite the re-entered the atmosphere west bound over New Mexico and into Arizona making a turn northbound heading up through Nevada and into Canada. As anyone knows, any object that re-enters the atmosphere does "NOT" follow the curvature of the earth or change headings by 90 degrees, it burns up and falls to the ground. I was a fixed wing pilot back then and now a commercial helicopter pilot, I have also worked with Rocketdyne on the Space Shuttle Columbias rocket engines. I know what I saw back then in 1979 when I was 24 and now 33 years later at 57 I need to tell about this sighting.
