{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-06-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493015","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66506","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4940,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/015/mufon-5493015.json","updb_database_id":5493015}
{cak} Ufo and strange events following in the backcountry of rockies, on mummy mountain

I was camping with a friend of mine. we were very high in the mountains of the Rockies climbing a peak called mummy mountain. at sunset we pitched a tent about 500 feet from the summit of the mountain. at about midnight or 1 o'clock in the morning I woke up to use the bathroom I noticed there was a flashlight walking down from the summit towards us so I woke up my friend and I said there is someone coming down the mountain. we were nervous because we were way off the trail and I did not have a backcountry permit so I said it must be a ranger somehow he knows we're camping up here now we're going to get a fine. so my friend and I watch this light which looked just like a flashlight and it came down towards us from the mountain and when it got about a hundred feet from us it stopped then as we watched this flashlight what appeared to be a flashlight went straight up from the ground vertically into the air and we watch this thing fly out of sight. it was just a white circular orb look exactly like a person carrying a flashlight but we couldn't see the person we only saw this light. it was probably about three or four feet off the ground and we were astonished as we watch this like take off vertically go straight up in the air and disappear out of sight. after we saw that we were terrified and we got back in their tent and we felt like we had been drugged. we couldn't really speak correctly everything was hazy and it really felt like we had been taking sleeping pills for some type of drug that made us very drowsy and not able to think clearly. I think we fell into a deep sleep and then at about 8 o'clock in the morning it started raining and hailing so we started down the mountain to get out of the storm. as we were going down the mountains we ran into these men there were 4 of them on horseback in camouflage army fatigues and they were following us on their horses. they followed us for about two miles and they stayed about 100 or 200 feet behind us after about 1 hour of them following us one of them rolled up to us and you said how are you how are you guys doing, are you guys okay? We say yes we're fine only follow us for about another hour until we reached the bottom of the trail. it took us about 6 hours from the bottom of the trail to get to my car and when we got in my car the radio would not turn off. the radio in my car was randomly switching stations. we drove about a half an hour down the mountain and went to a gas station to get gas but none of the pumps would work in there was no electricity so we went across the street to Wendy to try to get some food and the doors were locked and there was a note scrawled onto a napkin that was hanging in the front window of the door of Wendy sorry we're closed and we can look inside and we saw some employees in there it look like they were hiding from us. when we got back home my friend noticed he had a very strange diamond shape my friend noticed very strange diamond shaped depression in the skin of his right shoulder and as we started talking about the events he said he had a dream that night that the aliens had taken a chunk out of his arm. more time to pass by the more he seemed to think that's something actually did happen and he believes that the aliens came down and took something out of his arm. I wanted to report this a long time ago but everybody we talk to thought we made it up. the only thing I saw was that flashlight looking object go straight up into the air and my radio wouldn't turn off in my car and the nearest town had no electricity but the funny thing is ever since that happened every time I'm driving with my friend and we go under a streetlight the street lights l turn off just as we passed under each of them and this happens to this day all the time don't know if there's more to the story or not but it was definitely a very strange experience and my friend seems to have like psychological problem is from this he's terrified of us all isn't everytime we talk about it he almost cries but it didn't really affect me that way I just thought it was very strange. the one thing that is really strange though is that when he and I are together and we're walking or driving every street light will pass will turn off as we pass it
