{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-01-31 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505015","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53861","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2930,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/015/mufon-5505015.json","updb_database_id":5505015}
Flash of light,short entity seen inside my house and time missing.

The event occurred on January 31st, 2014. 

My husband was working outside the area. He was supposed to come back on February 6th. 

I was watching tv, alone at home. Time was 7 PM. It's winter here in Quebec so it was dark at this time. I noticed a flash of light, much light lightning. There was no storm outside, sky was clear and I did not hear any thunder. A second flash of light lighted the whole area for at least 5 seconds. At first, I thought that the nearest electrical transformer failed because I've seen transformers fail a few time before. But no, this was not a transformer because we still had electricity. 

That did not bother me at first. I resumed watching TV. Suddenly, I seen a shadow walk across the living room. I asked "Richard, is that you?", thinking my husband came back from work. I looked around and nobody was here. I walked around in my house but could not find Richard so I checked the parking and there was no car parked. I told to myself, I am tired. I must have been hallucinating. 

The movie I was watching ended. I decided to watch another film. It was about 15 past 10 PM and I was getting sleepy so I decided to do my nightly routine, brush my teeth and prepare my bed. I went to bed and fell asleep almost immediately.

After a few minutes, I woke up with a feeling that somebody else was inside the room. I slowly opened my eyes and saw a silhouette staring at me at the feet of my bed. I couldn't notice any feature so I snapped a picture with my phone. I was not sure if I was awake or dreaming so I closed my eyes and feel asleep for the rest of the night.

Next day, I was browsing through my phone. I found out a picture taken the day before. The silhouette I saw was in fact a small humanoid being, about 4 feet tall, big eyes, staring at me. I felt sick when I remembered that I really took a picture of this being and that I immediately fell asleep after snapping this photograph. I don't remember what happened after.

I decided to post this on MUFON and I wish to talk to people that witnessed the same thing that I've witnessed. I don't know what happened, because I fell asleep right after the encounter.
