{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496897","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62481","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4306,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/897/mufon-5496897.json","updb_database_id":5496897}
{nd} Saw a black triangular UFO glide toward me over the treetops, turn, and sharply descend out of sight.

This took place a couple years ago in central Kentucky. I was at my little brother's baseball game, sitting backwards on the bleachers to watch storm clouds roll in from the distance. I have more of an appreciation for meteorology than for sports, sue me. At one point, I looked up from my phone, and my attention was suddenly drawn to some movement by the forest area, adjacent to the field. As I looked closer, I realized it was some type of aircraft. It was in the shape of an equilateral triangle, solid black in color, kinda geometric and block-like, with one white light on each point of the triangle (underneath) and some kind of opening in the middle. It flew disturbingly close to the ground. I can't remember the size exactly, but I can ballpark (lawl) that it was larger than a helicopter, but smaller than the average domestic-flight plane.
 

 Watching it, I took note of its movement; it was unlike anything I've ever seen (er.. supposed to have seen) in my life. It didn't seem to pay any attention to classic aerodynamics. It seemed to glide through space (anti-gravity style) rather than "fly", and was eerily silent. As the experience came to an end, I saw this craft suddenly change flight path. It turned on a DIME (without banking) about 3001, and descended below the trees, out of sight. I can still vividly remember the sudden and completely overwhelming curiosity I had. I wanted nothing more at that point than to drop everything, and run after it. I didn't want it to be over. I wanted to know everything about everything. For some reason, I didn't go after it. I was still a bit dazed, trying to process how much of my entire outlook on life I was going to have to tweak. I was a much different person back then. Shy, and timid, like your average socially-awkward and confused 17-year-old.

I still kick myself for not doing everything within my power to find. That. Craft.


 I actually wouldn't have noticed it at all if I hadn't been turned around, but thank god that I wasn't the only person to see it. A little girl sitting next to me looked up from her DSi just in time to catch a glimpse of it. "Look, Grandpa! A UFO!!!" she pointed and shouted. Her grandfather paid no attention, so nobody else but her and I saw it. At that point, I knew for a fact that I wasn't crazy after all. We both knew what we were looking at.

 For some reason, I didn't feel inclined to point it out to anyone around me (which included the rest of my family), as the little girl did. I simply sat there, taking in every single nanosecond of exposure to such a sight. I've been hopelessly interested in the entire subject of military technology and possible extra-terrestrial involvement with the government for quite some time now. 

 I felt an extreme need to tell anyone who sees and reads this: these things are indeed real. I can't say for sure whether or not these craft are owned and operated by the US military and/or foreign life, but I can say without a shadow of doubt that they're out there, being used by SOMEone for SOMEthing. For the life of me, I cannot understand why I saw this craft in the place that I did. What's so interesting about a small town in Kentucky? The only thing I can think is that it had some correlation with the severe storm that approached afterward, as people commonly have sightings around disasters (natural and man-made).
