{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-10 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452897","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108737","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3119,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/897/mufon-5452897.json","updb_database_id":5452897}
White light orb dropped in from a higher altitude and then made its way across the sky

Let me start out by saying that this was a perfectly clear night and that was the whole reason I was watching the sky. I wanted to check what was up there and look at some planes or maybe see a shooting star while I had the chance because it had been cloudy lately. Basically I wanted to see something and I felt i had a chance and then I did. I got so excited i brought my wife out to see it. I tried to remain objective despite the excitement because i will never know for sure exactly what it was. 

I'd also like to point out that yes, I do live near an airport. I see aircraft all the time. They always blink white and/or red at consistent intervals. They're always low enough to be clearly identified as planes. 

This object didn't start out moving from one horizon to the other. It appeared to be dropping in from a higher altitude. The reason I think this is because it blinked into view rather than "moving" horizontally into view. This didn't blink at regular intervals. It would "turn off" or "blink out" before appearing and THEN it made its way toward the west. 

It had a vibratory quality of movement. It seemed to dip as it moved. It would dip in either direction occasionally instead of keeping a straight flight path like a plane. It was solid light and to my eye it was a little bigger than some of the smaller stars.
It appeared that the planes were at a way lower altitude. I couldn't tell if it was a small object that was lower or a larger object that was higher.
All I know is that it was faster than any plane I've ever seen and it booked it across the horizon really fast. The only reason I watched it as long as I did was because of the apparent "dip" in it's trajectory. 
We went back in and said "hold up, I gotta go back out and look at that one more time.." I figured it would still be in sight but it was completely gone. 
If this was a plane it was extremely bright and really high up. I'm open to the possibility that it could have been a satellite but then again it appeared to be low enough to be in the atmosphere. During the time it appeared, I was able to view it side by side with 2 different planes and a number of stars. 
I was facing north, it appeared in the northeast, made its way west and then adjusted to course to a more northwest direction. 
I'd also like to add that light pollution is really bad in my area because of Louisville and Indianapolis.
That's all I got
