{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-17 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528897","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26651","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2781,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/897/mufon-5528897.json","updb_database_id":5528897}
Bluish glowing object sighted in Northern sky.

My family and I live in a rural area off of Hwy 270 near a heavily wooded area. This event happened in the northern sky which from my backyard is directly facing a hill.
I was outside grilling hamburgers at night and was almost finished when I decided to sit on my porch steps for the last 5 minutes or so and look at the sky. It was very clear that night and the stars had recently began appearing. I looked up and noticed a light that seemed brighter than any other planet or star should and did not put off the typical light a common aircraft would. The light had a blue tint to it and seemed to be more of a glow. It was roughly the same altitude as any plane would fly in the area but I noticed that I wasn't hearing any noise from it at all. I continued to watch it move eastward for about another minute and also found it weird that there were no flashing lights like airplanes have. So I opened my back door and grabbed a pair of binoculars that I keep next to our kitchen window and went back outside to my porch. I spotted the object again still moving in the same direction and focused in on it. It appeared almost ball-like and the light was eminating out of about 2/3 of the top towards the back of the craft at a upwards angle. (think of holding a flashlight at a 45 degree angle pointing up)
At this point I noticed that I was correct that it was missing the clearance lights (or whatever those flashing ligthts are called) and I wanted to adjust my binoculars a bit so I took them down. After fixing them I spotted it again. It hadn't moved very far at all and was about the same size in the sky as previously. Probably took about ten-fifteen seconds to adjust lenses. But when I tried to find it in my binoculars I couldn't. Once again I lowered them, and found it with my eyes, tried to put the binoculars back on it and couldn't. I looked through them for about 10 seconds and when I took them down again the object was gone.
It wasn't that it had traveled so far that it became too small to see. It had simply dissappeared. I felt really excited about it and at this point I went inside and told my wife what I had just saw.
