{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-03 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286897","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116484","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5319,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/897/mufon-5286897.json","updb_database_id":5286897}
very strange incident

I used to be a whistleblower in the Republic of Serbia. I outed an operation whereby Russian and American operatives brought people to Serbia in order to take away their money. I don't know if the people are AI/holograms or real people. I don't know if they are in disguise either. They all are able to speak the same language, Serbian. This has been going on for the past 6 years. After outing it, I experienced an episode of sleep paralysis, whereby I felt that an entity entered me. It is able to create the feeling of goosebumps underneath your skin and skull area. It is also possible that a Russian satellite is being used on me to influence how this entity works, something like DEW. I can hear/experience thought transference from various people who seemed to work as agents for Russia and America. I cannot locate my family and one of the family homes seems to be demolished. It is also possible that people are able to teleport. I do not know if people are teleporting or hologram copies of them. It is claimed that most on the planet are dead or function in AI form, here one minute, gone the next. Can you please verify this information especially seeing that Trump is asking for UFO files and blaming China for starting the virus. It is claimed that the people on the Boulevard are dead people from all generations and that grey aliens are able to resurrect the dead, using grey alien ID numbers. Essentially it would be the equivalent of a barcode number that all humans have. It is claimed that Chinese people are able to control these grey alien numbers which influences the physical appearance and thought processes of the resurrected person. It is also claimed that after one dies, one goes to various realms, which are controlled by demonic grey entities. In order to escape these grey aliens, one has to flee to other realms. People eventually settle in a realm where grey aliens cannot find them. If they come back to this Earthly realm, they come in a disguise, so that their living family members will not recognize them. It is also claimed there is a demonic creator-like figure in the Russian Embassy that is ultimately nefarious, and is the one that entered during the sleep paralysis episode. He was created by the Big Bang as a reptilian, which first caused him to create dinosaurs. Essentially, this is the story of creation. Due to this evil and the efforts he put into being evil, he degraded himself to a grey alien over time. He is the man that plays Jeff Magid, the music producer that dated Emily Ratjakowski. Please verify this. I might lose my life. It is also claimed that the universe might not exist in the form it appears to be in, with planets and galaxies, but is rather a hologram universe or even worse that we possibly imagined the world, in the sense that we are biocentric. It is also claimed that scientists discovered the right number of combinations, perhaps elements or atom particles needed to create consciousness and that they can somehow insert this into bodies and create AI/hologram humans. It is possible that portals were created which allow for the creation of bodies, and for the insertion of this consciousness. If humans have ID numbers, it is possible that whoever controls this process evades ID numbers that previously belonged to living humans who eventually passed, ergo creating the inability of anyone to remember their past life. This would essentially prevent the Second Coming, which unites relatives. They also have programs which allow them to simulate the voice of a relative, acquaintance or anyone for that matter, which would prevent the caller from essentially getting in touch with the real person. I am truly frightened for my existence here in the Republic of Serbia. It is also claimed that many nefarious entities/humans of African-American heritage exist in the DIA, Defense Intelligence Agency, who participate in essentially what would be called witchcraft, which influences how people behave, look, think, feel and what they possibly hear, seeing that these entities/humans can enter dream realms, wait for people to fall asleep and then enter them while they are sleeping, serving as sleep-paralysis agents. Caucasian American females, of demonic Pleiadian descent also seem to be participating in this from where they are stationed, the CIA. These entities are also able to wire humans or AI/holograms, to behave in certain ways, making similar statements or physical movements. These entities also seem to communicate with images or GIFs that one can see within one's mind or with a "third eye." It is also claimed they are able to transfer humans to a grey alien realm, which allows them to manipulate humanity better.
