{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526897","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28762","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7215,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/897/mufon-5526897.json","updb_database_id":5526897}
Multiple Sightings occuring over past month. Laughed at ufo nuts and now I am one of the worst!

The first sighting started out as happening to notice a bright star that appeared to change color. At first I thought it was an illusion and I was looking at the Sirius star. ( I downloaded Google Sky and the Sirius star appeared near the object I was looking at) I later realized it could NOT be a start, stars do not move! As I was watching the star, a helcopter with what appeared to be a search light, started over the treelines towards me. A second later another appeared next to it. Then a third one. I thought to myself, HOLY CRAP! What is going on..they must be on a mission of some sort. Then they stopped moving. I froze1and stood silently and motionless. The three 1lights1 then faded backwards!!! WTH?! Was I seeing things, I thought to myself. I looked over and the origianl 1star1 started to blink and it was NOT a twinkle like a star may have. I ran inside to tell my wife and she rolled her eyes and chalked it up to my imagination! After that night I started to watch the skies in the evening. 
I noticed several interesting things since then, and the activity has grasped my attention. However, my attention to the sky and this phenomena may be too much. I started to sit in the windows with all of the lights in the house turned off, just wathing these 1moving stars1 that fade, change from white to blue to red, and flash. When one of the large stars flashes suddenly there are other stars that appear to flash. I have seen what appeared to be a laser pointer war between 1orbs1 and radiot towers in my area. I have seen lights that appear to be a second tower near actual towers1I noticed that this was pretty frequent and that the second 1fake tower light: moved. So I decided one day to take my camera and head towards these objects. When I would get close, the objects would start to blink red like and move appearing to be a helicopter. I could never focus my 1cheap1 home video camera in on one to prove it. I have told a very select amount of people about these anonamolies and never told everyone all of the details about everything, as all together it seems to be too much to believe1even for me who is witnessing it all first hand. I understand if by now, I appear to be 1off my rocker1. I would have thought the same. HOWEVER, I have been able to successfully tell three different skeptics, including my wife and PROVE everything to them by personally pointing the items out in the sky. 
While taking a relative with me to veiw the crazy lights, I was exaplainning about the radio towers and I pointed out where I had been one night sitting watching it all and had a bright white light come UP from the trees on a mountain and take off towards me. She thought I was imagining things, so I parked so that my car was facing an easily escapable route away, just in case the light came at us. I turned off the headlights, and pointed. When I did I saw a bright orange, or goldish ambr, light getting bigger and biggger1.then all of a sudden it took off like lightning bolt towards us..it appeared to have a tail when traveling at this rate of speed!! I was scared and I said FORGET THIS MAN!!! I hit the gas and sped as fast as I could, off of the top of that mountain we were on. I was thinking, I hope that she (relative) saw that! Halfway down she said OMG that thing wsa F1d up! It was fast and headed right towards us, what was it?!!! OMG1!!! I said I told you1I have no clue1it is like there is eomthing hidden out there that it does NOT want me to see!!! I am all cnfused. Let1s get to the bottom of the mountain and head to another, much higher, peak with a better view. Though, when we arrived at the stop sign at the bottom of the hill, there was two in the sky in front of us, and one up the road a ways on top of a mountain. At first I said1it is just a house light up that way1then we both said no..no...noooo that thing is descending down the mountain like a baloon1.the closer it got the faster it went. Again, we peeled out and went down the road away from the item. HOWEVER, I notice several other odd items over the past 3 weeks. Here is a brief overview of all:

Reddish./pink lit orbs figures on the tree line where I the UFOS usually appear. 
Stars that move in small movements vet/hor fade in fade out1dim.brighten change color blue red etc
Stars that are stationary and if you stare long enough will not blink or strobe but move across the sky
Seeing red flashes in air on aircraft like a chopper
I started to notice the same 1star1 would come up over the treeline behind the house. I also noted that every evening at dusk there are several planes that head towards the area that that star comes from. There is little to no plane activity at that altitude for several hours before hand. 
Here is the weird one1when I point a camera at that one it drops over the tree line like it is hiding (more than a couple of occurrences like this) and then there are those tiny red flashes like helicopters and they are everywhere like they are guarding the big light. They move not like conventional aircraft but like a butterfly or firefly and all eratic.
Also have seen large reddish orange lights from a distance that were in weird area1when I get to them they seemingly go up and hide behind the mountain they are on!
Also have seen goldn amber colored light floating and/or hovering ovr houses, towns, etc; moves like a hot air balloon1only about 50-60 ft up in air just our of range of houses powerlines, etc;
I have been followed and cahsed by this particular light and it scares the crap out of me. I have video out some of them and they appear to be like a digital being that spions and twists and is often shaped like a gold ball with the top quarter missing!

I am obseesed with knowing more..there have been much more to add but thisis the gist of it all and I haven1t been sleeping much so very tired and having trouble typing. 

All occurrences have been in the Bellefonte/Milesburg/Snow Shoe area1.I swear I have seen planes that looked like they were trying to land in the vicinity of the Sproul State forest. I am going up north this evening to try to film1might be too cloudy though.

Wife is mad its all I can think of when t gets dark but I have been followed and see stuff shadows and light effects through the miniblinds when in bed and I am just freaked the heck out by all of this. The whole deal is weird...i keep hoping soeone will tell me I am nuts, but I show them and they say damn you are right...WOAH! Now they are all about it! sigh
