{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-04 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491897","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67655","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2462,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/897/mufon-5491897.json","updb_database_id":5491897}
{dr}Red glowing light observed over Cumberland Indiana

I just saw the weirdest thing,,,, I was looking southwest when a BRIGHT red object appeared from behind the tree's. It was moving west slowly and was too big to be a helicopter even tho that's what I originally thought it was., Then I thought it might be some sort of fireworks since it was the 4 th of July. and even a meteor or something crossed my mind because it was so unusual. It looked big. as I said to big for a helicopter. I see national guard helicopters all the time (or hear then)  It appeared to be about a block or two away and a few hundred ft off the ground.. (unless it was bigger than I thought)and moving slowly as a helicopter might move. It suddenly appeared to get significantly smaller as if the lights shining on it were lessened somehow. It didn't just change like a switch was flipped it was almost as if it faded taking a second or two .. (I know crazy huh?) (still a bright red though) At this point my mother who I had called was also observing. It continued east for about 5 or 6 seconds traveling what appeared to be about two blocks. then slowly arced to the south. It never appeared as if they were lights but rather something was shining light on it. It was illuminated in a bright red light. It didn't look like the light of an aircraft but rather something illuminated. as I said it turned and started south gaining altitude and picking up speed ,,,,, quickly . At this moment I thought to get a camera but, within about 6 or 7 seconds it was just a pinpoint of light that faded at about 15 degree above the horizon.. when i first saw it i thought it was a low flying helicopter, but I never heard a sound. A helicopter I would have heard. a small plane can't move that fast. I never could discern a shape but just a bright red ball. Glad i wasn't the only one who saw it, WEIRD !
