{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-18 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456145","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105452","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2827,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/145/mufon-5456145.json","updb_database_id":5456145}
Massive Black Triangle with a light on each point, directly above our house. This was the first of more than two dozen sightings in this locale.

I live in Southern BC next to the city of Kelowna, in a smaller town called as 'Lake Country'. It's situated in between two beautiful lakes, and the town itself lies in the bottom of the valley, pretty place. Anyway, up until about two years ago I had no idea Aliens were real, I was a bit of a sci-fi fan like everyone else but I never had any strange encounters or experiences, I just consider myself neutral, objective. Why think about anything that isn't fact I thought? Cue June 18 of 2017, when my roommates and some friends had a get together in my backyard. Everything was going normal and fine, everyone was drinking and happy, and my friend was jamming away on his acoustic guitar. During this time, it was just getting dark, I remember it was about 9:30 -10:00 I began to lie back and stare into the stars.... And that's when I directly saw them for the first time. Overtop of us, at first, we noticed 3 lights sitting perfectly still, as a perfect triangle. It wasn't super obvious at first, but on the dusky sky I realized what I was looking at... I could fully see the body of the triangular craft, much darker than the surrounding sky, and realized how close to us it actually was, and how incomprehensibly large it was. (My estimate was a minimum of 1-2 km) I pointed straight up and began to yell and scream, my roommate and friends shortly following. We LOST it. I grabbed my roomie and was screaming at him how impossible this was, I felt like I was dreaming. everyone still awestruck and in disbelief. It wasn't hard to see, it wasn't hiding, it was FULLY out and just sitting in front of us directly above the town for everyone to see. The size was just absolutely immense, inhuman in scale. After what felt like forever, the ships lights sharply increased in brightness and 'twisted', and the craft 'warped' or zipped away left over the mountains at what looked like light speed. The whole ordeal lasted about 15 - 20 seconds I'd guess. This experience blew my mind, but It's the first of many, many sightings in this area. It's a full blown hotspot here.
