{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-23 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512145","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46184","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3966,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/145/mufon-5512145.json","updb_database_id":5512145}
(GS) frist was a triangle and second was a transparent golden glowing flying object

We were at home at about 7:30pm, in our back yard.it just got dark but the kids still wanted to play outside. there were five of us. I said just a few more mins. to play. than our neighbor had just come over to visit. now there was six of us. we were talking a short time when the church across the street from us had what looked like low stars over it. 

I didn't really pay attention to it until a quick beam caught my eye. it was going into the church from the sky. where these three stars were, about 15 feet from the top of the church. I looked over and the (stars) were now moving towards us.

We all looked at each other and said at the same time "do you see that" and we all saw it! when it was over us there was no sound. and the faint shape of a triangle. the three lights on it were dim not flashing. no smell or wind blowing.

It slowly flew over the trees and we DID NOT follow it! it was nothing man could ever make. 

We ran inside to tell my oldest son, but he had friends over and I guess our story was to unbelievable to believe. he kind of said cool and continued to play the xbox.

We went back outside and went over to the end of the fence where we first saw it, in front of the church.

Than a glowing ? (if water could fly, gel like) triangle at first but, not a machine ? it flew like a large bird. glided, lightly flapping? free moving. but, birds don't fly at night, and they arent this big about 10 feet in wing span. my little boys ran into the back of the truck screaming "oh my god!" the thing saw? or heard them? and immediately changed course it had been slowly going over us very gracefully and in a non treating way. but, now it was headed for the truck and the boys. and it took forever to get to them? and we werent that far.? a bright light was over them for a min. ? it circled around them as the bright light was shining. it flew down and up and then changed into a larger winged thing really flying like a bird now it flew over the home and away through the trees. 

We ran over to the boys and they were ? excited, calm now and both saying  did you see the angel?" at the same time. They both woke up with nose bleeds this has never happened before we saw this.

We were all to scared to tell anyone. I did not send the boys to school the next day. they stayed home and on ever piece of paper they could find they drew space ships with someone inside... and they kept pointing at the circles.? We did not see the circles when it flew over us. They drew on the walls and the floors. I was terrified. the circles were important to them? IDK?

We went outside every night, and every night at about 7:30 to 8:30 the glowing bird thing would come back and glide and dance? over where we park the trucks. For three nights then we all got sick with bronchitis? a cold something? and we were unable to go out side for days.

I don't know what it was, it was not made by human hands! it was not harmful, it was very playful and artful. But, still scary you don't mess with someones kids! :)even if your not from this world. we tri to stay positive about this it still unnerves me a little. 

We want to talk about it, but we don't want others to think were nuts. we go outside every night and look in the sky but have not seen it again.
