{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-12-05 12:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549145","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5890","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4052,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/145/mufon-5549145.json","updb_database_id":5549145}
Both sightings proved to be genuine and amazing, it was a must see event.

I have been noticing U.F.O. activity from the front of my house located in Ft Lauderdale on two occasions while visiting my family at that time. One sighting took place on the night of December 4, 2006 past midnight and the same on December 5, 2006 past midnight. On the night of December 4, 2006, I noticed that this particular U.F.O appeared to maneuver through a thick fleet of clouds at a very alarming rate, it was as if were using the clouds to cloak itself but the light exhibited from the craft made it's appearance very noticeable. This object seemed to fly in a serpent like motion through the sky as it displayed drastic changes in speed before coming to a halt and doing the same thing again. I was excited as I have seen U.F.O's before, so this is nothing new to me. I have been observing U.F.O's since my first sighting as a child in New York City and I have seen many since that time. I have been interviewed on live radio by the likes of Brian Vike and Jeff Rense, Brian was very interested in a sighting that I had back in 2002, it was a very close encounted with a triangular craft.

So, this U.F.O was first witnessed by myself and then I went inside to inform family members of the craft that was dancing in the cloud scattered sky. I was now accompanied by my younger brother Christian and we were patiently wathching this craft which appeared to be triangular in shape and although I may be wrong, due to not having equipment to have a better look, that will remain my best description of the object in question. Now, on December 5, 2006 past midnight, it is fair to say that the same event took place but this time I was accompanied by my next door neighbor and we both saw the craft at the same exact time. 

It appeared to be the same craft from last night but my neighbor said that this trinagular shaped object exhibited some sign under it's belly that resembled the letter X, that X seemed to be displaying some form of light that fluctuated throughout the craft. What made this craft or shall I say sighting different from the night before was that it was much more active and that it was accompanied by what appeared to be other craft. I alongside my neighbor Joseph (WHO WAS STUNNED BY THIS WHOLE EVENT) stood outside for atleast five hours observing this craft until it escalated to a level that made it clear to us that the show was soon going to be over. At that time there was an even thicker fleet of clouds approaching the area and the craft ultimately was engulfed by these clouds and vanished. It was just about a minutes later that we spotted either the same or a different craft going at a magnificent speed in the same direction, I believe that it was a different craft.

I would like to note that the weather conditions were very cool and have been the coolest so far. I had to travel back to Daytona Beach the next day because my dog was just to much for the family to handle. If not, I am sure that I would have been able to see something amazing again the following night, that's just my gut feeling. As I have said earlier, this is nothing new to me, I see U.F.O's wherever I go. I believe that it's time for people to see what I see or to be aware of what I see in the night sky. That is why I have decided to share this with MUFON, in an attempt to possibly meet and discuss this with likeminded individuals in the U.F.O community.
