{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-09-10 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472145","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88290","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2493,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/145/mufon-5472145.json","updb_database_id":5472145}
{rjl} Oval shape

I was at a friends house with my brother and we started home and that's when we noticed a red blinking light over mr jones house. After watching this for awhile my little brother went into the house and we had determined that the light was a lot further away. I stayed and watched it when I seen it move I first thought it was aplane but then I saw a plane. Going across the sky in another direction . This object darted very fast to the right and then back to the left I had lit a cigeretteand was getting ready to put it out and go into the house when all of a sudden the ground around me was glowing red and then a bright red . I stuck my hands out and the were red and bight red to so I looked up and there it was. Around object about 50 feet in the air just over my grand mother house. I could see that the light is was casting was like a flash light been only under this craft red then bright red. I could hear a humming noise coming from it then I heard a noise come from it and a yellow light came on under it. I noticed that around the bottom I could see what looked like small round Windows . This object then started lowing to the ground about 10 to 20 feet above my grand mother house and I saw the yellow light move in my direction it scared me so I ran under thr tree in our yard the yellow light stopped I knew no one would believe me so I ran to the front door but kept watching this object it never moved as I was trying to find the door knob I looked away just to find the door knob. It was still there I open the door and told my mom to come here when I looked back it was gone I told my mom what I had seen and I went out side to see if it would come back it never did.  But about 5 years ago around the time that I saw this item a got a strange feeling to go back and look for it but I never did strange thing about this is that I had not thought of this in years
