{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-06-13 15:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289145","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114213","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2474,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/145/mufon-5289145.json","updb_database_id":5289145}
9' metallic sphere, no features, hovering above highway during day. Made rapid zig zagging movements before accelerating away at very high speed.

This occurred in the middle of the day, approximately 3:30pm. I was driving to work in El Dorado Hills, CA, approaching Hwy 50 on Silva Valley Parkway from the North, when I instinctively looked through the upper left part of my front windshield to see a metallic object about 1/2 mile away. By my recollection, and by my best estimates at the time, it was a metallic sphere around 9' in diameter. It was so perfectly polished that the shadow from the Sun angled behind it formed a thin jet black crescent along it's right side. The metal also had a rainbow iridescent sheen to it. At this point I believe that I was hyper-focusing on it, able to see details I would not normally be able to see at that distance. The object was approximately 300' above Highway 50, just West of the Bass Lake Road turn off. Within seconds of first sighting it zipped about 80' to the right and about 10' down, stopped, then zipped about the 90' to the left and 10' down and stopped, all in about a second. Two seconds later it did the same thing, zipping right and down, stopping, left and down, stopping, but then zoomed off to the right over a low hill about a 1/4 mile to the right, accelerating so fast that just a little after clearing the hill it disappeared from sight.

This object had no visible means of propulsion, no wings, and no exhaust. I did not hear a sonic boom nor see any atmospheric disturbance during its flight.

I do not know if there is any relation, but Mather Air Force Base is about 16 miles away from that location. The direction the ufo zoomed away was about 60 degrees counter-clockwise from Mather. At the time Mather was no longer being used as an airbase, but it was the headquarters for Aerojet Corporation.
