{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-07 21:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288145","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115224","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3028,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/145/mufon-5288145.json","updb_database_id":5288145}
Multiple objects moving to the North, each suddenly disappeared.

At 9:55 pm, the night of May 7, 2021 I was bringing my dog out for a walk. My house faces NW. As I looked up on approximately a 25 degree angle, I saw what appeared to be several stars in a perfect horizontal alignment of equal distance apart holding stationery in the sky. I instantly realized that these "stars" were not supposed to be where they were. There were approximately 5 in alignment but I did not realize that my view to others was partially obscured by a cedar tree. I walked to the edge of the drive and stepped off center where I could clearly see there were 7 objects hovering in that one position. I stood and watched for a minute of so, there was no movement. Then they began a horizontal movement from left to right. I was standing still. Then I noticed that as they moved to the right there were more in this procession than I could originally see because of the trees. At first I thought they might be military helicopters but you could hear no sound, no engine, no propwash, nothing. Each craft seemed elliptical shaped with a white glow. As they moved horizontally to my right I was able to count as they came into view. But when the lead craft reached a certain point almost due true north, the lead craft disappeared. Every successive craft remained on the same course and disappeared at the exact same place. They did not fade like an anti-collision light moving to the distance. It was as if they just switched off. One after another followed the exact same pattern until the last ship which was around 10 or 11 had reached the same point and likewise disappeared. Other than our standard stars, there was nothing else witnessed in the sky. We live in a rural area, so we can view much of the sky without obstruction. Having worked for some 30 years as a machinist, I have a fairly good eye for detail. Being a private pilot, I can generally determine the difference between aircraft, etc. And being a retired hypnotherapist, I have encountered many people with various experiences associated to this. I myself have had many experiences starting around 7 years of age. But this is the first time that I am reporting any observation experience. Prior to this time I did not feel compelled to do so, but I now believe it is the correct thing to do. My dog saw the same thing, it stopped him dead in his tracks as he watched the progression.
