{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-08-19 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548145","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"12184","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4083,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/145/mufon-5548145.json","updb_database_id":5548145}
I was driving down the road when I saw 2 very bright lights over a pond

I was driving down the road when out of the corner of my eye I saw 2 very bright lights in the sky not too high above the water of the pond. I pulled over to view and got out of my car after seeing that they did not disappear right away. One of them either flew away very quickly or disappeared while the other came closer to me it appeared to be a rainbow of very bright lights around a disk. It blinded me as if I stared into headlights then by the time I regained my sight it had vanished. I had observed it for about 5 minutes before it left. The next night I returned with my friend and a high quality video camera and again at exactly 10:00 it returned this time by its self. This time it was a little farther from the shore. The object zig zagged right, left up and down very quickly changing directions. My camera was set to night vision on a tripod with a slower shutter speed. I captured it both in night vision and in normal capture mode. The camera with its slow shutter was unable to capture its very fast jerky style movement that was visible by the naked eye but some was seen on tape. It disappeared only to reappear in the same spot about 15 minutes later. Each time it would stay for about 5-8 minutes. It would hover in the same exact area each time. At least once it appeared to shoot a quick beam of light almost appearing like lighting in sky and light up the ground around it. I have seen this object in the large field in back of my house ( miles away from the pond) for the past couple weeks now. At the pond down the road is where the closest sightings happened on 2 occasions. You can tell its NOT a normal airplane. There is no noise, the light is VERY intense and it changes direction at a very fast rate. There is no blinking lights like you see on the wings of an airplane. There also appeared to be at least one or two smaller craft that came out of the larger one and after exiting they flew in opposite directions of each other. We also have audio that appears to sound like some other creature speaking but we are not sure it could be some animal. We herd the voices and captured it on video after the ship had passed over us. I have VERY good video of the incident however the camera did not capture the rainbow light but instead captured a very bright whitish\blueish color. 

The reason I am reporting it to you is I did a Google search and found your CT Mutual UFO network just now and the picture of the rainbow lights that was also taken in CT. IT IS THE SAME SHIP THAT WE SAW!! I have a feeling this UFO can be further captured at around the same time if you wish to visit the area soon with higher quality video equipment. I live in the country, I am a 26 year old male. My friend was also witness with me on the second night when we came prepared with a camera. The object appears over a pond and the light is close enough to reflect off the water. It hovers between the pond and a large set of woods. Please let me know if you can help to capture this object as it is seem all the time in the hours between 9 and 11:30. Sometimes there are a couple of them and they appear about 20 feet apart. I am going to try and upload some of the video soon.

porterzcustomz@comcast.net
