{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-01 11:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454145","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107475","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3188,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/145/mufon-5454145.json","updb_database_id":5454145}
{tjd} As I walked a path, a small translucent oval crossed in front of and then behind me.

I've never learned of an encounter like mine and can't even quite call it a UFO, because it wasn't with an object and it wasn't really flying. ... 

During spring about 6-8 years ago (best guess), the Beaver Lake water had risen unusually high from rains that then abated. l was walking on a lakeside path near Hickory Creek Park near Lowell AR. The shoreline path had been submerged but now had weed-like thorny plants growing sparsely on either side. I'd been looking downward, but raised my eyes to notice a gray oval "floating/hovering" beside the path about 6 feet ahead at a height of about 18" that gently moved from the S to the N side of the path. It was about 5" tall by 15" long and seemed totally flat: in other words, 2-dimensional and not really an "object" at all. It seemed benign and I continued on the path with a sense of wonder at the apparition and my confidence in proceeding. At about 10 feet beyond the oval's crossing point, I considered looking back, curious to know if it would still be there. I remember asking myself almost verbatim: "So, what are the chances--if you do turn around, will it still be there?" I did look and found it stationed just to the N side of the crossing point as it began to reverse course and move at the same gentle pace back to the S side of the path. I turned around, and continued my walk and sense of wonder. .. 

My impression was that I had just passed through a gateway of some sort and that the passage had been by invitation. I felt that the purpose was to have me understand, in the friendliest sort of way, that there are dimensions of reality beyond those I was used to and that, in the future, this would help me understand, accept, and support similar shared experiences of other people. In fact, that has been a benefit because I know personally how every-day real "hallucinations" and experiences like mine can be. ... 

(This event happened several years ago and I alluded to it in a journal I was keeping then. I tried to find similar accounts online at the time and the best I could find was that a suggestion that an intersection between dimensions of reality might appear like the oval I witnessed. But a couple of years later when I tried to again find that information online, I was unable to.) (I couldn't answer the question about elevation since the horizon as viewed was higher than the oval; I was looking down at it.) (I was prompted to send in this report by watching a History Channel TV episode re UFOs.)
