{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-20 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285145","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118266","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6325,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/145/mufon-5285145.json","updb_database_id":5285145}
Red star-like object appeared rapidly and flew at incredible speed

This might be only a slight encounter but I am convinced that what I saw defies any explanation I can think of so and it disturbed me enough to write it up. 

Last Monday evening, around 9:15pm, I woke up from a strange dream having fallen asleep unusually early that night. Directly outside my bedroom window to the North-East I quickly spotted a bright star I hadn't noticed before. Grabbing my binoculars I observed that the star was pulsating yellow, red and green which, at the time, I thought was weird because I'd never seen a three-coloured star before. I even half-thought, excitedly, that it might be a UFO. 

Removing the binoculars, I reached down to grab my phone to identify the star on a star-map, when all of a sudden an independent and extraordinarily bright, shiny red object appeared in more-or-less the vicinity/direction of that exact star, seemed to stall for a few milliseconds, and before I could audibly complete the phrase, 'now what the fuck is THAT?!' it had zipped off to the South-East at a crazy speed in a path that seemed to rise around my house and completely out of view. 

The object was about three times as bright as a star, almost laser-like in intensity, with a crystalline, star-like structure in the centre surrounded by a small but bright red/orange aura-like glow. I have attached a rough photoshop example I made - although it doesn't capture any of the intensity of the light nor the distinctive star-like body of the object. As it flew, the object lost none of it's fidelity i.e. it remained solid and clear throughout the experience. Although I could make out no more detail than I've described in the very short time it was visible (somewhere between 1-3 seconds).

The sky was clear and there was no laser beam one would expect if it was some kind of projection/laser. 

I know it stalled briefly because I recall focusing in as tightly as I could on it's centre, trying to ascertain what it was. That's when I picked up the details of it's (seemingly) solid body. I'm also 80% certain it made a small zig-zag manoeuvre after becoming visible, but it moved so fast this is the only part I can't make up my mind about for certain. 

Some contextual notes: I was completely sober, and had been for two weeks prior to this date. Having not long awoken, perhaps a bit sleepy. Although I had been up and watching the star for five minutes by that point and felt awake/attentive. 

I also think it's worth pointing out that I have recently been investigating the UFO phenomenon online these last few months. As such I've been consciously looking up at the sky more regularly. I would say on average though this would only account for a maximum of around 5 minutes a day (i.e. I haven't actually been out hunting UFOs or making any concerted effort beyond the occasional glare upwards). I had previously theorized that if I started paying more attention to the sky in general I would, statistically, see something at some point but was frankly unprepared to see something so anomalous so soon. 

Using Google Maps I have tracked a rough estimate of it's trajectory which I will also upload here. My most conservative estimate is that it must have travelled at least something like a mile well within 1-3 seconds, so unless someone can tell me otherwise I've discounted the possibility of it being a man-made drone - for now. (I've also never seen a drone in this rural area) And as far as I know there are no jets or aircraft that can turn so dramatically at that velocity. There was no sound either that I was aware of although my window was closed.

Incidentally, the multi-coloured star that first attracted by attention turned out to be Castor, which as you may or not know is in fact several stars that appear as one to the naked eye all pulsating different colours. I find the cumulative likelihood that I woke up, started looking at this precise spot at the same time that a genuine unidentified object would then appear extremely difficult to calculate and comprehend. 

Something tangental I think is worth mentioning. Around 8 years ago I had a breakthrough DMT experience on LSD where, at least experientially, I saw and interacted with what could be described as 'intelligent entities'. Whilst I have never claimed that this experience was definitively aliens/extraterrestrial in nature (they didn't look anything like the standard alien archetypes), I suspect that having had that encounter, however 'real' it actually was, means the idea of physically seeing an apparent UFO is perhaps not as bizarre or otherworldly to me as it might otherwise have been. 

I am open to the idea of a subconscious manifestation of a UFO. Although all I can say is this was a very sobering, realistic experience as it happened. 

One last thing, I noticed immediately after the encounter that my brain tried to dismiss the whole event. Even though I had an 'other-wordly' feeling when it was happening I guess it didn't map onto any of my expectations of either aerodynamics nor what I though a UFO sighting should *feel* like, so it almost didn't register properly at first. I even resumed investigating the star which I still thought was strange and unusual in it's own right. Perhaps this is the part of the story that makes me look stupid? I've since heard this motif is documented by Jacques Vallée as a recurring aspect of UFO sightings. 

Would gladly take a polygraph on all of the above. 

Good luck MUFON.
