{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489145","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70488","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5427,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/145/mufon-5489145.json","updb_database_id":5489145}
{cak} I felt that i was visited by a being that was not human. I was taken from my bed and then brought back . A being hled/forced me down. I had pain and visual disturbances.

I was laying in my bed thinking about the day ahead of me and what time I have to get up. I reached over to the table side and looked at my phone to see what time it was and how much sleep I would not get. It was 12:23am. I turned on my left side put a pillow between my legs and put the blankets over me to snuggle in for the night. I could not sleep. All of a sudden I felt drugged. Like when you have a procedure. I got loopy and my body was limp and the next thing I knew I was being carried/held in a standing position through a neighborhood like setting, not sure if it was my neighborhood but I was going along slightly above the trees. It felt like a giant object had a hold of most of my torso, but my head and feet were free. I was not going upwards just straight head at such a speed that the lights I seen were a blur. I felt the cool wind all over me and my hair was flying back ,like if you stuck your head out of car window but at such a high speed, that I have not experienced. I felt and said to my self what the hell is happening but at the same time is was very relaxing and peaceful. The next thing I knew I was thrown down on my bed on my back. I felt a dominant being over me. I could not move but was trying to. I felt scared and the peaceful feeling was instantly gone. It was holding me down but not in just one spot. It was over my chest arms and legs. I could move my head feet and hands but nothing else. I felt a warm being on me. My first thought that came to mind was that a man broke into the house and was trying to harm me. I then knew it was not a man. I could not see it. I felt like something was put into my eyes that made me have blurred vision and that seemed like black smoke. I could not cry out for my son.I kept blinking at the same time to adjust my eyes but couldn't focus them. I knew it was not a human, but it was something else. It had a powerful sense, very dominate feeling. It was warm and very heavy. It felt almost like hair but it was not hairy, it was a blurred black presence. I could not breathe or move my torso. I tired crying out for my son but because I was constricted I could not. I was thinking I got to get free. I thought I was going to die. The remote control was laying next to me and I thought I could grab it and throw it through the window to set off the house alarm so my son could come help me. I could not do that either. I heard something saying do not move. It was not a voice, more like a mental message. I heard strange noises like a sound from an MRI and other noises, that I cant describe by writing. I said it hurts stop. I told myself to get free and with all my strength I lifted out of it. At that moment it was gone. I instantly felt pain in my lower back/spine area and stomach. Burning pain. My throat was extremely dry. I noticed that I was laying on my back with all the blankets and pillows off me. I was laying there like I was being held down. I was to afraid to get up from the bed. It felt like hours had went by. I reached over and called my son on his cell phone to come downstairs to my room. He did. I still could not get my vision back, my throat was dry and in a few minutes after my vision cleared the pain went away. My throat was still dry and I drank some water that was next to my bed. I got up from the bed and felt exhausted and looked into the mirror. My hair was all back just if I had blow dried it that way. I told my son what happened and we talked about it for awhile. We checked the doors, they were locked and the alarm was on. He kept the lights on for me. I was afraid because I knew it would not matter if the lights were on or off. I knew this happened to me and there was nothing I could do to stop it. I just asked him to sleep in the living room which is next to my room for the night. I did end up going to sleep and woke up and went to work. I told my friend about the experience. As I told her about it, the time frame was off. I looked at my phone to check the time. I thought I called my son about 130am,because it felt like a long time but in fact it was only 7 minutes that this all occurred in. According to my cell phone it was 1230am that I called my son to come downstairs. I am telling my story to further help me understand this experience. I do not take drugs, I am a professional health care provider, a respected member of the community and an overall normal person. This is crazy to me and I cant find a rational explanation. I do know I was not sleeping nor am I making this experience up to get any type of attention. I am hoping for any feedback, is there anyone out there that this has happened to? Any response will be helpful.
