{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-01 11:41:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291525","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111811","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5517,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/525/mufon-5291525.json","updb_database_id":5291525}
Observed objects flying in Sedona, Arizona sky and recorded 55-second video clip on I-phone. One photo was also taken.

I climbed to the top of Submarine Rock in Sedona, Arizona on June 1, 2019. While taking in the wonderful 360 degree landscape from the top of the rock on almost a completely cloudless day just before noon, I spotted a couple of white objects to the south that were moving fast in the sky from west to east. The objects appeared to move behind another large ridge line of rocks to the south about a mile away from my vantage point. I then noticed the objects moving again once they passed the ridge line. I then noticed that they had circled around before I lost visual sight of them. Fortunately, I was describing on my video what I was visually witnessing, but when I reviewed what I had just filmed in the 55-second video clip on my I-phone, I couldn't see that I filmed anything. Since I had nothing to show on video, I didn't even mention it to my wife who was waiting for me at the base of Submarine Rock. On October 11, 2020, I was looking on my I-phone at older photos and videos. I had only learned recently (clue about my age) that you can zoom-in on videos and also watch them frame-by-frame on your I-phone (11 model). When I came across the video which I shot above, I started zooming-in to different areas of the video and scrolled through it frame-by-frame. I was blown away by what I actually filmed. The objects were flying so fast that the images of them are only viewable when slowed down frame-by-frame. Out of 30 frames per second, these objects would only appear in a few frames, but when viewing the video by slowing it down it actually shows their flight paths over the few frames where their images were captured on the video. In one frame, an object's image appears as a dotted line in the sky. As I kept looking at other areas of the video over the next few days, I found another couple of these objects flying below me and away from me up the side of the large rock ridge. There are at least four areas of the video where I found these objects flying around, but it was only after I started hunting for the few frames where these objects were captured on the video. When I looked at the objects that were flying below me which then flew up the ridge line across the valley, one of them appeared to join the other objects flying above after that other group of objects had circled around and also flew away from me. I believe that it may be possible in this section of the video to calculate their approximate speed and roughly their size since the ground is visible behind one object as it flies away from me and up into the sky. In another section of the zoomed-in video, there appears to be at least 5-6 of these objects flying together and flying in roughly the same direction away from me. Although, one frame is unique as it appears that three of these objects may be flying together whereas all the others seem to have similar yet distinct flight paths. At the end of the video, I visually noticed and stated in the video that one object had stopped and was hovering near the wall of a distant rock ridge, and while I believe I have one frame of the object in the video hovering, I quickly switched to my camera on my I-phone and took the same photo of it in the same position. Unfortunately, the object is too far away to clearly see defined edges of the object, but it does appear as a fuzzy shape that is present in both the video and photo. There were no sounds emanating from these objects, but all of them were flying unbelievably fast. I'm surprised now that I even visually noticed these objects and dumbfounded at how briefly they were captured on video. These objects were clearly changing directions and appeared to be under controlled flight. These were not birds, balloons, aircraft, or anything else that was recognizable. They appeared to reflect sunlight and have a shadow area on their underside, but I could not discern any shadows on the ground. My best guess is that these could be military observational drones, but they're using a new technology where no noise, or exhaust is produced, and yet whatever is propelling them is at extremely high speeds. If these are remotely controlled, these must be tremendously skilled personnel to fly them independently, together as a group, and low to the ground. I can't explain them, and neither can anyone else who has viewed the video clip. I don't want to make the video public at this time, or at least until I find a way to have them thoroughly reviewed using video enhancement techniques, and to protect my rights to the video before releasing it. I believe with video enhancement techniques, more answers about what I saw and videoed can be answered. I just don't know where to go, or who can help me figure this out yet, but I have just started that venture by ONLY going to MUFON first to report these UAPs.
