{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503525","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55409","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4501,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/525/mufon-5503525.json","updb_database_id":5503525}
{nd} Witnessed dual sighting that day. One straight line leaving vapor trail, and one hovering then disappeared.

On the morning of June 17, 2011, me and my brother-in-law were in front of my house in Sugar Land, Texas working on his vintage 1970 VW Beetle. Both of us having seen UFOs in the past, we always kept an eye to the sky. To the East we both happen to notice the classic vapor trial high up in the atmosphere that is usually associated with the alleged "Aurora" black project; a straight-line vapor trail encircled by donut shaped "puffs". We could see the vapor trail being made, but we couldn't see the vehicle that was the source of the trail. The trail was being created very fast. In my opinion the vapor tail was being created 10x faster than any commercial jet contrail. As the trail moved from East to West we noticed a very unusual event. At about 45 degrees above the horizon it appeared as if a literal "window" opened in the upper atmosphere just before the vapor trail. This "window" opened from a pin-point to a box shape in less than a second, and then whatever was creating the vapor trail exited the "window" in the atmosphere and the vapor trail stopped. Immediately after the vapor trail exited the window, the window closed in the same way it had opened. The window was open for about 3-4 seconds and while it was open you could see a clear patch of black sky, as though it was the middle of the night... and it was mid-day. After the "window" closed my brother-in-law and I looked at each other in amazement and said- "did you see that?" and then we both confirmed that we had both seen the same thing- what appeared to be a craft of some sort flying high in the atmosphere, opening a "window" in the earth's atmosphere, and then flying through it, with the "window" closing after whatever was making the vapor trail left the atmosphere. We came to the conclusion that it had to be some sort of government "black" project, and continued working on the old VW. Of course we kept looking up the rest of the day... and it was a good thing we did.

 After sighting the strange vapor trail and "window" in the sky, I went inside and got my digital camera. Within a few minutes of sighting the vapor trail and "window" in the sky we both saw an unusual triangle shaped object which appeared to be several thousand feet at almost 90 degrees above my house. I couldn't distinguish the object's color, but it appeared to be reflective of the sky... almost clear with the exception of what appeared to be white lights on one side of it. I snapped a few shots with my camera; a couple with trees in the foreground for perspective, and then a couple of shots zoomed in on the object. I looked at the screen on the back of my camera to make sure I had photographed the object and when I looked back up at the sky the object was gone. Both me and my brother-in-law saw the object. We were both amazed at what we had winessed that day, but being open-minded, we were excited about what we had witnessed.

 The attached photos are of the triangle object we witnessed above my house. The pictured titled "unk.jpg" is the first one taken with the tree in the foreground for perspective and the white dot in between the clouds is the object. The rest of the photos are zoomed-in shots.
