{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-23 13:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520525","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36028","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2200,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/525/mufon-5520525.json","updb_database_id":5520525}
Bright light appears, hovers, moves, then brightens and disapears

I went to smoke a cigarette on my lunch break at work in my car in the parking lot because it was very windy (gusts hit 40 mph according to local NPR station). I turned on the radio to listen to NPR while I smoked and leaned over to roll down the passenger side window (which was not in the direction of the wind). When I rolled it down I noticed a bright star like object that appeared. It materialized out of thin air. It became brighter until it reached its full luminosity. It hovered for about a couple of seconds then began to move. The object was in the direction of the south-west and then moved towards the east or south. It looked far away, and I could not tell if it was moving south or east from that distance. It moved very slowly, like watching a high altitude jumbo jet flying far, far off int he distance. There were no contrails, however. Its speed and velocity could not be verified by me. after traveling in a straight line for about 10 to 15 seconds, it stopped, and then became much brighter, and simply disappeared. I looked in that same direction for a minute or two to see if it would reappear but it did not. The location I witnessed it at is near the Sacramento international Airport where one can see several or more Southwest Airlines Boeing 737-300s taking off and landing. They fly much closer to the ground than this object seem to be, and high altitude jumbo jets that fly over Sacramento I have noticed take the same flight paths, which was not were this object was. Unfortunately, I have no photos or videos.
