{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-29 22:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501525","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57520","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2368,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/525/mufon-5501525.json","updb_database_id":5501525}
{dr}saw a lighted ferris wheel shaped object fly right over my property

On Sunday night June 29 at about 10:05 pm my dog woke me up to let him outside. I walked out my front door and noticed lighting in the distance near the Waupaca area. As I was looking in that direction I noticed a small round bright light heading in my direction. I thought it was plane at first since the Waupaca airport is in that area (About 18 miles from my home) But as it got closer, I realized that it was not a plane but a round lit up object that was similar to a bike tire with many spokes that were all lit up in different colors, and blinking white lights all around the outside ring. It continued to come towards my property at a steady level only about 40 feet above the ground, moving at about 5 mph.And even with a steady wind it was not affecting its movement. It was about the size of a hula hoop (maybe larger) and the thing that most amazed me was that it did not make any sound. When it was right across me in my yard (about 20 yards away) it went over the top of my shed, barely clearing the top of it by about 5 feet, and continued thru my back yard and small woods just above the tree tops. Once it passed my property, all the lights (spokes included)kept blinking on and off until I could not see it anymore as it headed towards New London and beyond the trees. I told my wife and several co-workers the next morning and listened to the news hoping someone else had witnessed it but heard nothing. The only way I could explain the way it looked was to compare it to a small ferris wheel but with many more spokes, almost like a fireworks display contained in a round circle with blinking lights all around it. I went back inside with the dog and checked the time. It was 10:20pm.
