{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-03 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487525","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72134","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2608,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/525/mufon-5487525.json","updb_database_id":5487525}
{dr}Driving saw 3, stacked lights that moved into a triangular shape

I was driving home from my boyfriend's house around 8:15 pm, a trip I make almost every single day. The trip home is on a dark road surrounded by woods that's the main road between my town and the next. It was still early enough for there to be a small amount of traffic and up until this point there had been a pretty steady supply of cars. 

I keep a close eye out for deer because they're common in the area, so I was driving while scanning the sides of the road when some lights caught my eye. I didn't think much of it because the lights from my dash always reflect in my windows but I took another look because they weren't the usual reflections. I slowed down and kept looking and realized they were definitely outside of my car. Up near the tops of the trees were three, stacked lights. Two white and then a red on the end. They were just balls of light, circular and steady. 

I looked ahead, because I was still driving and swerving all over the road, and when I looked back they had moved into a triangle! At that point a car came up behind me and I started driving faster again and looked over and it was gone. I don't think the globes of light were big enough to carry any entities on their own, and it's possible the change of shape was just a trick of the eye.

I can think of no reasonable explanation what kind of stacked lights would be flying through the trees in CT so here I am, despite the fact that I detest the notion of aliens. I couldn't think of anyone else to report this too because I don't think the police would be exceptionally helpful in the matter and I know I'm not crazy. It made me extremely nervous and I ran into my house and locked the doors as soon as I got home, even though it now sounds irrational in hindsight. It even made me nervous while I was driving, which is why I didn't just stop. I could easily have stopped and stayed in my car and watched, but for some reason it just didn't feel safe.
