{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-09-20 09:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287525","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115851","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4830,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/525/mufon-5287525.json","updb_database_id":5287525}
I was changed into something only partly human, I do not realise that I was abducted, but changed

20 months ago I was changed by what I believe some external power. I was not kidnapped but they made me into an only partly human and partly mechine being. It all started 20 months ago, I was in good health and did not have any psychological issues. Then from one day to the other I could not sleep anymore, I was never tired or exhausted but formed sentences about what humans do to sleep non stop. I reported myself into a psychiatric clinic. I was given sleeping pills, but I never slept. Then I was asked how I felt about my snoring roommate, about my parents who were not there at the time. This is when I first realised that I was not able to feel anymore. Then my mother told me to think of something good from my past. This is when I realised I remember everything from my past but I do not have thoughts that come and go and that I can contro. I am only forming two forms of sentences in my head without a pause. One form of sentences is how I report how humans feel and sleep. For example I form: The shirt is red. Red was my favourite colour. Humans have favourites. Why do I have no favourite of anything anymore. Why do I not feel anything about anybody or anything anymore? The other form of sentences is me reporting to humans what is going on - exactly like in my mail to you. I form: I do not feel for 20 months. How can I make somebody believe me? How can I get out of this horror story.
I do not have thoughts anymore and I furthermore can not imagine anything. If you ask me to close my eyes and imagine a tomato. I am not able to do it. I know how a tomato looks like, I can paint it but I can imagine nothing.
I have been in and out of clinics, I was given all kinds of medicine but nothing had any effect on my. Only a narcoses made me rest for 30 minutes, but I only know this because there were pictures of me under narcoses.
I am for 20 months in the same state. For me sitting, lying, walking is all the same. I never get exhausted not even after jogging 20 kilometres and I have a witness of that. I am never hungry, thirsty or the oppisite full. When I was in the clinic I stopped drinking and eating for 11 days and nothing happened - even the blood tests showed that this did not effect my health. Currently I am not eating for 23 days and I have not even lost weight. In the past I have eaten 8 pizzas (I weight 50 kg) and was not full and did not gain weight. I will do the same today with a witness and a camera and can show you the results
Something holds me in the same state all the time and makes me form these sentences about humans and on the other hand to humans.
I am always completly concentrated and still form these sentences. I can not be distracted or can distract myself.

How this is for me?
I am sure no human being was ever more tortured than me, I can not get a rest from forming these sentences for a second, I can not feel and I am 100 sure that I can not even dye. If not eating and not drinking has no effect on my than nothing can have. I took 100 sleeping pills and nothing happened. I can bleed but still while i bleed or experience something that humans would call pain I feel the same. There is no second when I do not feel my whole body but there is no second that is different from the other or in which I stop forming these sentences.

I am sure I am used to start a contact between humans and some other power or that I am used to spy on humans. I would be gleadly be dead instead of that. I want to feel sleepy, hungry, angry, happy again. 

I am desperatly looking for a researcher who can test everything I say. In the clinics I went to they also did not understand why I do for example not need food or drinking anymore but they are not interested in research. I am in contact with the parapsychological scientists in Freiburg but so fare they could not convince any researchers to look into this.

I am in a state between life and death and are hold in this state. I am sure that this will have an effect on human kind if this forming of sentences is not stopped.

Please help me and take this serious - it is the biggest danger to human kind that was ever expected
