{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-07-27 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484032","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75812","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2852,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/032/mufon-5484032.json","updb_database_id":5484032}
{cak} unloading camping gear remote. heard loud crack of breaking tree limb. Looked up and out of the tree top and across the creek, back into tree tops gone

This is a follow up to a previously reported sighting, witnesses [names removed] 

 I realized that I in fact did have lost time after the sighting I was left alone with the camping gear. I remember gathering wood for the fire but not starting it. My next memory is looking at the fire from a seat on a large log
it is now pitch dark and a party is going on around me. It was daylight when I began gathering wood 7:30-8:00 pm. about 11:30pm.

 I have begun having fragmented memories within the past year and a picture has begun to emerge. I remember hearing a voice telling me that he is the pilot responsible for ferrying the guys at the top of the food chain in this case [names and location removed] to this facility for research projects and experiments. this place is one of the first and still most secret no one has even guessed that there is something like this here.

 the next thing I remember is the same voice saying that they have been flying the same path so the tree tops should glow at night all along the path ha ha just kidding , but the annular grow ring of the trees should show signs of high radiation all along the path like bread crumbs right to the front door and down the rabbit hole. I can tell you all this because you will never remember HahA HA HA have fun .

 That is strange I realize but that is what I am remembering. Everything I try to visualize is blurred vision of people the voice sounds like we are in a fairly large area inside. There are other words and phrases i can hear being said but none of it makes any sense. 

 I would have skipped sending this except that the name Edward Teller made me think that it could lead to discovering a dumb in the vicinity western PA or WV that was one of the first in the country built at the time that the nuclear power station was built. The words research facility are said several times. 

Thanks for the time Contact me if you think it would be worth it. 
I am considering having a regressive session to see if i can get a complete memory. 

                           Thanks

                          Bruce
