{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1984-07-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495032","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64418","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2693,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/032/mufon-5495032.json","updb_database_id":5495032}
{dr}UFO passed over my head. Watched as it continued on path.

I grew up in Mahopac Fall NY. I lived there from 4 years old to 22. During the mass sightings in the Hudson Valley area, our family had seen numerous sightings, but due to my age at the time, I never reported any. After seeing a program on TV, I felt compelled to tell my story of one very close sighting.

My friends and I were walking along Route 6 to go to an annual carnival that is held at the Fire House. One of my friends and I were sitting on a rock wall waiting for another person to join us. I noticed a car that had stopped on the side of the road. The driver got out of his car and was pointing in our direction. 

For whatever reason, I looked above me, and I saw a large lighted object directly above us. It was sort of a triangle/boomerang shape and covered in lights. The size was enormous, it literally covered the sky above me. It was covered in a series of lights that pulsed softly. 

It moved very slowly and what struck me was that there was absolutely no noise, not even a hum. My friend muttered, "What is that?'....all I could say was, "I have no idea". 

Our other friends came rushing up to us and said, "Did you see that thing"...We crossed the road and watched as the object continued to move over Lake Mahopac. It then turned, as if it was on an axis and headed out of our sight.  

As I sated, my family (and other friends) had seen multiple sightings during the years, but we never really had the technology to report as we do now. This one encounter has stayed with me. No one could adequately explain what I saw that night....what I do know, is that there was no way it was planes or ultralights. I used to live not far from the Mahopac Airport and would hear prop planes travel all the time near our home....There were Air National Guard bases in Newburgh and Stewart airport. We saw planes and military jets of all types in our area and I can differentiate between them.

This object was too large, too quiet and traveled too slowly to be an aircraft of any type found on this planet.
