{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-17 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287032","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116347","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3954,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/032/mufon-5287032.json","updb_database_id":5287032}
at first I thought it was a bright star against the blue sky, but it seemed to be glinting as if metallic and appeared/disappeared 3 timess

Last night (Thursday 6/17/2021), I sat on my patio to write. Around 5:30pm high in the clear blue southern sky, I saw a very bright, twinkling stationary object diagonal to the moon. As I watched I realized it wasn't twinkling but glinting as though metallic and almost as if it was somehow flipping its sides, though it didn't move from its spot in the sky. Planes making their descent to Newark Airport (also to the south of me) didn't seem affected but this object was much, much higher than any plane and at least to my eye much farther off. I checked my star constellation app on my phone because I thought it might be the star Spica of the Virgo constellation and honestly, the object seemed to fit within the constellation. Case closed, I figured. I continued watching until the object simply faded out about 15, 20 minutes later. 

Maybe an hour later, it reappeared, this time shifted to a more southwesterly position in the sky, again diagonal to the moon, again very high and farther off, again completely stationary. I wanted to say 'it's a star I'm seeing,' but it was most definitely glinting (a big difference compared to twinkling) brightly at intervals. I watched it for another good 15 minutes before it simply and slowly faded out. 

Finally around 7:05pm, I saw it a third time, this time completely not 'near' the moon at all. It seemed much higher and 'deeper' into the southwest sky at this point and as I watched, it slowly moved. I knew this because I used the telephone lines from the opposite block as a point of reference. The object didn't move 'down' (meaning it was travelling away) but UP as if ascending way way out in the distance. It moved very slowly, then stopped and shifted its movement left (back in a southerly direction) until it simply faded a third time. 

I managed to take some pics the second time it appeared. The first pic shows the moon up in the right corner, and diagonal to the left, much lower, you'll see a tiny spot of light (follow your eyes up from the vine covered tree trunk in my yard). I know it's hard to see, but this 'tiny' spot of light was very visible to my eye - it just didn't translate to photograph. 

The next 2 pics are the object zoomed in. I understand pixels and all that can distort what you're zooming in on, but this clearly wasn't a plane. Does a star glint so brightly in the blue sky only to appear/reappear several times in different locations? And the movement the third time I saw it? It sounds crazy but I saw what I saw. What can 'ascend' then shift direction? 

I thought drone, but from where I was, I never heard a sound, though the planes were clearly heard, and I'd like to think such a high operating drone should not be there anyway. 

Was this a star? Then I remind myself of the movement I witnessed the third time I saw it.

I'm very much at a loss.
