{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-12 18:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288032","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115338","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2720,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/032/mufon-5288032.json","updb_database_id":5288032}
Disc Behind Plane

Hiking Carbon Canyon, 635PM Weds May 12, highest point in Orange County, CA. Taking picture of large commercial airplane headed toward LAX. Standard flight path goes right over this area and 57 Freeway, so typically lots, one after another, planes. This was large plane, so decided to take picture from trail as I ascended hill. Texted picture to my girlfriend who was at home. She texted right back saying picture had picked up what looked like silver disc behind or above airplane. I did not see when I took pictures. Have multiple pictures of plane, this is in only one containing object.

Pictures attached are the original, isolated blow up of original, and change in light blown up pictures of object in grayscale so shape more apparent. 

Not first time sighting, year ago, was hiking in same area and saw helicopter apparently chasing black object coming from south direction, helicopter stopped chasing after 5 minutes and over course of at least 3 miles. Object appeared out of nowhere (Initially, I could not see what helicopter was chasing from distance and wondered what it was pursuing so quickly) flying very quickly 50ft off ground up over hiking path, I was off to side 75ft away. Black object 5-6ft across circular, moving quickly as it paralleled hillside and headed toward 57 freeway which was NW. Did not get good picture via cell phone that time as object moved so quickly and I couldn't believe what I was seeing. Could have been drone but no sound and high-rate of speed as well as physically adapting to topography, up/down when needed over trees, hills, made me think that was unlikely. For sure helicopter was chasing this, no doubt in my mind. Also early evening roughly 6PM.
