{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483032","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76909","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3203,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/032/mufon-5483032.json","updb_database_id":5483032}
{nd} Brightly colored glowing orbs each one solid in color no blinking. Most were green but there were 1 each of red, blue and purple/violet. We were in the desert so I was unable to gauge distance or size since there was no point of reference.

On the night of June 4th 2016 I was at a night vision star gazing experience at the Contact in the Desert conference in Joshua Tree CA. There were approx 100 other people in attendance. I had finished my turn using the night vision goggles and was sitting with a friend watching the skies while waiting for another turn with the goggles. Suddenly someone started yelling that there was a blue orb. I was expecting it to be gone by the time I looked but to my astonishment I could clearly see a blue orb moving quickly across the sky. It was not a color I had ever seen on an airplane or helicopter, there was no discernible light source the thing just glowed blue, it was larger than any of the stars that were visible and could be seen for several seconds before it disappeared into the distance. The large crowd of people were cheering and clapping, my friend was jumping up and down like a little kid. I was not sure what I had just seen and was still trying to process it when people started yelling that there were more. Coming over the hill in the distance (I was told by someone in the crowd that that was west) I witnessed two other orbs in succession, this time bright green traveling at about same speed and path as the blue orb. We stood staring in the direction that they came from and watched as 3 more shot over the hill, I was in a bit of shock at this point and find it hard to recall the exact sequence but as best I can remember there were two green in the sky and one red all traveling in the same direction. At this point I was thinking it almost looked like they were being "scrambled" like jets in a war movie. As they disappeared in to the distance we thought that was the last of them and began talking about what we had just seen. I was overwhelmed with of a sense of excitement, wonder and maybe a little bit of fear because there were so many. I was relived that I had a friend with me to validate what I had just seen. Suddenly someone yelled "here they come again!" and we watched as a purple orb and a green orb came over the hill and disappeared into the distance. I have no Idea what we saw that night, I only know what I did not see - it was not anything I have ever seen before or expect to ever see again. This event has underscored what I have aways suspected, that we are not alone and that we are not being told the truth.
