{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473032","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87369","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2957,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/032/mufon-5473032.json","updb_database_id":5473032}
Stationary light seen with eye that disappeared after 10 mins

I had trouble sleeping one evening so decided to go for a walk. It was about 04:00 on the 14th of October in 2015 in Harlow, UK. It was a clear night so I was looking at the stars a lot. As I changed direction my attention came to a different part of the sky where I noticed the object. It was a cigar shaped orange light that was stationary. The light had no blinking lights that aircraft would normally have, but was just a orange light with what appeared to be diagonal lines going through the light. It also appeared to be a dark shape around the light almost squarish. I thought the light was strange so sat and watched it for a few minutes to see if it was moving. It was not. I also noticed there was no noise coming from the object which was also strange as aircraft overhead normally make a noise. After it hadn1t changed direction or moved I decided to take a picture of the object. My first photo was faded as o had the flash on so I had time to change the camera settings which was all new to me and took about a minute to figure out and take another picture. This picture had clearly caught the object as well as some stars. I was then checking out the photo to make sure it was a good picture and just shortly after the object just disappeared. I physically saw this object with my own eyes for several minutes before capturing it on camera. I can1t explain what I saw that night it didn1t look like anything I have seen in the sky before or aircraft so to me it is a UFO. I would be keen to find out if anyone else has seen anything else like this or can explain it.

People have said its lens flare but that does not explain how or why I saw it with my own eyes. When you zoom in on the picture you can see a shape around the light it would be interesting to see if someone can make this object clearer.
