{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486032","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73688","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2684,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/032/mufon-5486032.json","updb_database_id":5486032}
{nd} 2 sets of lights in triangular formation. 1 following the other. Both moving backwards.

My wife and I were coming home from my job delivering the local paper just after midnight on new years day. We hadn't had anything to drink but diet coke. (Later I had a single beer). As we pulled onto Wynngate Dr. we noticed fireworks from the next street over to the west. My wife needed to use the bathroom, so I let her go ahead into the house while I watched the fireworks. Just as I exited the car, which was pointed almost directly east, there was a loud boom. As I came to the back of the car, I noticed some lights approaching from the NW. The fireworks did not continue, but the lights drew my attention. A set of 3 light were moving in a straight line. They were moving with the short end of the triangle leading. I thought at first someone was playing with Chinese lanterns. I changed my mind almost instantly and figured they were drones. But as there was a little wind that morning and the lights were not having trouble staying in formation, I didn't know what was going on. The lights sort of pulsed on about a 1 or 2 second schedule. They were an orange color, about the same as the stop hand signal at crosswalks. The lights stopped at about dead west from my position. As I watched them I realised what I was seeing was not natural. I started taking pictures with my phone, but only got the last 2 lights. Then another set of lights became visible thru the trees to the west. There were 3 lights, again in a triangle with the short end leading. I looked at the first set and watched as they appeared to begin to rotate on their axis. As the nearer light passed light on its right, it began to fade, it was gone in about 2 or 3 seconds. The other lights in that formation also faded away. The other set of light stopped slightly to the north of west and after about another minute, they also faded out. 
I went into the house, told my wife what I'd seen had a beer and went to bed.
