{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-23 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291032","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112306","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3825,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/032/mufon-5291032.json","updb_database_id":5291032}
2 large craft escorting smaller craft

I live in Prince George, British Columbia, Canada. My wife and I are completely lost for words and there is far too much to say. 
During the Lyrid meteor shower of April 23, 2020 aprox 8:00 p.m. we witnessed 2 very large flat objects surrounded in a large white halo speed across ou r sky, directly over our heads, from south to north. I closed one eye and used my finger and thumb on an outstretched arm for a rough measurement. They were opened as wide as possible to fit both in between my fingers. They took aprox 10 MISSISSIPPI's to go from south horizon to the north horizon. I can see the line of site on a map and orientate the same way, they possibly could d have ended up in Alaska. I say this because they came back about 45 minutes later on roughly the same line back across our sky where it originated. I was in the Canadian military for 12 years and know the direction in which they traveled would have been the United States. The direction they came, the amount of time before seeing a return trip seems logical they went from the one of the 50 states up to Alaska. If that wasn't bizarre enough, it seem like they were escorting other ships. Engulfed in the same kind of large white halo were shapes resembling what I would consider fighter type craft in chevron pattern. I would compare it to a formation of F18 Hornets, aprox 10 - 12 craft more or less in formation in each of the large white halo's. The same halos that were around the first 2 escorting large craft. I feel the were escorting because they were alone on the return trip South towards Washington Idaho, Utah area or Direction. If you place a ruler roughly from that area south, to Prince George B.C and Mackenzie B.C. towards the Yukon Alaska and then back is the route traveled. They all appeared to travel in a jerky motion....meaning every little bit of distance the haloed objects traveled, the would seem to stagger in a line, akin to a drunk motion as it passed over from horizon to horizon. I notice the same motion in some satellites that we have all watched our entire lives go across our night skies.
Ironically we both saw Elon Musks line of satellites during our time on the front deck. They flew east to west, appearing one at a time and formed a line of however many there are...many. As well we saw another line appearing South to North, unsure if these were before or after the sightings. I understand the Elon Musk little satellite lines, beading across the skies as I know you do as well and I am going to go ahead and guess that you have heard about white halos or auras. The formation of ships I saw, I believe it to be the Space Force that was introduced by President Trump. They can't form that and give the playstations. I believe the first larger craft that returned to be Troop and equipment transports. It makes perfectly logical sense as I recently watch an episode of Ancient Aliens and remember Bob Lazar talking about element 115 as well as the footage released recently concerning the F18 filming and following the craft in the Pacific off southern California. The footage released showsthe same white glow around the craft, the one they actually released on the News
