{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-08 17:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525032","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30768","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2957,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/032/mufon-5525032.json","updb_database_id":5525032}
Looked exactly like a small drop of white-out; the stuff that covers typing errors.

I usually sit out in the parking lot where I work in Commerce City and watch as different planes fly overhead. Were located just south of one of the major east/west flight patterns and probably 20 miles southwest of DIA. I immediately noticed a lack of aircraft when I went outside at 5PM as obviously, its in the middle of rush hour. About 5 minutes later, I noticed the object and it didn't appear to be moving at all. The object was 40,000 feet or higher; maybe a lot higher and it was stationery. From our location, it looked like it was maybe above Buckley Air Natl. Guard base. When I saw it, I immediately walked over to a car where a co-employee was taking a break. I pointed out the object to him though it took awhile for him to see it as it was very small and pretty far away. After about a minute, he saw the object too. We both watched it for about 3 minutes and then I walked away to around the corner of our building where I had noticed a couple of other co-employees as our break began. They werent there but the object was still up there. I joined my other co-employee and we watched it for a couple of more minutes but had to go back into work. I did not see it leave, but as I looked down towards the ground to keep from tripping as I was walking back in and then looked back up and it was gone. My co-employee didn't see it leave either and stated hed never seen anything like that. As we watched, at least 3 clouds passed by. The object disappeared behind the clouds but it could be immediately seen again after cloud passed by and in fact, one of the clouds was less dense than the others and we could see the object right through it. Again, very, very few aircaft visible across the entire east metro area that we could see and didn't see any military aircraft in the area though its still pretty far from where we work. I have no idea what it was, but it wasnt natural and Ive never seen anything like it. Im totally fascinated by the possibilities of UFOs having always wanted to see something since I was about 6 years old living in Pueblo when I saw something very close to what I saw yesterday only the object was shining. This object again, was small, white (not glossy or shining)and was stationary the whole time. I don't believe it was a star or a planet.
