{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-03-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483309","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76607","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4123,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/309/mufon-5483309.json","updb_database_id":5483309}
{jpg} Orange lights observed much closer than expected.

I was driving home from work around midnight, and I heard on the radio that a lot of people were reporting to local media that a large object was seen over the east coast region and was determined to be a bolide (meteor). I was interested in astronomy and was intrigued by this but didn't give it much thought at the time.

I had been on the highway near my home and got off the next exit and as I was going under an underpass, I noticed my car engine cut-out for just a split second as I was accelerating. I noticed this because my car had never done anything like this before.

As I proceeded westbound on the road near my house I noticed a formation of orange lights in the distance ahead over the treetops, I would estimate at the time about 1-1.5 miles distant. At first, I surmised it was from the lights of the local TV station tower due to the formation I observed, but quickly realized the direction was wrong.

On a whim, I decided to continue past the turn-off to my neighborhood on the right and continue West just to get a closer look at these lights. Even back then, (I was about 18 and I had read a few UFO books like 'Interrupted Journey' and 'Incident at Exeter') so I checked my watch for the time.

Well, as I left the populated area and headed out into what was then farmland I looked up and over the field near the road I realized the lights were RIGHT THERE over my car (at about 70 degrees elevation) and much closer than I expected. Also, I observed that they had been moving slowly to the South, they now appeared to be hovering over a freshly plowed field at 500-1000 feet altitude.

This formation was a trapezoidal configuration with two objects in the front and two others following slightly farther apart in the rear, (all were orange). I panicked and made a sharp right turn at the intersection under the objects and floored my car down the road (I'm still kicking myself for bugging-out so quick).

As I fled the scene, I looked over my shoulder to the left, or maybe in my rear-view mirror and I distinctly saw the four objects had come closer together and were descending rapidly towards the ground. That was the last I saw of them, but it is not the end of the story.

I drove down some back roads planning to head home and was struck by the fact that there were no other cars on any of the roads on which I was driving. I had been totally alone even though it was a Friday night and traffic should have been heavier.

After I got home, I was scared and told my father and brother what I had seen, but my brother said it was probably just a bunch of helicopters.

Later, my family got a phone call from my aunt saying my grandmother had been admitted to the hospital and she passed away about two weeks later, (strange coincidence).

Anyway, the very next day I was standing in line at the local fast-food restaurant, and I saw a girl I knew there. So, I asked her if she had seen anything unusual the night before? Her eyes bugged out and she said, “Did you see those four orange lights too?". I said I did, and she told me that she and her friends had been at the local Drive-In movie theater nearby when the lights passed overhead. And "Everybody stopped watching the movie and got out of their cars to look at what they were".

So, I at least had some validation of my sighting. I also dragged my brother and a friend out to the spot to look for landing traces in the freshly plowed fields, but there were none.
