{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-09 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517309","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40711","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5168,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/309/mufon-5517309.json","updb_database_id":5517309}
(gs) Dark Rectangle with glowing lights travels LOW and SLOW

I was on my way home from work, driving on 202, heading into Doylestown. It was about 9:15pm. As I was driving into town I noticed a bright glowing light, high up above the center of town, and thought it was just a bright star or planet (it was that high). Then it was pulsating a slow and steady glow, and I knew immediately that wasnt a star. I thought it was hovering a little but wasnt sure because I was in my car and moving and thought maybe the movement of my car was making it appear to be moving, you know? 

Well, a few seconds later I lose sight of it, and see an aircraft very low over the town (and actually it passes over my house!!!!). It was going in the opposite direction that I was going (so Im going into town, and it is going in the direction out of town). I passed it, it was to my right and slowing travelling across the street and over the parking lot of CB West Highschool.... and it was HUGE. I was really looking at it like what kind of plane flies that low and why?? Well I look more and notice there are NO WINGS on it!! I freaked. I kept saying "What the f**k is that?!" over and over again. 

It was flying about treetop height, was about 3/4 the size of a highschool football field, and was in the shape of a rectangle. It had two rows of glowing lights underneath it, each row had about 8 lights or so.. maybe more. All white with the exception of two or three, which were red and one light was green. I parked my car and ran out to see it but it had travelled pretty far by that point, and all I could see was the back of it?? Like it had taillights or something..... all I could see at that point was a red rectangle of lights. It was heading in the direction of Montgomeryville. 

And this sounds absolutely cliche but OF COURSE I didn't have a camera.... and my phone was broken and inoperable (i thought my iphone had water damage from days before because it just was NOT working.... but then today - july 11th - it magically starts working again). AND my boyfriend had left on a trip for four days so I couldnt even grab him and make him come outside to see when I got home. There were, however cars driving behind me and in front of me, heading into town. So I am curious if they saw any of this as well. When I parked my car I looked at the person driving behind me and they were just looking straight ahead, so I don't think they noticed anything.... but how could you NOT notice it!! First of all, the glowing light star thing was RIGHT in front of you in your peripheral vision when driving straight into town.... and when I saw the craft to the right of me, while passing CB West Highschool, there are NO trees around the parking lot, so the view was pretty open.

I would also like to note that about six months ago, I saw that bright glowing light around the same time (9pm ish) while driving back into doylestown one night. I thought it was a bright star and kept looking for it, but eventually trees blocked my view and I couldnt see it anymore at all. When the view was open again I couldnt find it. I thought it was really odd, gotta little weirded out, and then just moved on with my life haha. 

Some of my friends are suggesting that maybe it was just a "drone" since it had no wings.... but there was no open area for there to be those horizontal propellors.... the whole bottom was just lights. So I really don't think it was that.

Also, now that I am thinking about it more... that bright glowing light was so far away and high up in the sky to the point where you could have mistaken it for a star. And then a FEW SECONDS LATER, it was to my RIGHT and UP CLOSE!! Did it zoom over there? Or was there a second UFO?? And why did it slow down right there? As it travelled away towards Montgomeryville it was travelling at a fairly slow speed, so I don't know. 

It definitely freaked me out and my anxiety has been through the roof since then (Hasnt helped not having a working phone for the two days after and living in an apartment alone since the bf is away on vacation). Ive been afraid to go to bed especially knowing that it travelled slowly over my apartment as well (my house is literally two houses away from CB West Highschool). 

I would also like to note that I do NOT do drugs (prescribed OR illegal) and I RARELY drink at all (literally two-five drinks a MONTH). 

I drew a picture of what it looked like. It is attached.
