{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504309","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54584","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3174,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/309/mufon-5504309.json","updb_database_id":5504309}
Objects consisted of triangular pattern of bright white lights flying with the single point in front flanked to the rear by the remaining two lights.

Roger Marsh, MUFON Communications Director, has filed this report for the witness. The full report is contained in a MS Word document and will be attached here. I am in touch with the witness and he has provided to me his DD214 to show he was actually in the military. Below is a piece of the report:

This sighting took place 45 years ago. The event including personnel in CIC (oncoming and offgoing shifts) the Bridge (oncoming and offgoing shifts), the Captain and Radio officer for a total of perhaps 20 people. No debriefing provided. In July 1969 I pulled my first Ocean Station Victor patrol. It was during this patrol that Apollo 11 took place. The weather (I cannot remember the actual date) was clear and mild. There was no cloud cover and weather and sea conditions were perfect and comfortable. The sighting took place during shift change (I was on the ongoing shift so the time was approximately 23:45 (11:45PM). The shifts consisted of 1 OOD, 1 QMOC, and 4 other bridge watch standers. The off-going shift consisted of the same. Also on the bridge was the skipper (senior Captain - O6) in the Coast Guard - Master Mariner. while going through the correct procedures for assuming shift responsibilities the bridge was "squawked" by CIC (Combat Information Center) by our air search radar operator who reported that there were "targets" closing on the ship and that there were 3 targets approaching out of the Northeasterly direction and a course heading of Southwest. Speed was reported incredulously as being approximately 3500 mph. Having been given the vector, everyone on the bridge ran out to the Starboard bridge wing (ship had a heading of roughly north) which put that wing facing the oncoming targets coming out of the Northeast. The targets were picked up roughly on the horizon and viewed as they flew directly over the ship during which time most of the personnel on the bridge headed through the bridge to the Port in order to see the targets (3 bright white lights) disappear on the horizon. Because of the height of the bridge wings (44' above the waterline) by using some spherical trig, the speed was able to be determined (3200 mph), again radar had it at 3500 mph). After the sighting, it was determined that a sitrep be submitted via protocol which was done by the ships Radio Officer (Mr. Curry). The report after being duly completed was sent to the radio shack where it was I assume encrypted and transmitted.
