{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-19 20:56:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482309","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77656","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2932,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/309/mufon-5482309.json","updb_database_id":5482309}
Very VERY, bright orb in the sky

I was out visiting my grandmother for the night. and me, being a photographer, went down to the beach. See, she lives close to the water so it isn't a hassle to get down there or anything. 
Anyway, I started off taking a few test shots of the island across the way, trying to get it just right for night shots. Not long after, me being in my haste had forgotten the memory card back up at the house. But i still had 10 shots in my memory banks, so i figured i'd use them first. So i did, i used all 10, then started making my way back towards the stairs that lead back onto the road. That's when, out of the corner of my eye, I spot a blinding light. It scared the crap out of me, i jumped, and looked toward it. I couldn't look straight at it because it was so blinding but after a short moment it wasn't as bright anymore, i could actually look at it now. At this late at night there's is no sun at that time of year. and it made night turn to day for those few seconds that it was bright. After it was still quite bright, enough to sparkle against the water anad lighten the evening, but not enough to really have anyone who hadn't already seen it to take notice. now, in my quick thinking i started going through my pictures deleting what i could, trying to save the good ones. i deleted two, but i wanted a shot, i just wanted a picture of it soo bad, i hadn't even though about what it could be at this point. So i plopped the camera down on a ledge, and set it to night capture, and snapped this quick photo before it vanished into thin air. the night darkened and i made my way back. For some reason i felt disturbed by the light and decided to stay in for the evening. it wasn't until my grandfather had spotted the photo that he considered it a ufo. and it's taken him 2 months to convince me to fill out this application. hopefully you fine people can figure out what the hell i saw that night.

i must also apologise for my shaky photography
i would also like to add that this object was completely still, and that i do not believe in extra terrestrials in terms of this situation
