{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-06-14 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472309","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88117","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3068,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/309/mufon-5472309.json","updb_database_id":5472309}
{cak} two wobbly orbs of light, one followed the other moving towards the southeast and disappeared

My roommate Brooke and I were on my porch having a cigarette at the end of the night before turning in for bed. We were talking, i was turned towards her and she was looking off to my left, directly in front of the porch up above the treetops. Her eyes were so big and the look on her face actually made me stop talking and ask, are you okay? She didn't even look at me, she just asked, dude what are those? "those" like objects, not just stars or a plane or a shuttle. I felt my stomach drop as soon as she said it, and whipped my head around to look ahead of my. I saw two lights that reminded me of the northern star,very bright. But i instantly got goosebumps.

Now, Brooke is afraid of aliens, dare i say a phobia. I wanted to remain calm. At this point we had grabbed onto each others hands, communicating silently, just watching these slightly wavering orbs that seemed so like a star. Its like looking into a well and being dizzied by the depth that you cant see - my eyes wanted to believe they were very far away, but they seemed to be in the not so distant sky.

The two hovered, the right slightly above the left, for almost a minute. Then, like a mother goose and her babies, the higher one made a swooping turn going first straight up and gliding left as the the other orb caught up to it. I got a terrible shock just then, almost like someone had socked me in the gut. It felt so wrong, so unnatural, like it wasn't possible. I squeezed brooke hand as her nails dug into mine, both still silently supporting each other as they moved.

they finished their arc, not moving what seemed all that far, and stopped as they "fizzled away" almost like a puff of smoke disappearing. No trailing arms, just less and less until it was gone, a matter of a second. 

I immediately said "we just saw two F*cking UFO's!" And her reply was "NO! This is not okay!" and i helped her up as she was struggling to run inside. Inside i held her for a minute and realized we were both crying, breathing incredibly rapidly, and shaking terribly. The hair was standing on my entire body, and even my dog couldn't stop grunting under her breath because she could tell something was wrong outside. 

We've both felt very spiritually sensitive all of our lives, but i believe that we both have felt changes since that day, and a tone of wariness. I wish i had an explanation.
