{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-07-12 14:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527309","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28322","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3970,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/309/mufon-5527309.json","updb_database_id":5527309}
Orange ball moving very slowly at low altitude.

I was 13/14 years old, my friend and I were behind my house when we saw a bright orange ball moving very slowly almost hovering, moving at less that 10 miles an hour and around 100 metres away from us. It was no more than 45 feet from the ground, we estimate the distance and height from the height and location of the buildings and trees in the immediate area of the object. The bright orange ball was approximately 4 or 5 feet in diameter and was seemingly moving just above some trees which were in the area, it dipped below the tree line where we knew there was a patch of spare ground and rose again above the trees as it exited the spare ground, it was now about the same height as the surrounding houses which were buildings consisting of ground floor and 1st floor only so judging by the height of the flight path looked as though it was happy to be just above the buildings and trees as if it were observing the area at close hand. Because it was moving so slowly we were able to watch it for around two minutes, certainly no longer than that. It began to move towards us and we panicked and ran some 30 metres to my house where we went inside and looked out of my bedroom window but we could not see the object. We went back outside but the object was gone. That was 43 years ago.
I very rarely see my friend now except at weddings and funerals and very recently I was at a funeral and my friend was there. We started talking about our childhood along with other friends recalling memories and I said to my friend, "Tell me if you can remeber this incident..." and without letting me complete the sentence I was about to say, he said, "I know what you're going to say, you're going to ask if I remember the day we saw the bright orange ball hovering in the sky aren't you"? So that prompted both of us to relate the story to the rest of the group. Personally I was pleased he had remembered the sighting. Around the same time (1967) I was also with a group of friends and we were lying on a patch of grass staring up at the sky on a very clear night. It was probably around September/October and it was in the evening, it was dark and not cloudy. We were looking for shooting stars. One of my friends pointed up at what looked like a star (small white light) moving across the sky and almost simultaneously another friend pointed out that there was another very similar object moving in from the other direction. They were travelling towards each other. In the space of about 2 or 3 minutes we watched both of these objects get nearer each other and to our amazement they collided and we witnessed what looked like a small explosion in space. Given the height of these objects it could have been a huge explosion but we were on earth (obviously) and these things were up the stars. I've often wondered if these were earth based objects like satellites that had collided or something similar or if it was indeed extraterrestrial objects colliding, maybe there's a record of objects which were launched from Earth crashing in space, I don't know if there is but I don't recall anything ever in the media related to objects in space colliding, that originated from Earth. I hope you've found this interesting and for your information I'm a 58 year old Senior Lecturer in a college in Glasgow and not some nutcase wasting your time.
