{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-19 16:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515309","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42854","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3040,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/309/mufon-5515309.json","updb_database_id":5515309}
{nd} Edge to edge rimmed saucers with dome on top

Wed Sept. 19, 2012 4:10 PM EDST

Location Far North Western Fairfield Co. Ohio near intersection of Rt. I-70 and S Rt. 256. Observation would maybe have been of something in far Eastern Franklin Co. Could not be more specific. Bushnell 10X50 self focusing binocular used. Weather calm, sky cloudless blue-gray.

Waiting for my malware checker to do a complete scan of my computer. Sat down with above binocular to observe the Western sky for planes incoming to Port Columbus. Planes fly over my neighborhood before turning 180 degrees to approach the airport. Interesting things to see while waiting for airplanes. Saw two humming birds pause in my field of view, not visible without the binocular. Saw two large black goose feathers floating slowly down from very high up. Starting to realize there are many things that one never sees with the eyes alone when looking to the sky.

Observed what appeared to be a small crumpled sheet of clear slightly tumbling cellophane suddenly appear in my basketball sized field of vision. Thought first it might be a kite or a piece of trash carried by the wind. Then realized there was very little breeze. Not enough to fly a kite or pick up a sheet of cellophane. Then the odd stuff happened. The transparent cellophane sky area started getting smaller and at the same time an object appeared to grow out of it. I’m somewhat embarrassed to say it had the exact appearance of two small dinner plates connected at their rim with a rounded dome on top. My first thoughts were that is definitely not some kid’s kite. It appeared to change its angle with the ground slightly and head West. At least it got smaller as the seconds ticked by. It would be impossible to say it was moving West or truly getting smaller. In any event it suddenly vanished. This entire event took no more than 5 seconds. The object shrunk from about the size of an aspirin tablet held at arms length to that of a baby aspirin before it vanished. I had no time to even consider a photo, having just enough time to remark to my wife that she wouldn’t believe what I just saw. The show was then over. I watched for about ten or so more minutes but saw nothing more of an unusual nature. Once again, I wish to remain anonymous. I am not a member of the aluminum hat brigade.
