{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492309","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67239","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3481,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/309/mufon-5492309.json","updb_database_id":5492309}
{rjl} Bright light in sky like lightning but traveling. It zoomed left and right until it hovered near me.

I went to my backyard to play with three baby chickens before going to school, middle school. My parents purchased the animals to please me since we just moved from Chicago. I awoke extra early. As I held the three chicks, a flash of silver in the sky, to my left, caught my eye. 

Then the light zigzagged to the right, then left and finally, to the right and paused just slightly above me. The top and bottom spun left but the center spun right. The center has shiny black windows. The aircraft tilted and zoomed in even closer. Shocked I didn't move or breathed. I remember praying. At that moment I knew what I was looking at. The space ship hummed and the dark windows cleared. I saw people, not many. I felt like they spotted me All alone and came to see what I was doing.

I remember having two conversations. One, I was praying and the second, I was explaining what I was doing and why I didn't like moving to Miami. I couldn't understand how I was having two conversations. The back of my mind unlocked with pictures. It's going to be okay, said a voice. Then the windows smoked, the ship straightened, hummed louder and whoosh, zoomed right behind the trees and then left...back where it came from leaving a trail of light. 

Several months later, in the early morning, my cousin took his mom to work. They lived with us. Well, they saw a creature with no hair, big black eyes and no clothes with long dangling arms just hovering above the street. They swirled to avoid hitting it. I think they hit a mailbox but the point is, it returned, this alien was seen a few houses down from mine. 

Years later, teaching the real estate law class, we were discussing paranormal encounters and disclosures when a student who lived in Venezuela said he saw a space ship come up from the water late at night while he worked in a hotel. He described the same ship and windows and how it unsmoked and cleared. But he got a better view of them. I had the sun in my eyes. He said the day after an earthquake hit chile.

Then, years later, while showing a house, I walked into the bedroom and wham, the walls and ceilings were covered in newspaper clippings of ufo's. The ceiling was space with orbiting planets. The aunt apologized. Said her grandson is fixated ever since spotting them. But on the wall was a clipping with a sketch of an alien seen in Miami during heavy fog and it matched the description of my aunt and cousin's encounter. I have not seen anymore ufo's since.....but, is it possible they can walk through walls? 
This is my story...
I have no proof but I am positive it can be verified.
I believe in them because I know what I saw, felt and heard.
We are in no way prepared for this. In my humble opinion, you cannot negotiate with a higher mind and a superior race.
