{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468309","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92269","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4482,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/309/mufon-5468309.json","updb_database_id":5468309}
I observe them on a regular bases for years and have gathered a lot of knowledge

I live in the bush basically and a major river is located behind my home. I1ve lived here for 25 years. I have been watching them for years and their interest is in the water. I don1t know if it1s the water itself or something in it or under it but it1s water they are after or interested in. We have a private road behind my house that goes right the the rivers edge. I1ve seen them come out of no where and descend down over the water and I have drove down to the river only to find nothing. So let me tell you what I know as absolute fact. 
These guys can and do cloak. One night at 3 am I was watching the sky from my second floor bedroom window. I had been watching the sky for several hours and was about to go lay down when movement caught my eye and I had to do a double take at what I was seeing. What I was looking at all night and assumed were stars started to move. Triangle shaped,one light at the top and two lights at the bottom in each corner. It was super low and started ever so slowly to follow the river towards the east. I grabbed my binoculars and was blown away. You know in the summer on a super hot day how you can see heat waves rising from the hot pavement?Thats what it looked like inside the triangle and you could see the stars through it on the other side. I watched it slowly follow the river until it was out of my view. 
 Another time watching from my window I see over the river this thing with lights appear from absolutely no where. No sooner said than done it started to descend down and as it was descending I grabbed my binoculars and I could clearly see it was saucer shaped with a dome on top. I could see the lights inside and the shape of a couple of occupants. I then jumped in my vehicle and went down to the river. Nothing!! I1m am positive they are going under the water or cloaking once landed. 
 One year a ship showed up in the sky that looked like the Death Star in Star Wars. It had a bit out of the bottom of it and small ships were going in and out of it. You could see it with the naked eye and others were here that night and we all stood there watching. It was here for a few days in a row and I1ve not seen it since. 
 I also know that they are masters of deception. I bought a strong spot light and learned a bit of Morse code to try to communicate with them. When you look up at them it appears that they are miles above the earth and look like a star to some degree. I flashed this one particular one one night and all of a sudden a whole bunch of lights came on and it started moving towards me. When it went slowly over the top of me I could with my binoculars see the underside of the ship. It wasn1t 10,000 miles away like star at all, they just make you think that but in reality they are right here and could land in a minute if they chose to. Again other people were here to bare witness to this and I have had people become absolutely terrified and went in the house.
  There is much much more I could tell you and I only wish I had the proper equipment as I could produce some photos that would blow your mind. I don1t know why they have chosen this area other than to say it1s isolated with only three people living in the area including myself. I know there is 5 or 6 different types of ships that come here. I1m pretty sure they are taking something from here with them. I know they don1t like our Canadian winters so they don1t come around until spring. Can1t get through the ice and into the water ? I don1t know, but they don1t come in the winter. Late fall around hunting season it1s a frenzy. Lots a activity like they are trying to get as much done as they can before the snow flies and they have to leave.
