{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-09-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467246","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93424","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2636,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/246/mufon-5467246.json","updb_database_id":5467246}
{td} This was a mothership: Translucent, self illuminated Tube with a half circle head on leading edge

Hurricane IRMA passed through the Florida Keys 7 months ago.. My home there was ground zero. Devastation everywhere. I sat on my front deck about 10pm facing North toward the gulf of mexico drinking a beer wondering how the hell I'm going to recover from this storm when suddenly I see a light out in the gulf. Initially it looked like a blimp lit up from the inside. It started to get bigger and I realized it was coming toward me, as it got closer, I quickly realized this is not a blimp. OMG its a spaceship. A football field size TUBE with a half circle head on the leading edge. It's low maybe 1000 ft up, self illuminated, coming straight for me. It's covered in a thin layer of cloud. Which is rolling off the leading edge as it moves forward.. It comes right over.. I see a light in the half circle head. I think it was an energy source. It looks translucent but its not. Like chromatophores. It's coming to me at about 40 mph. ZERO sound. It flies into a single small cloud just above my home and doesn't emerge. This was a mothership, Later that night I went to sleep but woke with a splitting headache at 4:15am and from a very strange dream. I never get headaches. I get out of bed remembering the ship. I walk over to my french doors facing the gulf and look up. There's bright white light 50 ft up, just blinking. I freak the hell out, run to get my contacts in. I bolt outside and it's gone.. The next two nights I stand on my upper deck mentally ask them to come back. Each night a low flying V shaped craft (with no lights), looked like a v shaped boomerang flew over. I've had one session with a contactee psychic. She told me I was not abducted but instead Chipped. Supposedly its a chip for communicating. Which was why they came back the following two nights at my request. I am a retired engineer, this happened.
