{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504246","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54650","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4104,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/246/mufon-5504246.json","updb_database_id":5504246}
{cak} Saw triangle shaped unidentified object (1 red light in middle & 2 flahing white lights on sides) flying slower and lower than commercial plane headed south

I was driving back to my mom's house after watching a show at my friends house that ended at 11:30pm. I was driving down 100 S. and I saw an object in the sky that was stationary like a star, but it twinkled more intense with a orangish/yellow/red/white pulsating look... I had seen this same 'star' a few months before and asked my sister and mom what it was... My mom said it looked like an airplane but then realized it had to be a planet since it was stationary yet bigger than a star. I didn't think much of it driving home but I decided to be daring. As I pulled into my mom's deive-way I stopped diagonally half way in her deiveway half way in the road facing my headlights directly toward the object in the sky and I flashed my brights twice... Right after the second time flashing my brights, the object disapeared and seemed to turn into a very small object (like a small plane) and slowly flew away... It canged from a planet like changing color orb to an aircraft 4 times smaller that had a faint blinking red light. I was scared so I went to call my mom but my phone died after the first ring... So I quickly ran into my house to wait for my mom to get home.

 My mom arrived at the house around 11:50 PM and I invited her to look out of the back french doors to see if the planet like object would show up again... The night sky was clear of clouds but it did have an occasional plane flying normal routes above. About 30 seconds after looking out of the back doors we both witnessed a HUGE triangle shaped aircraft that flew directly over our house. We watched in shock scrambling to try to get our phones/cameras to take a picture. I got an iphone video but you can't even see the moon better yet a flying object. The object was at least as big as a large commercial aircraft, maybe a lot bigger depending on how low it actually was flying. It was flying around half the speed of a commercial aircraft and it was flying extremely low compared to all of the other planes/ helicopters I've seen. I saw a perfect view of the undercarraige of the triangle craft. The craft color blended in with the dark black night sky. It had a red (non -flashing) light in the middle or front bottom of the craft... With white pulsating/flashing lights on the two back corners of the triangle. The white lights were flashing or pulsating slightly out of sync but they kept blinking in a steady pattern. And it seemed to have really really small pinpoint like white lights outlining the craft making it obvious that it was a triangle and not a cigar shape with two wings like an airplane. It flew directly from North to South and it dissapeared aroud 2-3 minutes later into the treeline.

We were both kind of shocked and confused after the event. I felt pretty scared, but I did get a jolt of energy throughout the event. Then after the event I sat on my couch from 12:00 to 3:00 AM staring out of the doors to make sure I couldn't catch a video of it. (& I was too afraid to sleep) haha... If I wasn't with my mom I probably would have left her house to sleep at a friend's house. Let's just say I didn't sleep at all last night...& I can't wait to go back to college in the city of Muncie... Being out here in this corn reminds me of the movie signs.
