{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499246","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59894","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2494,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/246/mufon-5499246.json","updb_database_id":5499246}
{cak} Unidentified flying object seen nearby 2 planes that were overhead

1. Where I was? I was on a break.
2. I noticed the object when looking up at 2 planes flying overhead, both going different directions and on different levels in the sky. I noticed the ufo nearby the two planes and moving in a straight path, extremely slow, away from the planes. The reflective surface is what caught my attention.
3. I didnt know what the object was at first. First thought was 3 different planes in the same general area, different levels?
4. The object was reflective surface, possible round or round but flat? Or an aspirin on its side, but tiny. The object was in the vicinity of sky that the two planes were in. Maybe not same level, but same visual area. The object moved very slowly away from the planes and the planes kept on their usual route and eventually went out of sight. After the planes were gone, the object just seemed to hover up in the sky and sit there. Approximately 5 minutes. I went inside to get my phone and came back outside and the object was gone. I scanned the sky to see if I could find it and there it was, in another part of the sky, further away. I looked down trying to set up camera in my phone and when I looked up again, the object was gone again. I finished up my break, eyes glancing over the horizon, saw another plane, this plane was black or dark color and watched it fly its route and suddenly appeared the reflective ufo above this plane and when the plane was a little further past the ufo, the ufo disappeared again. This time in front of my eyes. It just "blinked" out. One minute it was there, the next it wasnt. 
5. My feelings, reactions, actions during and after sighting were mild excitement, nothing extreme.
6. Lost sight of this object more than once. The last time I visually saw it leave. It just disappeared. blinked out? Shut off? Went invisible?
