{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-08 23:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526246","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29451","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2474,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/246/mufon-5526246.json","updb_database_id":5526246}
Star like lights flying over the Grosse Pointe Woods area in Michigan.

I was hanging out at a friends house and we decided to star gaze for the night since it was a beautiful day and clear night. It didn't take long for the first ufo to fly over. From my perspective I saw what first looked like a star moving slowly across the sky. I automatically knew that it couldnt be a plane because first, it was high enough to be thought as a star second, it didn't make any sound and it disappeared right after it cross over me. Man made object usually have flashing lights, this didn't, it was just a glowing light moving very swift through the night sky. After that first sighting, I didn't take my eye off the sky for a spit second. As minutes went by I began to see more of these star like objects crossing the night sky one by one about every 20 minutes. One in particular was crossing the sky in a swirl zig zag way, like the way a snake moves on the ground. After about a hour's past, I have seen a total of 6 unidentified objects. That really amazes me because this is my 3 ufo sighting in the past 3 weeks for me and I have never seen any before so. One that completely blew me away was a week ago when me and a buddy were laying on a trampoline star gazing and we both saw a object that looked like a moving star due to how far away it seemed. It was moving at a very slow rate to a complete stop when it then turned into a huge blue flash and it was gone. Something that gets me is that tonight, each time I lost sight of the ufo it was a few seconds each time one would pass. As if it was flying so fast in space, I only got quick glimpses of them. I don't know how to explain what I have me seeing in the night skies lately but I hope its a sign that change is coming somehow and they can finally reveal themselves to our planet with open arms. Thats all i have to say.
