{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501246","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57818","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2864,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/246/mufon-5501246.json","updb_database_id":5501246}
{nd} Pulsating orange then green light, after 4th July fireworks in Poughkeepsie

I attended the 2014 July 4th fireworks extravaganza in Poughkeepsie NY with seven close friends. Just as the display began I remarked to one of them, "July 4th has historically been a good time to sight UFO's -- late at night, after the displays are over, in the form of dull, luminous orange spheres, alone or in groups. Reporting sites were swamped by such reports in previous years. I saw some myself, once." Indeed I did on July 5 2010, but that is another story. 

Anyway we were seated by the Hudson River, just south of the Poughkeepsie train station, at the playground with the "whale" or sea-monster sculpture. There were hundreds of people present. A minute or so after the fireworks were completed, I spotted a steady orange light over the Highland (Ulster County) span of the Route 44-55 toll bridge. After a few seconds it began to blink, then after a couple of seconds, it blinked alternately yellow-orange, then green. Then the light, which appeared to be just above and slightly north of the westerly suspension column, appeared to move towards us and then to the northeast. 

I pointed it out to my friend and said, "What did I tell you? Check this out. Definitely not a normal aircraft". My friend remarked that it seemed to dart left and right as it moved forward. We thought the apparent motion was odd and I commented it might have been a drone (though the change in colors of the beacon -- and the change from being non-pulsing orange to pulsing green -- struck me as "non-regulation" lighting"). 

All that was visible was a green globe, which could have been a beacon with a flashing light inside. The size and elevation of the craft was difficult to guage, but the shape of the light/beacon was definitely round or oblong. No craft outlines were visible nor was there any audible sound. The craft moved quickly over the Hudson, towards the northeast, and seemed to accelerate in spurts as it moved away from us. 

At least five of our party witnessed the object, and all agreed the lighting was not typical. My thought at the time was that it might have been a video-equipped drone or quad-copter of some sort, positioned to observe the fire works.
