{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-06 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469815","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90698","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5874,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/815/mufon-5469815.json","updb_database_id":5469815}
{cak} large ufo scanned with diamond patterned lights over treetops. Then small craft approached me, investigated me. Larger craft moved in front of me.

On March 6th 2018, at approximately 9:40pm, like every night at that time I took the dog out to use the potty before bed. By the time the dog was finished with its business, I was heading around the block. Instead of turning around and heading back to the house, I decided to continue around the block since it wasn't much further to head home at that point. It was a brisk evening. Both the Dog and I had on our jackets. There wasn't any wind so the walk wasn't uncomfortable. Although it was dark, it was a clear night. I remember thinking how quiet it was outside and how dark the neighborhood was. I did hear some sounds of some dogs barking from a house we had passed two houses back. At no time during the walk did I see anyone outside their homes and no cars were leaving or coming. The only signs of life were the lights on in the windows of various homes. As I turned onto the next block, facing the street I live on, I noticed bright, white lights above the treetops. The lights were slowly moving left. My first impression was that when I saw the lights, was that it might have been an aircraft turned sideways about to crash. However the lights stayed in a direct path, skimming above the treetops. As I got closer, I could make out that there were four lights on each corner in a diamond pattern. They looked like stadium lights. The lights coasted in a sweeping motion. My next thought is -- "I'm not surprised at why people think they witness UFOs in the sky." Never once thinking that it was something I wouldn't be able to explain. I was excited and interested in what I was seeing. Never did I feel any fear. I was just trying to figure out what I was looking at with my eyes. As I turned the corner, it turned, and it followed the wood-line along my street in the opposite direction I was walking. The trees were now denser and I thought I was about to loose sight of the object. I felt a little disappointment that I had not figured out what I was looking at. At this point I was about four houses down from my home. We have an international airport and an airforce base nearby. We always have a busy sky. 

The Dog and I were both calm while we were seeing this. As soon as I thought I was going to loose sight of the object, a smaller object swooped down and came right at me. I could tell that it was approximately the size of a medium-sized sedan. It had grid a pattern of shiny, silver metal paned glass on top. It had a dim light emanating from the inside. I could tell there was a figure inside. The head, neck and shoulders were of a larger proportion than a normal human shape. I felt like I could hear radio chatter from inside the craft, but I couldn't make out anything said. It was almost like a double-cockpit made out of glass panes and shiny, sliver metal inserts. The craft itself was silent. The way it maneuvered in a fluid like motion in such a small space was impressive to me. I remember feeling annoyed that government would test such a craft in my neighborhood, amongst houses with many people. I believe I looked up to my left to see where it had gone, when that diamond shaped pattern over the skyline side-swept and was instantly hovering vertically, above two houses directly in front of me. It was tall. It was at least a hundred feet tall. The sides of the object were hard to make out against the night sky. Almost like it camouflaged itself. The most impressive feature of this craft was vertical, towering windows like a cigar-shaped pillar that ran from top to bottom, in the center of the craft. It was made out the same, shiny silver and glass that I saw on the smaller object. I remember thinking to myself that Stephen Spielberg couldn't have done a better job. I was mesmerized. A beautiful, warm aura of light was emanating out from the windows. At no time did I feel scared. I was actually thinking that this was the most beautiful thing I had ever seen. I remember feeling Amazement, excitement, surprise. And then this larger craft made a very fast and extremely aggressive maneuver. It was too fast for my mind to process, heading in my direction. I then knew that I had to run as fast as I could to reach my house. I feared for my life. I felt like it was going to try capture me or run me over. I have never been so scared before. I barely made it past one house when I realized I wasn't going to make it in time and darted to my neighbor's yard, towards his front door. I was running behind the dog who took off ahead of me. I was in "fight or flight" mode and I chose flight. As it suddenly shot over my head, I could hear the roar. I didn't feel any breeze or air flow. I ran into my house as fast as I could after the dog, and slammed the door. I was out of breath and in a state of shock and disbelief. I heard the sound of the object one more time, shortly after, but I was too scared to look outside to see if it was still there. I wasn't able to sleep the whole night, I didn't discuss anything with my family until the following evening. 

I'm not surprised that there are these things out there, I'm just surprised it happened to me and where I live.
