{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-01-15 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470815","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89672","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2655,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/815/mufon-5470815.json","updb_database_id":5470815}
Sphere of light, zig-zagged up and down as it moved from East to SW in the forest.

My wife and I were sitting in our hot tub when she asked me if I saw the ball of light in the woods. I then looked to the east and spotted what she first saw. The ball of light was approximately 100 yards away from us as it started to move from left to right through the woods. As it moved, it zig-zagged up and down very sharply by about 10 to 15 feet. The light then disappeared to the east. Immediately after the light vanished, beams of light, like a spot light, began sweeping through the trees. The entire experience lasted approximately 15 minutes. I do know there is a gravel road on the other side of the woods about 1/4 mile from our back property. This road is used sparingly and I rode my ATV to look for vehicle tire tracks the next day but the road was undisturbed except for my ATV tire tracks that were quite visible. It did not rain overnight so the tracks could not have been washed away. I have lived at this residence for almost 8 years and have never seen this occur before. 

At first I thought it might have been car headlights but the way it was moving through the trees, zig-zagging up and down as it moved, I knew this was not going to be car headlights. My wife asked if it could have been someone with a lantern in the woods. I told her there was no way anyone could move that fast through the woods and the zig-zag up and down movement as it travelled was quite unusual. My wife was extremely scared as I could feel her shaking behind me. I was thinking that if they are here to abduct us, there isn't much I can do about it. So we sat there watching the beam of light move through the trees until it too disappeared. After about another 15 minutes or so of watching to see if it came back, we then went to bed.

I am retired Air Force, with over 5,000 flight hours and seen something like this sphere was I was approximately 14 years old in the Oregon Cascade mountains near the middle sister. Very strange to see it again almost 40 years later.
