{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-01-05 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492815","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66712","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3147,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/815/mufon-5492815.json","updb_database_id":5492815}
{dr}black triangle three red lights no sound

At the time I worked for a small pizza place and I delivered. There business hours for delivery were late til 3am, so I was on a delivery around 1am with my at the time girlfriend now wife(yes the pizza place allowed riders with us). I was on my way to a delivery (I must note that I've been delivering in this area for years and know it well) while heading east on Cranston Rd. just past some rail road tracks, when 3 red lights caught my eye north of me, i turned to my wife and said "oh look they added another cell tower hope it's my carrier" and went on to my delivery which was a block south of the "new tower". I got out of car went up to house and knocked, so while i was waiting I looked towards the "tower" and the three lights were in a different spot about fifty feet east of were I first saw them. The customer comes to door and I wanted to get the money fast and get out of there to see what those lights are, so i ran to car and tell wife "look those three lights moved" she said "i thought it was a tower" I say "thought it was, must be a helicopter" so I kept watching it from my car and headed north towards it above a school on Cranston Rd. I pull on to Craston to get closer,I got to where it was slightly at an angle above head just above the school across the street from me and I can see it was a black hovering triangle the three red lights that were solid at the ends of the triangle on the bottom of ufo. I told my wife" it's a UFO" she was looking at it not saying anything. It was cold out I had my windows up but decided I needed to hear if there were any sounds so I rolled it down and nothing, wasn't enough for me so I open my door and my wife said "no" I said "I got to know" so I got out and it moved to the right very slowly to a stop as I watched was looking for signs of anything that would be a normal airship, the it moved up ,then down,then left as if they knew i was looking for our technology, like they were saying hey look we move in impossible ways. no sound at all, moved in ways that seemed impossible.I stood there for about 3 mins watching it then it started heading south east so I jumped back in car and followed till it went behind a tree line I lost sight, then I see it zoom straight up so fast that it felt like a blink of an eye and gone. I'm reporting this now because I didn't know who to report it to til today. I saw your show on the history channel, and that's my UFO story. I will never forget it and would love to have more encounters
