{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-10-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464815","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95998","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2203,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/815/mufon-5464815.json","updb_database_id":5464815}
It was October 1978 and I worked the night shift at Alcoa at Pt Henry Corio Bay in Geelong Victoria. Our cab was followed by UFO

Was watching a documentary on the pilot who disappears over Bass Strait and immediately remembered my own encounter. It is as follows:

It was October 1978 and I worked the night shift at Alcoa at Pt Henry Corio Bay in Geelong Victoria. There were 5 of us that the company provided transport for. A cab would pick us up every work night and drop us home. On this particular night we were on our way home when suddenly the cabby1s radio started going crazy with static noise. The cabbie started craning forward looking up through the windscreen and then stuck his head outside the driver side window. He started frantically trying to radio back to base. The cab was lit up with this weird blue light and we started to freak out wondering what was going on. He stopped at the first house to drop off my workmate so we all took the opportunity to look to see what had the cabbie was so freaked out. I1ll never forget what we saw it was a diamond shaped craft...totally silent hovering over the cab. It had lights top and bottom and a ring of lights around the middle. It then proceeded to follow the cab and hover over each house as we were dropped off. The next night we were talking to the security guards at Alcoa and told them what had happened the night before, they told us they regularly saw strange craft buzzing the facility. I told friends and family about it but just got laughed at and made fun of so I never spoke of it again.

I remember we were all absolutely terrified by what we saw.
