{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-11 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287815","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115558","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3429,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/815/mufon-5287815.json","updb_database_id":5287815}
Bright Circular Object stationary that opened to a almost cross shape but much wider

I have never done anything like this before. I am 68 years of age, of sound mind, with a Masters Degree. On the night of August 11, 2020 was a starless night, no clouds, no stars, just pitch black. I was walking my dog in front of my home. In the distance I could see what could be considered aircrafts because I can see the flashing red or white lights like on a plane or helicopter. But facing South East from the front of my home, there was a large bright light. It was stationary, very bright, no flashing lights of any kind, just there.  This light or object had been there the night before, and the reason it captured my attention. What was this that for two nights has been just stationary over my home. I am no pilot but at least 300 or 400 ft just above my home. Again no clouds no stars, just a clear starless evening. 

I went back into my home and got my phone Iphone 8+ to take a picture of this stationary light that was not moving or doing anything as other objects from afar I saw flying by. Again, the others looked like regular planes or helicopters.  As I raised my phone to take the picture, the object started to emanate a brighter light brighter than when it was stationary. But it did not move. I took the first picture and then the second. I did not make any big deal about it until the next day.

I went back and looked at the pictures.  Because it was from my phone's camera, and digital I was able to enlarge the photo, and this is for the experts to decide if I am just going crazy or just an old fool. But when you enlarge the picture the first one there is a circular object within the white light, and when you see the second picture the circular object opened up like a large cross shape object. No lights flashing, just the white light was getting brighter and brighter.  Again, this is the first time I have done this for obvious reason, I did not want to seem like a fool. But when you examine the two photos you will clearly see Photo 1 there is a circular object there and photo 2 the circular object opens up to who knows what. This was not a commercial plane.  The next evening it was gone and I have not seen it again.  Doing research I found your organization.  You are the experts, and in advance I sincerely apologize if this is just my imagination, but I truly believe what I saw and the pictures will show that what I saw is there.  The pictures are not tampered with and this also through your organization can be examined.

Thank you.....(name removed to Investigators Report Section/cms/LLL)
