{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-06-30 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548815","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"8038","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2771,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/815/mufon-5548815.json","updb_database_id":5548815}
Strange flying object found in image, not seen at the time.

I live in the coastal city of Swansea, in south-west Wales, UK. At the far western edge of the city, on the coast, is an area known as the Mumbles. I visited this area on June 30th 2006, catching a bus which dropped me off on the road above a small cove called Limeslade, at approximately 16.45. I went there to take some photographs for my weblog. 

It was a beautiful, hot summer's day, and my plan had been to take some photos, grab an ice-cream from the nearby cafe, walk out to the coastal path, and then return, before following the coastal walk back to the nearest village, Oystermouth, to get a bus home. Strange as this sounds, I suddenly got the sense that I shouldn't venture out onto the isolated coastal path alone. That could have been just the natural caution of a woman out walking alone, admittedly. But as I stood overlooking Limeslade, taking my shots, I grew more and more uneasy, to the point where I felt quite desperate to leave the area. I blamed my discomfort on the heat of the day, and when the next bus arrived, around 17.15, I hopped aboard and returned to the city centre.

I thought no more of it, until I uploaded my pics onto my PC that evening. One of the shots showed a bizarre, airborne object, which seemed to be flying over the sea. I considered this may have just been an insect or airborne seed, close to the camera. However, it looks like a larger object some distance from the camera. The object looks like some kind of prehistoric creature - a pterydactyl or other such creature. I've attached my original shot, plus an enlarged, cropped section of the shot, showing the object. I don't know the precise time the pic was taken, but it was sometime between 16.45 and 17.10 on that day.

I'm hoping you can give me a rational explanation for this strange apparition - there probably is one, despite how I felt at the time the shot was taken. Many thanks for your time.
