{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-17 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500815","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58270","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2565,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/815/mufon-5500815.json","updb_database_id":5500815}
{rjl} Myself and another saw a UFO come out of Orion. Stopped , tilted then took off above us silently causing bats to go crazy. Airport denied anything being above my house.

Standing in my driveway showing my wife Jupiter and Venus.

My wife thought a planet was rising in the constellation of Orion.

She then thought a helicopter but it was too bright and too fast.

My wife and I went out to the driveway to observe Jupiter and Venus being as close as possible for the next 100 years. While looking at the planets my wife points to the left to Orion and says " hey look at that planet rising." I chuckled and she thought it might be a helicopter. I waited and heard nothing and told her there is no way it was a silent helicopter. The object appeared to be a redish orange colored light. It started to appear larger. Then moved towards the north then east straight at us. The light wears so bright, it was like the sun. It caused me to squint and look away a lot . Looked as though larger days of light were coming down. Then above chums corner about 100 feet in front of us and about 100 feet above us the object stops. Changes angel, as if to look at us with its light. I even tapped my wife and said " get ready, we're going up." It then returned to its original position and instantly was above the field next to my house. It sat in the sky about 500 feet for a good minute and then was gone...when it went over our heads the field in front of us had close to 200 bats in the air. While the object was 500 feet up it didn't look quite as bright and appeared to be triangular shaped with 2 ridges on each corner. I live in traverse city mi and the night of this incident was the last day of a crazy heat wave. 90 degrees for a week in march. We had warmer than Florida at that time. The next day I called the airport to see if anything flew over my house the night before around 10:45pm. They checked, said no and asked me what I saw. They hung up on me.
