{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-25 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460815","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100355","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3611,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/815/mufon-5460815.json","updb_database_id":5460815}
{rjl} Very bright and glowing. A red and green light on the bottom back of the craft that would come on and off and flash like a strobe.

On the evening of October 25-26 2016 between about just before midnight and through one a.m., I witnessed a bright craft flying in my side view mirror over a hill behind me, lighting up the ground underneath it. I assumed it was some sort of large drone or small aircraft with all of its lights on. I immediately turned the car around to face the vehicle towards the object and observed the craft bank towards me and the road we were on in Morristown, AZ. called Castle Hot Springs Rd. The craft proceeded to fly over the road at about a football field away from us. It made no sound and was so bright that it was hard to stare at, sort of like staring directly at a light bulb. It lit up the whole area underneath it like baseball field lights do to a baseball field. It had two lights on the back, one red and one green that would come on and off in odd patters and flash, sometimes like a strobe light. After the craft flew over the road I looked over to my wife and asked "what is that? I'm not the only one seeing this? Right?" and she said "I don't know. I have been seeing odd lights in the sky while sitting outside smoking." I asked " have you seen anything like that before?" she said " No, Never."
        I pulled the vehicle forward to see where the craft went and saw it fly approximately north towards the town of Wickenburg, lighting up the ground and picking up speed as it went. The craft never made any kind of sound whatsoever. It then took off into the sky and into some storm clouds towards the east. At some point there were two to three lights in the sky doing all sorts of maneuvers including going straight up some distance and then immediately right or left, spiral movements, and even from due north to due east in the blink of an eye. They could move so fast, my eye could hardly keep up with them. I have never seen anything go the speed of light but these craft had to be close to that because they could move so fast. We watched them for about an hour before going home and even tried to communicate with them at some point when they came closer again using a 500 lumens Lowe's flashlight and they seemed to be responding to Morse code, stopping while we flashed them, then moving or flashing after we finished. We were unable to get clear video of these craft.
        About two weeks later, we spotted three lights in the sky on or about November 21st. 2016. These lights were stationary and two of them flashed. See attached video but don't pay attention to the cars headlights reflecting off of the mailbox on the right. Pay attention to the three lights high up in the sky. It is possible they could have been flares but have never seen flares like this. We watched them for over half an hour and they did not ascend or descend.
