{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522815","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33197","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2923,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/815/mufon-5522815.json","updb_database_id":5522815}
North West of Atlanta, GA. Stationary orb, bright, changing colors, unk altitude

At approximately 0025 hours. (From Lat / Long moved to FI box) cms 11/07/11 17:57 cdt flg. On a bearing of approximately 143 degrees. Azimuth from the ground approximately 35 degrees.

While outside and looking to the South East from my location I observed - what I thought at first - was a bright star. I am nothing of an astronomer baring the usual locating the big dipper or venus/mars/moon/jupiter, etc. 

When I did a double take on the object, it appeared to be a star which seemed to be low on the horizon, and was changing colors every second from red, to blue, to green, and back to red. The object was brighter than any of the other stars out last night.

I used they google sky map app (which I use from time to time), pointed it at the object and to my surprise there were no stars in that vecinity. I did take some video with my Droid phone - but its the classic UFO video - I say that due to the fact that there was a tree branch near my view and the video camera on the phone kept autofocusing on the object, then the tree branch, then the object. 

But even with the bad video, one can still see the object and the the (slightly blurred sometimes) change of colors. It was cold last night, clear, etc. The object never moved from its location. I was at first curious - then thought it was just a plane, a helicopter, etc. But the more I looked at it - well, it just seemed real damn strange. 

I will be looking for it tonight to see if its still there, or if it was some other heavenly object that I just mistook for something strange.

Like previously mentioned - what caught my attention was that it was brighter than the average star that I am used to seeing at night, and upon closer scrutiny - it changed colors in a distinct pattern.

After viewing the object for approximately 15 minutes or so - I went to bed. I am not sure how long it was there for.

Sorry that I did not do more to investigate / look at it through binoculars, etc.

Hope someone else saw it - well, someone had to see it as it was between me and the city of Atlanta - which is located approximately 45 miles South East of me.

Good luck out there.

If the object is not back tonight, I may come back and upload the video.
