{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-15 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524815","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30992","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2603,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/815/mufon-5524815.json","updb_database_id":5524815}
Single craft and synchronized craft. watched for 2-1/2 hrs fly a supersonic speed then stop one at a time ( four in total ) synchronous

My fishing buddy and I left Phoenix and arrived at his fishing honey hole at 4:10 in the afternoon for night fishing. We both observed the following at around 9:30 that same night. The moon had just bridged the horizon in the east above the overcast eastern sky. I was a little disappointed it was so bright ( poor fishin ) a commercial jet was between us and the clouds apparently heading blue and white west. Still had his landing light on. Didn't get larger didn't get smaller. My buddy said " you know that light hasn't moved in a spell ". I am a kidder and tried to make light of it. I pointed behind us to the south and said " Not to worry aliens only attack from the south !" a joke..we both looked and sequentially one after another four in total came to a stop, went from blue and red flashing lights to a miniature sun burst. Left a circular mist, smoke, vapor and a red spherical light acompanied this white light not noticed before or after 1, then the second then the third and the fourth. This occurred thre times once in the south once in the east and once in the west the most spectacular. They were closer I could see it wasn't one light but four semetrically placed in the shape of a square flashing red only and the four lights split vertically into two groups of two one light above the other, bright white flash red ball next to it circular smoke. Gone . this went on periodically over 2-1/2 hours.
independent flights u- turns stationary positions lights on lights out.
No camera and I don't expect anyone reading this to give it any creedence.
I am 61 yrs old. I always wanted to see something but never in my life have I ever seen anything like that. I have witnessed something I have no answer for and I am a pilot. My neck was so sore from looking up in the sky. I will always wonder and never look at the sky in the same way again.
