{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-02-11 01:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518622","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38468","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3466,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/622/mufon-5518622.json","updb_database_id":5518622}
Rapid Decent UFO no observable landing.

I am guestimating the date about Feb 11/2010 I lost all the paper documentation in a truck fire. I have waited a long time but the facts are clear in my mind as though it were yesterday. I was going to Salt Lake City Utah heading west through Colorado with another truck driver. I was going to Salt Lake [Item Move/CMS/nd]. The exact date can be gotten from [Item Moved/CMS/nd] as the day I started and this happened the night before. We were heading west on I-70 around the New Castle/Rifle area. It was dark out and the sky was clear and I was talking to the driver that had given me a ride into Salt Lake so I could start my new job. I was looking at him and a bright green oval shaped object decended rapidly it was trailing a tail of fire that extended from the edges out to about 3 times its diameter. It appeared to look like it was black about 20 miles out and an almost neon green glow around the entire edge unbroken. It looked like the green you might see looking through night vision goggles or from a green calyume lightstick. The fire trail it was leaving was very close to the same color with slight variances. It came straight down and appeared to be larger than the mountains that were lit up by its glow. I was sure it would crash into the mountains but at the last minute it leveled out and went due south behind the mountains. I kept watching for an explosion to indicate that it had crashed. But the mountains obscured my view and there was no bright light to indicate a crash. I am assuming that it either kept going south or landed out of view. I was amazed because I had never seen or heard of anything like that in all the accounts I had ever heard. This is why I am posting here is to find out if anyone else has seen or heard tell of anything like it. I told the driver of the truck,"Did you see that?" He was almost white from shock and he said," NO, And you didn't either!" So, I assumed that he was extremely uncomfortable with the subject and I said no more of it except to my girlfriend several months later and my family a few weeks after when I got home to load up my gear to put on my truck. I have only seen two UFOs in my life with my own eyes. The one I related here and one in the Idaho Panhandle many years ago. I am pretty sure we don't have a craft that can dive as fast as this object did and then pull out at the last second and change direction. If anyone has seen anything like this I would really appreciate knowing. I had no camera or even a cell phone with a camera the morning this happened. So I only have the memory of seeing it. I am pretty sure the other driver would totally deny seeing it if anyone could get him to talk about it. I could draw the craft as I seen it to this day the instant it changed direction will be burned into my memory till the day I die.
