{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-06-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479622","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80463","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3496,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/622/mufon-5479622.json","updb_database_id":5479622}
{cak} Levitated to robot ship. Bur holes on wakeup. Unusual side effects.

I had been working for a long time on the quasar star properties. I fell asleap on the couch. I dreamed but was fully aware and I began to seem to float up like I was being levitated. I began to see a craft and was very slowely levitated toward it. It looked gold and had pipes and various things on the surface. It was very dusty like it had been in space a long time. I was in space not near the earths surface. The craft looked somewhat like the millinea falcon but was much smaller only about 3-5 feet thick and had an aperture like a camera about 3-4' in diameter. As I was floated near the ship the aperture opened and I was laid on a cold metal slab. The door shut and everything went black. I had no other memory of the event. I woke up the next morning late maybe about 10 oclock. I had a fever and felt like I was dead or very dry . After thinking about what had happened I noticed an itching on my right ribcage. I lifted up my shirt and found I had 7 burn holes on my ribs about a 2 inch circle like cigarette burns. The burns were perfectly symmetrical like 3 down and 5 across. It made scabs and the scars are now nearly healed but still can be seen.
After the encounter I felt as if I had been particaly replaced by something. I experienced high voltage in my body. I destroyed computers of my frien just walking into the room. I could do things like read minds and use esp and it really flipped out a lot of people. I no longer needed to use speech to communicate with anyone even people on TV and at any distance anywhere on Earth.
 There were roaring sounds around me. Like an earthquake happening. I twice took photos of a green globe about my house and also at my new apartment I have the photos. Each time I saw the lights an earthquake occurred within a few days.
 I began to see visions at night and sometimes could not sleep. I began to have living dreams as I lived other lives in color and as realistic as living in every way. I could not control or direct the episodes and it still goes on.
 The story is long. I only recently found out about mufon. There were no places that I could report to as far as I knew when the first encounter happened. I took a blood sample and it looked really weird. My girlfriend had normal blood but mine did not look like human blood. I have been a scientific type all my life and had a 99th percentile score in HS and made the top score ever recorded GATB for TVA Nuclear Division. Perhaps that's why the alien ship wanted me to study. I have not done well since it happened. Its like the alien changes me into different people. It make normal life nearly impossible but I get visions of mechanical engineering components one is a reactor that runs on water by high temp cracking nearly a nuclear reaction. On and on---- What do you think. It would make a great movie!
