{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-16 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510921","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47465","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4748,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/921/mufon-5510921.json","updb_database_id":5510921}
6-8 Aircrafts flying EXTREMELY low, making loud noise (compared to fleet of helicopters) flying parallel westbound with flashing lights

At around 9:15pm, my wife and I were watching some evening television before going to bed, when we suddenly heard a distinct noise coming from our open window. My wife asked, "What is that noise?" To which I replied thinking it was a street sweeper (We live near a suburb construction site where street sweepers clean up the debris left on the civilian roads). When we realized it was "not" a street sweeper, we went on our front porch, where the distinct sound was getting "louder." I told my wife I thought it was a helicopter, but could not see anything right away. 

Right at that moment, an object appeared approx. about a mile (terrible with distance; could've been closer/farther - it was dark out being 9:15pm at night)from where we were standing. We were also not the only witnesses, as at least 3-5 of my neighbours stepped out of their homes asking what the noise was. The object was flying EXTREMELY low; lower than an aircraft.....it was then followed by at least "6" other object similar in appearance, all heading in a parallel formation, coming from Northeast, headed Westbound towards Arnprior/Almonte, ON. When all of the object were clearly viewed, it sounded like a "fleet of helicopters" but clearly it was not helicopters.

The night sky made it very difficult to view the shape of the objects, but what was distinct was the multi-coloured blinking lights surrounding the objects as they flew by....the most distinct feature though was the "noise" I cannot stress how loud it was, and how it sounded like a fleet of helicopters.

I got on the phone with the local City/311 asking if there were any reports.....they gave me a number for the local police. The local police operator heard what I witnessed and put me on hold....they then returned saying "I am not crazy" and that there was a "Counter Terrorist Drill" being conducted by members of the RCMP and MP......funny how I don't recall the RCMP having access to aircrafts.....and why would they conduct the drill so late (9:15pm the event lasted about 5min.) and why in a residential area with (some) farmland? They did not appear to be "airplanes" nor "helicopters" and I also cannot stress how "low" they were flying.....and though I am a terible judge of distance, I will say they looked to be flying only about 1 mile above our houses.

Coincidentally, an earthquake occurred here today in Ottawa, ON where it originated west of here in Arnprior, ON (the direction the aircraft were flying). I recall when Japan, Chile and Haiti had their earthquakes occur from 09-10', there was active UFO sightings occurring before the Quake(s) hit.....the Quake registered about 4.8 on the Richter scale here in Ottawa....

I updated and inquired if anyone else heard/saw anything that night on my social networking outlets, and have received little-to-no feedback......Aside from my wife, and 4-5 neighbours who witnessed/heard this event, there has been nothing else to claim other than the slightly "fishy" report from the local police I received when I made the phone call.

I am not one to fabricate a story like this, as I am not an "avid" UFO believer (though I do not think we are "alone" in the Universe) but I can honestly say I have N-E-V-E-R encountered soemthing like this, and am looking for answers....

Again event occurrence:

Date: THUR MAY 16, 2013
Time: Approx. 9:15pm
Area: Kanata/Ottawa, ON Canada
Occurence: 6-8 aircrafts flying "extremely" low coming from NE headed Westbound towards Almonte/Arnprior, ON area. Noise was very distinct sounding like fleet of helicopters or a "train" with blinking flashing lights flying parralel. Shape could not be verified as the evening was very dark. Approx. street areas where the objects were flying - Huntmar/Palladium Dr. Kanata, ON & HWY 417 - Westbound.

This is not a joke, I have not seen anyhting like this and it was very bizarre, especially with the Earthquake occurring the following day almost "12hrs" after the initial occurence.
