{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-10-24 23:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530921","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24541","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3957,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/921/mufon-5530921.json","updb_database_id":5530921}
10 UFOs over Santa Rosa, California (six in a big dipper formation, four in a half circle).

I originally submitted this report to the National UFO Reporting Center on 10/26/2009, and it was posted on their online sightings database on 12/12/2009. I thought I would submit my story here, as well:

I had trouble falling asleep on Saturday, October 24, 2009, and so around 11:30 pm, I just started looking up at the stars outside my bedroom window like I do occasionally whenever I can1t sleep. This night was different however, because I immediately noticed bright lights in the sky in an arrangement similar to the big dipper. My window faces east, so I was looking that direction. This link video footage of exactly what I saw, with a few minor differences:

[link moved to additional evidence section/cms/tg]

Like the formation in the video, the formation I saw had only two objects forming the handle, except the formation I saw had the handle tilted diagonally upward. Also, the formation I saw was staying pretty much stationary, with the exception of one of the objects (the lower object in the dipper handle which was sort of swaying back and forth, not in a dramatic way but ever so slightly, and it was this that initialy caught my eye to look in that direction) and the only other difference is that the formation in the video seems to be more tightly packed in, and the formation I saw was a bit more spread out. All the objects I saw were dimming in and out, and the object that was swaying would occasionally flash a dark red.

A lot of things I witnessed are similar to the video like the altitude, the brightness and coloration, size, and of course, the formation itself. (Obviously, it was a lot darker outside during my sighting than the sighting in the video, but everything else is similar). Off to the right of the dipper formation, were four objects in no particular order or formation that slowly moved together to form a crescent shape or half circle. During this time, the dipper formation stayed in place, with all objects now dimming in and out. Eventually, the object at the bottom of the crescent began to flash wildly, first in it1s 1natural1 color, then in dark red and blue. It struck me as sort of like a morse code, or signal of some kind, and I assume it was 1communicating1 to the dipper formation, at which point I got spooked and went downstairs to make coffee as this was all a bit too much for me to handle. I1ve always been a skeptic about UFOs and this has pretty much shaken up my whole world view. I can no longer deny that UFOs exist. In the video link I provided, it appears that formation is regrouping into separate formations, and I can only assume that is the activity that I was witnessing, but I didn1t stay to witness the whole incident because I was pretty shaken, so I can1t say what eventually happened. When I worked up the courage to come back up to my bedroom and have a look out the window about a half hour later, both the dipper formation and half circle formation had gone, nowhere to be found.

At first, I thought I was looking at stars, but then I noticed they were arranged like the big dipper, and I knew that the big dipper would not be that low in the sky or as bright as they appeared. I have not seen this dipper formation in the Eastern sky before or since this particular evening.
