{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-01-22 18:52:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282921","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120525","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4085,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/921/mufon-5282921.json","updb_database_id":5282921}
Moving/Disappearing Star-Like Triangle UFO

On Friday 21st of January 2022, at around 18:02, while out walking the dog, while occasionally looking up, i noticed a star-like object moving from the south heading north.
I started filming with my phone but the floodlights from various buildings made it difficult, rendering the footage useless.
I moved to a different darker area to get better footage but the object was gone completely, the skies were very clear.

The following evening, on Saturday the 22nd of January 2022, at 18:52 while again walking the dog in a park, i saw the same sized object.
It was coming from the same direction, heading the same direction, moving at the same slow speed but seemed slightly higher than the night before. 
I started filming with my iPhone until it disappeared behind a moving cloud.
The moving cloud was heading in the south west direction (inland), the object was heading north from south, it did not emerge from the cloud but it did look like it was heading in the direction of the north sea before it went behind the cloud.
The cloud wasn't overly wide but it was long, from east to west, with its entire length moving south west, so the object should have emerged into the clear sky in seconds with both the cloud and object moving in opposite directions.
I waited at least 30 minutes looking for the object to reappear but it did not to my knowledge, the cloud by this time had more or less gone inland leaving a clear sky.

15 or so minutes after the object had disappeared, i also recorded a helicopter returning from offshore, returning to Dyce Airport which is over 30 miles away, i add this to my report to show comparison between the object and a helicopter.
I also add a daylight version pic, taken from the exact spot, showing Boddam power station chimney 3.5 miles south of my position when object was filmed.
Note; Boddam power station chimney is over 550ft in height and can be seen in the background of the videos by its vertical red lights when at night.

I returned home and looked at the footage, zooming into a screenshot of the object again and again until its triangle shape became clearer.
I sent the original footage to my partner who zoomed in and cleaned up the contrast on her computer, revealing its shape more...also revealing three lights on the object to my surprise.
Note; Two of the three pics showing the lights, have only been enhanced.
 
This is my third sighting in just under two months.
