{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-01-24 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289921","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113430","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2418,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/921/mufon-5289921.json","updb_database_id":5289921}
Blue-Green pulsating light visible in clear sky, daylight hours.

On Sunday, January 24th, 2021 at approximately 1630hrs, I was outside my residence when my attention was drawn to the sky by a group of seagulls (6-10) flying at relative high altitude. Their movements were individually erratic and the sun reflected brightly off their bodies. The group tracked from the northwest to the southwest slowly. 

As I watched this group of birds, I saw a blue-green pulsating light in the blue, clear sky. This light would dim, brighten, dim, all the while pulsating. It tracked in a straight line from the northwest to the southeast at a constant speed and looked like a very bright satellite. It’s brightness and size was similar to seeing the space station pass in the night sky. The light almost appeared to pass through clouds or haze, but no clouds were visible in the sky. 

In searching satellite tracking websites and apps, I’m currently unable to determine what caused this light. “Iridium” satellite description provided the most accurate account of what I observed, but none tracked overhead during this time as per my research. I have not observed human made orbiting objects during the daytime hours before. 

My partner was with me, she has a blue filter prescription lens and she was completely unable to see the light. She did see the seagulls which initially drew our attention to the sky. 

Oddly, the group of seagulls tracked in the same speed and direction as the blue-green light. The light and the seagulls stopped being visible at the same time. 

Due to the speed of the light, I was not able to obtain my cellphone or camera from inside my house. 

I am a skeptic with regards to extraterrestrial origins of UFO sightings. I am lodging this only to attempt to qualify what I saw that day.
