{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1955-07-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546921","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"19810","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2318,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/921/mufon-5546921.json","updb_database_id":5546921}
encounter

My father was in the US Airforce stationed at Mansfield.
My parents would go out in the evening leaving me with a sitter.
I would be asleep when they returned. 

One such night, I awoke to my ceiling light being on in my room.
I got up to turn off the switch and noticed all the lights upstairs
were on. I walked out of my room to the upstairs landing and turned
to see a figure in front of me. I was afraid but the figure mentaly
told me not to be afraid, everything was alright, and to turn off the
lights and go back to bed. I turned to my parents room to turn of the light and my parents were sprawled across the bed like they had been thrown there. They drank alot so who knows. I turned off the light and noticed the downstairs lights on and the front door wide open. I didn't see the figure anymore. I went downstairs, turned off the lights, closed the door and went back to bed. 

In the morning I tried to describe what happened, my mother thought
I saw a mouse. I was frustrated at her not understanding me. A few
days later we found out that a close relative, also in the AF had been
killed in a car accident in Alaska. From then on I always assumed that I had seen a ghost. The figure looked like a ghost but had bright blue eyes. I was 5 years old at the time.

In the past few years I have wondered if this was an alien encounter.
When my dad was alive I asked him about UFOs. He never saw any but did
say he had made a delivery to Area 51. He was at that time stationed at
Nellis AFB near Las Vegas. He was a chief master sargent. He and another
guy delivered an aircraft engine. They were surrounded by armed guards and
not allowed to dismount. The engine was unloaded and they left.
