{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-06 09:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507921","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50752","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2989,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/921/mufon-5507921.json","updb_database_id":5507921}
{rjl} Cow Mutilation in Gasconade County, MO - no UFO observed

As reported to ASD by phone: 

The witness contacted me on 9/10/2013 after finding my website animute.blogspot.com. He found a 6-year old healthy Black Angus cow who was pregnant- dead on the morning of the 6th at 9:00 a.m. He had gone to his ranch to check on his cattle as he normally does every day when he noticed that the entire herd was standing in a circle looking at something. He approached, the herd dispersed, and he saw a cow lying on the ground with her head facing east and her legs pointing North. The animal was still warm to the touch, the blood had not clotted, and rigor had not set in yet, so he estimated that the animal had been dead only four to six hours. The witness said that it is not normal to find a cow dead with all four legs pointing straight.
The witness then called the Gasconade County Sheriff, who sent a deputy to the location to take a report. The deputy said that the cow obviously did not die of natural causes. 
MUTILATION: The rancher took photos of the animal, then checked and found that the toungue had been cut out below the esophogus, which he said would be very difficult to do even for a trained person. He searched for bullet holes but found none, and then skinned the skull area in order to determine if there was a bullet hole but found none, nor was there a hole in the neck. Two teats were cut off, and a large setion of the head around the jaw was removed with hide, muscle, and tissue gone, including the gums, and very little blood was found on the site. He could find no scratches or cut marks on the bone. There was also a cut out section in the vaginal area. The witness, who has veterinary training and worked in a meat packing plant when he was younger, said that the cuts were made with surgical precision. 

See my attached map of the cow mutilations reported in Missouri and Kansas - 30 to date in Missouri. Contact ASD Margie Kay for more info and photos.
