{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-25 02:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485921","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73808","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3086,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/921/mufon-5485921.json","updb_database_id":5485921}
{cak} starlike ball in the distance changing color and direction. then flew closer and over my house and into the distance.

it was about 2 a.m. and in the middle of winter and I wanted to smoke a cigarette but it was too cold outside so I used to smoke in my bathroom with the window open. I lived in the middle of a small suburban development but I had a clear view of the sky. after living here for almost 2 years it was not uncommon for me to see bright stars that seem to look like UFOs or even actual UFOs. so every time I would smoke out the window I would always keep my eyes toward the sky. this particular night I saw a bright ball in the distance. it looked like it was over a mile away. at first I thought it was a very bright star or even a planet but as I watched I could tell that it was moving slowly back and forth up and down. after about 10 minutes it began to change color and pulse. ranging from blue yellow and red is slowly got bigger.it wasn't actually getting bigger but moving closer. as it came closer I started to see a structure. it literally flew over my house and I was leaning out of the window to keep an eye on it. as it flew over I could see what look like a very strange and long stealth bomber type aircraft. the moon was very bright that night so I could tell how dark it was.there were lights at the front of the structure that were white. as it flew over I could see what look like a small room underneath the structure like the cockpit of a blimp. I could see what looked like Windows but I could not see inside. I could not detect any type of landing gear but as it flew away I could see 8 red lights on the back of the structure. it looks like what you could imagine as stereotypical rocket boosters. as it flew by it sounded like a deep hum combined with a very low rumble but still very quiet. it did not cast a shadow. I tried my hardest to keep my eyes on it as it flew but I eventually lost it. I was completely in shock and didn't believe myself at first. the next day I recounted what I saw to my girlfriend at the time and the look on her face looks like she didn't believe me. she asked why I didn't try to take pictures. it didn't even occur to me to try because I was so amazed at what I saw. even if I had tried to take pictures on my phone I doubt they would have came out because I had a horrible phone at the time with a horrible camera.I have seen many strange things in the sky from that window but never anything like that before.
