{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-03-20 19:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514921","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43262","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2988,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/921/mufon-5514921.json","updb_database_id":5514921}
(GS) Triangular object with lights, shrouded in fog hovering above tree tops.

I witnessed an unusual object in the sky while driving home from work on March 20, 2008 at about 7:50 p.m. The object was hovering above the tree tops of a wooded area near FM1960 and Moon Trail Dr. When I first noticed the very large bright white light in the sky, I was driving east on FM 1960 about 2 miles from the city of Humble, and I was about 2 miles away from the object. I didn't think much of it as I thought it was an airliner on approach to IAH airport with its bright landing lights on. (Note: there were no other aircraft in the sky in that area at this time.)

However, as I continued to approach it driving in my vehicle, I realized that is wasnt moving, but hovering over the tree tops about two tenths of a mile off of the main road. Also strange was the fact that despite a fairly clear evening, the object seemed to be shrouded in fog (too low for a cloud) and the large bright light beam that was pointing forward, began moving back and forth onto itself--more like a very large spot light. Couldnt clearly see the object itself, but could see the light moving back and forth through the fog/vapor surrounding it. It was very large, 3-5 times the size of the largest airliner. It continued to hover as I passed it, and I turned off of the main road at first chance to get a better look. The under side was also shrouded in fog that was illuminated by various small white lights along the wide front V shape, and a few underneath; had an overall triangular shape. There seemed to be a smaller platform underneath, barely detectable by change in foggy light reflection.

As I turned my vehicle onto a side street to try to follow it, it very slowly and silently moved off towards the north/NW, just above the tree tops out of view. From the back it looked like a dark rectangular object with 3 large white lights across the back. It was too big for a helicopter or an airliner. There were no other aircraft in the sky at that time. FM 1960 is a busy road and Im sure someone else had to see it, however there are often planes passing through there on approach to IAH. If you werent really paying attention you might just assume it was an airliner--except it was hovering. The area where it was hovering was a wooded area near a large power line, also near the San Jacinto River, near a small subdivison.
