{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-18 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500921","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58158","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2760,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/921/mufon-5500921.json","updb_database_id":5500921}
{cak} About 3 star-like objects seemed to hover together. Then more joined out of nowhere.

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?

I was in the backyard going out for my daily walk.

2. What made you first notice the object?

I always look up at the sky. And i noticed something different. Three star-like objects together that weren't there before.

3. What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?

My first thought was a helicopter. But one was already flying around in the opposite direction.

4. Describe the object and its actions and motions in detail.

The objects i saw were star-like. They looked like they were glowing a bit. I think they were pretty high up since it was sort of faint how they glowed or their light... At first there was only 3 and they glowed more brighter. It looked as if they were hovering. Sort of like they were waiting. Because shortly after a few more came out nowhere! Many. I know that it can't possibly be helicopters because they were flying too close to each other and steady. After more joined together they started to fly closer to where i was watching them. They formed a "V" shape. And when they were directly above me and those that were watching with me. They formed a straight line. Almost like putting on a show for us! They stopped moving and they were just hovering above us. We kept our eyes on them the whole time. And slowly they disappeared. Almost like as they were fading away? But so quick. 

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting the object.

My feelings? Well i was pretty excited. My reactions were to get someone out there with me so that i can have someone be a witness to what i was seeing in the sky. After my brother and two others came out we kept our eyes on them. My brother took a few pictures but his camera didn't take any well... So nothing i can share really. Just this report on them. 
When we couldn't see them anymore we stayed a few minutes out there looking for them but nothing. The others were a bit scared and fascinated by them.

6. How did you lose sight of the object?
They sorta faded away.
