{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-06 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502921","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56061","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3455,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/921/mufon-5502921.json","updb_database_id":5502921}
{nd} Large craft noticed. Looked to be approximately 100 yrds long. My wife and I followed it for about 45 minutes before it was out of view.

My wife and I were coming home from getting dinner at approximately 8:30. We were heading out of Whitewater, WI and heading towards Jeffferson. About two miles outside of Whitewater I noticed something huge in the sky. It had a redish blinking light and also a white blinking light. I pointed it out to my wife and she said it was probably two planes flying really close together. I told her to take a closer look. It was pretty dark at this point but I could see that it was on huge object. She looked closer and realized that too.

My wife, who isn't a believer in UFO's said we should follow it because she was completely at a loss of words for what it was we were looking at. We followed it for about 45 minutes to an hour. Occasionally it would have one reddish light and three white lights. It moved slowly sometimes coming close to the ground, not much higher than the treetops. At one point we lost sight of it and as we came over a hill I saw it again, at first I didn't think it was the object. I thought it was maybe a large billboard with lights on it, then I realized we were in the middle of nowhere and there wouldn't be any billboards around. I stopped the vehicle and noticed that it was still moving, but was pretty close to us. We watched it and changed directions and altitude numerous times.

I got out of the vehicle to try to get video of it, but unfortunately all I had was my Samsung Galaxy S4 to shoot video of it. The video is not very good and for some reason you could only see the reddish light in the video, and not any of the white lights. I got back in the vehicle to follow it some more but by this time it had flown quite far from us and we lost sight of it.

A mile or two later we saw it again and it was much higher in the sky. Not too far from it we noticed another light in the sky. This was a white twinkling light. It would twinkle a few times and then there would be no light coming from it for a second or two, then it would twinkle again for a few seconds and then go dark again. We watched this object in the sky for a few moments noticing that it would decend at a rapid speed for short distances. We could still see it in the sky at approximately 9:30 as we were heading back home.

I honestly have no idea what we saw. The first craft we saw was huge, much bigger than any plane I have ever seen. It also moved slow for quite a while at low altitudes. There are a few small airports close by, but there is no way anything this large would be able to land or take off from them. My wife and I are puzzled by what we saw and followed around for almost an hour.
