{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515921","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42218","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4792,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/921/mufon-5515921.json","updb_database_id":5515921}
{dr}Five starlike UFOs showed up around midnight all in different directions and one emitted two more UFOs that flew straight to Earth

On August 23rd, 2012 around midnight I was outside playing basketball in Indian Hills, Colorado, and as I was about to leave the court to go home I gazed at the sky for a minute, immediately noticing 5 separate, star-like UFOs, all in different directions of the sky. I watched each one make identical very rapid back and forth, zig-zagging movements while hovering very high in the atmosphere (I would estimate +100,000 feet) and all of these movements were very obviously well beyond human technological capabilities as we do not have any craft I am aware of that is capable of flying thousands of miles an hour then in an instant flying thousands of miles an hour in the opposite direction without slowing down to turn around. These UFOs at first glance because of their hovering tendencies and extremely high altitude appear to be bright stars when they are somewhat close and dim stars when they are very far away but as soon as you focus on one for a few seconds using the horizon as a reference point, they all begin to either move in one direction or make quick, short up and down or left and right movements that undeniably prove they are not stars nor anything of human creation. I witnessed two flying away from me that either disappeared or turned their lights off as they neared the horizon and their lights dim and brighten, which often gives the appearance of a stars twinkle, but they will also dim their lights for a second or two then get very bright for a couple seconds and so on sometimes as well. However, what blew me away the most and made me into a believer was when I decided to stay focused on the UFO that was brightest and seemed the closest to me off to the NW and it flew East to a point then stopped, hovered for about 30 seconds, then another UFO flew straight down, out of the first UFO straight to the ground in under 2 seconds (which seems fast to me seeing as it was still at least 50,000-100,000 feet up and it would have taken much longer for the objects to fall to the ground). About five seconds later another UFO flew out of the first one and this time flew straight to the ground at the same speed, landing probably 25-50 miles east of the first one. I would guess they landed within a 100 mile radius of the center of the Colorado/Wyoming border. Immediately after that occurred I called my mom and had her come down and see the three UFOs still in the sky and she also witnessed them and their seemingly impossible flight patterns. So out of a total of 7 UFOs, two disappeared just above the horizon directly to the South, 2 landed to the NW, and I never lost sight of the other three, but after two and a half hours of standing there I decided to get some sleep at about 2:30 AM. Since that night I have looked at the sky every time Ive been outside at night and every single time I have spotted at least one of these UFOs in the sky. They are obviously in this area like every single night and nobody notices them because you have to stare at them for a while to figure out they arent stars and I honestly wouldnt be surprised if they were trying to make themselves known on purpose flying with such bright lights and making senseless, energy consuming movements or even if they know when someone is watching them. All I know is we are a long, long way away from developing technology that could compare with this, and I realize that if we had the ability to fly that high, that quickly, with minimal energy, we would be exploring the Universe looking for intelligent life forms as well but what are their intentions? Do they just want to discover and study alien life like humans or is there something more sinister going on? Why would multiple crafts be here almost every night using up all their time and energy? What I want to know the most is why did those two crafts need to land on the ground and where did they go and what did they do that night? I tried to capture this event on video but the objects were too small and it was too dark for it to show up on my phone but if I find a good camera Ill try again.
