Case No. 1565 19062021

Date: 2018.

Approximate Time: Not recorded.

Weather: N/A.

Season: N/A.

Witnesses: J. G., 31 years old.

Description: The witness reported having photographed an aerial anomaly on an unspecified date in 2018, at "Playa Blanca Copiapó".

The user did not indicate a specific date, nor a location that could correspond to the actual geography of the city of Copiapó, as it is not located on the coast. He explained that it was never seen or heard, but he noted that
There existed at least one photograph and it described that it had a shape of
“cigarette”, of at least 40 meters in size and that it flew
horizontally.

This report ended as follows (sic): “We were in the
sea bathing, a friend, a friend and I, in addition we had a small
dog, which at a certain moment began to bark as if it saw something,
when we came out of the sea we started taking photographs, in which
the immense flying object could be appreciated.”

In emails of June 22nd, and July 7th and 8th of
In 2021, the user was contacted to request the photographic material they indicated they possessed, specifying the location and date of the event described. As of the writing of this report, Mr. Gutiérrez did not respond nor re-contact the CEFAA.

Without knowing for certain where the reported event may have occurred, the geography of the coast of the Atacama Region was studied, determining that the mentioned beach is located near the mouth of the Copiapó River and south of the town of Puerto.
Old, at coordinates 27° 20’ 12’’ S and 70° 56’ 34’’ W. (Figure 1)

Figure 1

Images: The user only contacted CEFAA upon submitting their report,
not providing any study media.

Conclusion: Due to the lack of study material and no response from
the user to the emails sent on June 22, July 7 and 8, 2021, asking
when and where the reported event occurred, the investigation file was
closed.
In accordance with the numbers 2a (Existence of information that warrants investigation), 2f (Investigation of cases older than one year only if they possess photographic images or videos) of the Technical Instruction Procedure, Research Times, Reception of Backgrounds, Preparation of Executive Report and Archiving of Reports CEFAA.

Due to the lack of contact, the case was classified as "False".
