{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510641","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47754","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2975,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/641/mufon-5510641.json","updb_database_id":5510641}
after midnight, moving very fast, no sound

Well basically, I was getting ready to go to bed, live in suburb of big city Copenhagen, weather great so I went out on balcony of appartment block to look briefly at stars and watch for ufo's, because I still can't get over a 'satelite' a couple of months ago, which changed direction and speed drastically. I have a clear view over buildings, when from my left, SE - a spherical object suddenly streaks toward NW really fast, a 'golfball sized' (maybe a kilometer away or two, so quite big!) with a dull lighting and was gone. Probably 3-4 seconds altogether! Possibly about 5 thousand km/hour! Absolute silence! It was mindboggling, the timing, the lack of other witnesses (past midnight, people sleeping) the lack of any sound emission. I was transfixed for a few minutes, my mind a blank, trying to get to grips with what had just happened. Then I started to feel slight anxiety and went indoor. Had to sit for more than half an hour before being able to go to bed. My thoughts racing, of course searching for logical explainations, but coming up with none (nothing manmade moves that fast and soundless, at that altitude, probably 2000 - 3000 feet. Impossible) - other than ufo-sighting. Surreal! One thought is, I would love to have been able to talk to someone else, another witness preferably at that moment. Also, I felt that there was something 'psychological' about the whole thing. As if 'it was timed for my benefit' - The same morning - I had actually pondered (recently become interested again in ufo's) if UFO's would have any interest in my area and concluded probably not, because there are no military installations or power plants around, for example. All in all, there was some kind of connection of sorts, have no idea why. And also, just before it happened, I was as if geared for the event, so initially I wasn't surprised (?). Freaks me out, honestly - because it was so 'timed'. And the fact it was happening, indisputably! I don't drink alcohol or smoke anything. Stone cold sober. Can't help thinking, if I hadn't been facing the skyline for those two to five seconds, I wouldn't have seen it and wouldn't be writing this. How normal are these flybys really???? So, now I have decided we are not alone - now I know - so nothing to do but take it in stride and start studying the phenomena 'fulltime' - join the party....
