{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-06-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526641","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29035","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2444,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/641/mufon-5526641.json","updb_database_id":5526641}
Blue flourescent colour, very slow moving and standing, suddenly manipulated different directions, like egg shape

My Home is near to Izmir-Ataturk Airport (IZMIR/TURKEY) about 45 km. I can see very clearly to airplanes which come down to the airport at nights. I observed many UFOs since 1993 in my city especially many ones in a vlillage out of the city, but I succeed to record this video over city centre.

When I was surfing on the internet in my room, I needed to get fresh air from my balcony. I just look around the sky , I saw the blue object in the sky the rotation of 2 o'clock. 1t was very slow like an helicopter, Firt of all I was think it could be helicopter. 1t was easyly and slowly flowing to the behind my apartment. When it came top of me I realised there is no signal lamps, no wings,no voice, I got my handy-cam which is 40 optical zoom and I run from the balcony to the front door of the apartment. And I succeed to record this video.

When the object moved the next street , I was run to the main road and some peaople gathered around me that what I am recording. We stated to talk and I was trying to get clear view which the object behind the coulds. Suddenly it appeeard few ones more and they are opened and closed the blue lights few times supposing they were known that we see them. Few people are saw those lights with me. That happen 1 or 2 minute like signal.And They disappeared inside the clouds. 

When I saw the object I feel an exite,1t was very clear for me that was not a known flying soucer, baloon or human made. After the record when I watched in my pc I suprised the object is very speedy manipulated from 1.07 second to 1.14 second according to which I marked refference point electricity lines on the street.
