{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-07-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492641","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66888","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4289,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/641/mufon-5492641.json","updb_database_id":5492641}
{rjl} white and red flashing light moving around in yard and field for hours

1. I stood up from the couch getting ready to go to bed and looked out my window.

2. I saw red and white lights flashing erratically outside.

3. I was unsure what it was. It looked like fireworks or the flashing lights on a police car. I thought my neighbor who had recently left my house may have been down there doing something. I called his home phone and when he answered I told him to look across the field to see if he could see anything. He said he didn't see anything so I told him to come over and to bring his rifle. I then walked outside with my pistol. As I walked outside I noticed my dog hunkered in the corner of my carport with his tail tucked between his legs which was unusual, as he was a pit bull and normally barked all night. I fired a couple of warning shots into the air to scare off the intruder, but the lights continued to flash until my neighbor drove past them in his pickup. They began to flash again when he pulled into my yard and exited the vehicle.

4. At first the lights looked like they were the size of a beach ball and farther away, but after I walked out into my yard closer to them I could tell they were about the size of a baseball and about twenty or thirty feet away from me. They were flashing red and white, but mostly white. The light looked sort of like the flash of a camera, only it didn't reflect off the objects around it. Sometimes it flashed for a few seconds at a time, and some times it flashed only for a split second. Sometimes it flashed while it was sitting still suspended in midair, and other times it flashed while it was moving. Most of the time the object floated around slowly within three to six feet of the ground, give or take a couple of feet. Other times it would move incredibly quickly and higher into the air, especially when being fired upon. The object could stop abruptly in mid-flight and sit perfectly still. It made absolutely no noise and appeared to be only a light (I couldn't see it if it wasn't flashing). The light might be described as sharp, hard and metallic.

5. I was frightened at the sight of something I couldn't explain or understand. After my neighbor arrived I began to fire shots at it. I fired eight to ten shots at the object while my neighbor watched in wonder. It moved so fast that I would still be firing in one direction, and it would be fifteen or twenty feet in another direction. When I realized I couldn't shoot it I became even more frightened and suggested to my neighbor that we go inside. I would rather have ran away, but to do that I would've had to have driven right past the object, as my drive way was the only way out and the object was in my front yard. I turned around and started walking toward my house with my neighbor following behind looking over his shoulder. As I was walking the whole front of my house lit up all of a sudden and only for a split second. I stopped and turned around as my neighbor caught up with me. He said that the object had flashed very brightly and that the flash looked different. Together, we went inside my house, along with my dog who I normally did't allow in the house, and continued to watch the object through the window. We watched it float around the field by my house for two or three hours until I fell asleep, gun in hand. My neighbor stayed at my house that night and stayed up watching it for another couple of hours.

6. My neighbor said the object was still hovering around out in the field by my house when he finally fell asleep. When we went out in the daylight the next day the object was gone and left no noticeable trace of its presence.
