{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-07-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485641","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74087","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5608,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/641/mufon-5485641.json","updb_database_id":5485641}
{jpg} Weird lightning, thoughts that absolutely were not mine, premonitions, junk

The weird lightning was a trigger of sorts. It seemed it was over Anaheim Stadium and appered to have flashed down instead of up a few times that night. I saw that same thing in Fort Lauderdale, FL just before hurricane Micheal destroyed Haiti in the 90's. Both times, it triggered adrenaline rushes for unknown reasons. A caveat: my mental state was deeply depressed and traumatized from other human issues at the time and I realize this may effect my credibility. Please hear me out anyway. 

This was right before 9-11 on July 3, 2001 and there was seriously weird moods and vibes in the air everywhere--on the news and radio in particular. I was becoming increasingly sensitive to everything re: other peoples' moods and agitation. I was becoming agitated and apocalyptic myself. I do not really know why. That night, I began to think uncharacteristic thoughts that we were about to be attacked and I had to follow clues. The weird lightning triggered a march of sorts. My head felt electrified, as if it were operational in its entirely. Overwhelming.

I landed myself in a psych-ward and I do hold myself fully accountable. ....whatever it was also seemed to be guiding me to march down the middle of the freeway saluting patriotically, then by a railroad track to then strip to my sneakers in all my naked in-glory to again salute a passing train. I thought I somehow stopped a war. Later, I began to experience thoughts of the "winning"/superior human races (mine of course) and how it will survive the coming "apocalypse"(I swear I am not racist and reject this as tripe whole-hardheartedly now), I ranted about how we are at war with the Middle East and it had to do with my birthday (11-9-73), I also ranted about how I am part alien, my brain felt completely "turned on", my eyes felt bulgy,and something was in my head "guiding" me. I also felt a religious pressure, that I was some sort of "chosen" prophet and had a duty to perform for the human race. I was also required to become a strict religious devout... It felt as though two sides were fighting over my mind. These were not voices, they were impressions--abstract thoughts. In short...I lost my damn mind. I smoked a small amount of grass hours before, but I really think this is above and beyond the effects of pot.I now believe my weakened mental state and resulting malnutrition opened me up to some sort of psychic assault? It remains unclear from what exactly. Something in that lightning storm effected me too. I realize I handled myself poorly, but truly feel there is something here. My entire belief system slowly re-invented itself from this point on. 

No history of insanity runs in my family and has never happened before or since that particular year of recovery. They diagnosed me as schizo-effective, and bipolar. I have since been re-diagnosed as having had PTSD due to other things and am perfectly healthy currently.

I flushed the meds soon after and sought to get my mind/body happy and healthy again. That was my cure for certain. I also began my research into the rabbit-hole of UFO's, spirits, tricksters, etc. a few years later. I found many, many similar cases. The racial and religious agitation is one notable, historical similarity. People also love to believe they are special and needed to save the world. It is an easy point of manipulation for most. Some UFO websites attract the "crazies", but I have noticed some of them ranting similar things as what I was. They need help and I found all of them are in weakened psychological/physical states--wide open for this kind of assault.

I am also an artist/musician. We tend to be sensitive to this? Most of us are diagnosed with bipolar disorder at the slightest sign of depression. I often wonder......those drugs are TERRIBLE. When I focused on my health, ALL signs of mental illness, invasion, or whatever you wish to call it disappeared and no further psychological oppression has been allowed. Education is power. 

Anyway, I consider my experience to be an awakening of sorts and I felt it was time to share what I learned with you. John Keel also mentions the racial agitation, telepathy, religious oppression and general nonsense information we sometime receive, in his books "Our Haunted Planet" and "Operation Trojan Horse". He also notes the similarities in reports of UFO's, historical fairy reports, airships of the 1800's all culturally relevant for the times. But they are similar in content. Digging John Mack, James Redfield, "What the Bleep do We Know" as well as many other researchers, thinkers and works out there. Telepathic contact is quite common, it turns out. What a strange reality this turned out to be! We are slowly piecing it together. 

It is my sincere hope that my story is a contribution to the puzzle. Thank you for all your wonderful and hard work. My the Force be with you!

Sincerely,
[Name removed/cms/tg]
