{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-09-23 22:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478641","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81484","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2425,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/641/mufon-5478641.json","updb_database_id":5478641}
{cak} Large, triangular, very bright lights on each tip of the triangle, shimmering blue light in window compartments, no noise.

I am a retired Steel Mill Superintendent. I was at home that night in September and I had just finished watching the weather on CBS news Channel 6. As I do every night I take my dog off the back elevated deck at my home to allow her to urinate before bed. I had just climbed back up the stairs and was back on my deck latching the half-door. when I looked to the North-East and saw this huge oject traveling at a high rate of speed at a shallow angle to the South-West. The obect was within my view for less than 35-40 seconds and dissappeared behind some large trees in my backyard. I ran in and grabbed my camera but it was gone. I stood there over an hour and a half hoping to see it again. It never returned. I have looked for it every night since as I feel I need to see it again.

I am a 74 years old and have flown extensively and have had flight training flying light aircraft, Cessna 180-150's. I am a Vietnam Era veteran and former Paratrooper who spent hours and hours aboard helicopters and aircraft of all types. My eyesight is 20-20 still and I recognize most aircraft and am familiar with their appearance. I have never encountered anything like this object in my life. The interior hazy blue lights that were compartmentalized were like nothing I have seen. They were a shimmering blue hazy appearance and I have not seen such a light except in Hollywood Sci-fy productions. The craft banked slightly as I watchced it and I was then that I was able to see the other light and the full shape of the triangle.

I have hesitated in reporting this as I have a very good reputation in my community and I do not wish to appear a looney old man who is losing his grip on sanity and reality.
