{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-06 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509641","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48778","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3144,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/641/mufon-5509641.json","updb_database_id":5509641}
{kt}Spotted silent craft with pulsing circular lights (predominantly red with some yellow and orange tones) heading west at a low altitude at about 9:45pm.

This evening my husband and I were taking a bike ride through our neighborhood when I spotted an orange-red circular light in the eastern sky. At first I assumed the light was part of the fireworks that had been taking place off and on throughout our ride, but just a minute or so later, we rounded a curve to find the light was directly in front of us just below a low cloud cover. The strangeness of what we saw stopped us both in our tracks, literally. The color and circular pattern of the lights were obviously different than any air craft we typically see.

At first the object appeared to be stationary and at an altitude of about 3000 1 5000 feet. There was absolutely no sound coming from the object whatsoever throughout our observation. As we continued to observe, the craft made it1s way toward us in a westward direction at what appeared to be a steady altitude. The speed appeared to be about that of single engine plane. 

As it passed directly overhead it was obvious that the object was illuminated unlike any airplane we1ve ever observed. The lights appeared to be arranged in a circular pattern, were pulsating rather than blinking, and were predominantly red and either yellow or orange. What we observed definitely was not typical of airplane running lights. We were unable to make out a shape other than the circular appearance of the lights, and there was no unusual motion 1 just a steady westward track. We were able to observe the object for about five minutes before it slowly went out of sight. We estimate that the craft would have flown just south of the Bowling Green airport as it headed westward.

My husband and I both are reasonably intelligent, college-educated persons with what I would consider an average curiosity in possibility of extra-terrestrial life. I am 52 and my husband is 60, neither of us were drinking or under the influence of any substances. We have a pool at our current residence and have spent many evenings observing the night sky, including the typical air traffic and the occasional satellite. 

In summary, what we saw was unusual enough that we both felt it important to report our observations. The complete lack of sound at such a low altitude and the color and circular arrangement of the lights were unlike anything either of us had ever seen before. My husband was particularly intrigued with the complete lack of sound.
