{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1975-10-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5181187","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"8akr3c","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5181187,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Shiny Disc Hovers Over Restricted Area (Cat 2,9,10,11)Fran
Ridge:
Oct. 29 or 30,
1975; Wurtsmith AFB, Michigan
Around 4:00 pm. Crew operating out of a mobile
RAPCON on north side of runway. Alert area also on
the north side at the approach end of runway 24.
Tower called down and asked if they were talking to
any helicopters near the Sac Alert Area. Crew member
responded with a "negative". Several minutes later
the tower called down again and asked the same
question. Shortly thereafter Minneapolis Center
called with a hand off on a KC-135 returning to OSC.
The tanker checked on their freq and requested to do
multiple radar approaches. Then the SAC Command Post
line rang and that officer was informed that the
only aircraft they were talking to was the KC-135
now about 15 miles north of the field on vectors.
Another minute passed when the Command Post line
rang again. This time it was a Colonel who stated,
"verify you are not talking to anyone over the alert
area?" "Ask the KC your talking to if he can see the
alert area." The pilot was asked and responded
"Can't miss it, it's lit up like a Christmas tree."
The Col. at the Command Post replied, "Tell the
pilot of the KC to break off his approach and
proceed VFR directly to the Alert Area and identify
the aircraft hovering over it." One member stepped
outside and began to walk towards the runway since
the alert area was obscured by some trees. An
aluminum-colored disk about 75 feet long and 35-45
feet thick at its mid point was hovering over the
alert area about 100-150 feet off the ground. The
sun was still up and the alert area was ringed with
stadium style lights and the UFO was plainly
visible. There were no lights on the UFO and it was
perfectly still. Suddenly there was a roar over his
left shoulder and the KC-135 was headed right for
the alert area. Suddenly the UFO went from 0 KTS to
300 Knots. The KC made a bank southeast in pursuit
and both the object and the jet were lost in the
trees. When the crew member ran back inside all hell
was breaking loose. He was instructed to sit down
and call Minneapolis center (ZMP), point the traffic
out, and tell them what's going on. The ZMP
controller said he had radar on both targets and
informed them he was calling Toronto Center and
Cleveland Center to point the traffic out to them.
At a point just north of Michigan's thumb the KC
pilot transmitted, " I don't know what that was, but
it just took off like a bat outta hell." He then
requested vectors back to Wurtsmith and landed
without further incident. He later informed them he
couldn't get close. As he increased speed the UFO
increased speed. The pilot reported his altitude
above FL180.

Note: This incident is multiply-listed on the dBase
as a close encounter (Cat 2), a radar case (9),
sighting from aircraft (11) and flagged as a nuclear
connection case (10). The highest rating level would
be radar even though the report was filed and
described by a crewman on the ground who saw the
object close enough to classify it as a Cat. 2.

Detailed reports and
documents
reports/751029wurtsmith_report.htm
(Fran Ridge)
reports/751029wurtsmith_report2.htm
(Fran Ridge)
