{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-05-08 18:41:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483588","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76284","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2888,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/588/mufon-5483588.json","updb_database_id":5483588}
Bright white bluish-green rectangular light shape, quarter moon sized, appeared in the sky zipped from north to south in 5seconds the disappeared.

I'm Patrice Joseph from Trinidad and Tobago in the Caribbean, where we don't usually have any UFO sightings at all, so my story is Hugely mind boggling and unusual. It was mother's day a few days ago on the evening of 8th May 2016 my family was returning home from the day out. I was sitting in the back seat while we were driving along the highway and just 5 mins away from home. It was still bright out not yet sunset and I was just gazing out my backseat window to the western side up at the sky looking at the thin sliver of the moon as started showing up. 
Out of nowhere what seemed a short distance away from the moon's location a bright white light just appeared in the sky with a greenish-bluish tint, the size of what seemed to be quarter of a what a typical full moon's size would be, it looked rectangular-ish in shape no sharp edges very soft and it just shot across the sky in a straight line from north to south very quickly,(covered a distance of about 50 feet or so not sure maybe more) it took about 5 seconds in all with no noise, nothing, it just got smaller and circular and totally disappeared!!! At first I started thinking hmmm...ok omg a really huge shooting star but then I was like what the heck this is somethihng else because it did not fall it was wayyyy bigger and just keep a clean straight line and just zipped across the sky and disappeared just like that!!!! I was TOTALLY stoked!!!!I didnt believe it, i doubted myself, nahhhh that's not possible....then I totally lost it!!!! It really was something UNUSUAL!!!!! my folks got freaked out cause I was like" OMG OMG OMG OH My GOODNESS you will not believe what i saw, I cant believe I saw something, you all would not believe what i saw" I kept repeating myself over and over.....my family finally got me to explain myself, mom looked at the time it was 6:41 pm and she opened the sunroof to see if they could spot it also. But we saw nothing else as we pulled up to my house...I quickly ran outside to show everyone what i saw, where i saw it and the details....It was truly remarkable...! I cant believe I saw my first UFO! What a mother's day ending!!!!..Seriously???? OMG.
