{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491588","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67976","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2468,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/588/mufon-5491588.json","updb_database_id":5491588}
{dr}Not UFO, alien contact.

When I was about 3 or 4yrs old, I remember going to the "Dr's office".  3 Or 4 doctors dressed from head to toe in white surgical scrubs, faces masked and, you can only see their eyes. They tell me I'm there for a vaccination. I remember one of them saying don't worry it looks like a pig, showing me the tip of a gun that had like a tube dropping off the barrel. The tip was round with   another ring in the center. On the out side two needles and the center had to needles hence the pig. I judge they searched my child mind to see what I would except as familiar . I was put in a chair and remember wondering where my mom was. Also confused that the Dr's are only a little bit bigger then me and I knew I was little. The scar on my left arm I always thought was a booster shot. When I asked my mom about it she said I had no such vaccine. When I started meeting people with the booster scar I realized my scar is to low on my arm, its texture is a little different and I was allways about 5 yrs younger then them. My mom couldn't identifie the scar. I believe it is a tracker. There is more stories over the years but want to wait to tell the rest,see if Moufn decides to investigate. I've never told the story due to me testing the waters when I tried. I would tell parts of story and was never believed. I don't think on it all the time but when I do I'm driven to know if there is anything in my arm. But I can't go tell my Docter this story and ask for a x-ray. So I don't know for sure. I also am open to fauls memories as a possible solution, but the strange scar? other miner contacts, and strange events ( that could be mere coincidence I'm reading more in to ) have me confused. I'm a 41 yr old cps social worker. Help? I also want mention that I easily and often but not controlled have out of body experience. I don't know if its related.
