{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-28 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501588","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57453","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3009,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/588/mufon-5501588.json","updb_database_id":5501588}
{dr}20 to 30 orange glowing lights moved south to north across the eastern horizon at 9 pm CDT. Uniform size, spaced out over a 15 minute period. Disappeared as the moved north.

My wife stepped outside just before 9 pm CDT and noticed orange glowing lights moving from south to north just above the eastern horizon (20 degrees or so) and called me to join her. The glow was steady and uniform for each. As I joined her, we could see more than 10 crossing the eastern sky - she indicated more had already moved out of sight. In this larger grouping they were somewhat uniformly spaced out at generally 2 elevations and south to north (but not in a perfect line - they just followed a general path south to north). Trees were blocking our SE view so as we watched we could see more of these lights emerge into view (almost due east) and head north. We continued to see 1 and sometimes 2, at a time emerge into view on a regular basis for a total of about 15 minutes (I sent an email video at 9:17 after the last one passed). We are sure we saw at least 20 and probably closer to 30 lights. Lastly, as the lights moved north they seemed to disappear. There were spotty low clouds and I could see their glow diminish as it moved into the clouds but the lights totally disappeared as they moved passed the NE line of sight (I assumed that if there were a light on the front of the craft that light would become obscured to us as it reached that point on its northerly course). As another witness (in PA I think) noted, they gave the appearance of chinese lanterns moving across the sky. There were no blinking lights, just the steady glow. Once the steady glow disappeared (was obscured?) we did not see an other lights (such as the blinking lights on an airplane or helicopter). One other viewer noted that they seemed to be moving at a rate consistent with a small aircraft and I would agree except that we could not determine the distance to the lights (although based on our view of them moving into the clouds I would guess the distance to be on the order of 2 miles or so). I did capture video toward the end of the viewing and the simply show small orange dots moving across the black night sky. In the video you can hear boats on the lake below our lake home - yes the sound was definitely from the boating traffic.
