{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-03 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492588","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66944","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2321,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/588/mufon-5492588.json","updb_database_id":5492588}
first light in sky brighter the moon. fly pattern like never seen before

It was 11 pm in March I was checking cows on my farm. Was waiting for a cow to calve. Noticed a light and at the time appeared to be in my dads pasture. Thinking it was someone driving I drove an atv. I got to the area 
I was ontop of a hill noticing nothing on ground. I looked up noticed the light. Watched it fly away. It was cold out so I then went to bed.
The next night I looked in sky at 8pm seen a light no stars were out yet
Watched it all night. Till it dissapeared at 3am. The craft had a very bright light. Appearing white until closer then dimming to bright yellow.
With the light so bright it is hard to decipher the craft shape size.
I was very mad at first thinking it was a drone or military. But later realized. That this craft was nothing like I have ever seen before. It would hover in one spot from 8 pm till 11 pm. Then it took off flying oddly
Stopping hover straight up down hover. Various flight directons. Slow fast
Then in a blink of an eye was gone. 

I did not realize forgetting the time it was 4 am. I have seen this light with 2 others. And have seen this every day since march. It is now June 22nd. It is not a plane known to man. I am watching the craft now as i write this. I have used a flashlight to get it to come closer and it does.
At this point iam scared for myself and family. As this craft is at the end of my lane under a mile. Hovering 300ft above ground directed at me. Light turned red now still same place see black around it where their is no light.
I have filled this report to help the cause.

And hopefully find out why this craft is at my farm middle know where every night for 4 months.
