{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490588","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68998","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2526,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/588/mufon-5490588.json","updb_database_id":5490588}
{nd} observed very small red oval object moving fast and changing direction

I was on my friends deck around 11:00 pm in upper Michigan on 8-02-15 It was a nice warm night so I decided to do a little star gazing and to look for a few passing satellites as they are so easily spotted in the night sky. as I was looking almost completely straight up at a small cluster of faint stars something caught my eye. I saw a very small oval shaped object solid red in color moving fast and very high across the sky. It was moving approximately 8 times faster then a satellite moves and I watched it change direction about 4 times, it moved from one side of the sky to another in a very short amount of time. This object remained the same red color and did not very in brightness. It was about half the size a observable satellite would appear. this object did not sparkle or change brightness subtle like a star or satellite does but remained a solid red color almost like a lazer point. I am confident I was not observing a satellite as I definitely know what satellites looks like crossing the night sky. The object did not slow down in speed when it changed direction but turned quite sharply. I thought about taking a video of the object with my cell phone but decided it would not of turned out very good due to the size speed and altitude of the object. I actually attempted to try but the sudden brightness of looking at my cell phone screen and looking for the right button to push ruined part of my viewing experience as I had a hard time adjusting my eyes to the night sky and searching for the object again, but I did luckily eventually spot it again and viewed it for another few minutes. I eventually stopped looking at it due to the fact that I was really straining my eyes and my neck was hurting from having my head so tilted back looking up. I had a hard time falling asleep wondering what I saw. It was a very surreal experience.
