{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-06-07 21:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454588","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107026","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3117,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/588/mufon-5454588.json","updb_database_id":5454588}
{cak} Like a white slightly green ball park light that went up over tree tops then down no sound

On 06/05/1978 I was driving west on highway 84 two and a half miles east of jonesville la. At around 9:05pm when I saw a bright multilighted object about 50ft over the tree tops which looked something like a ball park light The object had 3 or 4 lights that appeared to be of a very light green tint and even though they were brilliant they did not shed light on the surrounding area. They were visible to me for only 3 or 4 seconds as they appeared to move toward me but then descended toward the ground and disappeared behind the trees. I continued in a westerly direction for about another mile when to my left and south on the same side of the road that the first object was on, I saw another object about the size of a softball if viewed from about 20 ft. Th first lights were about the size of car headlights if viewed form about a quarter mile. The last object was brilliant as was the first object but did not shed much light on surrounding area but did some as the air around it glowed somewhat. This object was burgundy colored or deep rust burgundy because it was more red than rust. I stopped my car on the road shoulder for this one and turned off the engine and rolled down the window. The object moved very slowly in a westerly direction and with about a 35 degree angle downward toward the ground. Then it seemed to move toward me and I saw a stream of smoke coming straight from the top of it, as though the smoke was being aimed straight up. This continued for about 45 seconds then the main light went out and a small piece came off the side of the object. I couldn't see the main object anymore but could see two smaller ones . One proceeded straight down slowly and the other continued at the exact same angle of about 35 degrees toward the ground. They went out of sight in that fashion and nothing else was seen. Two deputy sheriffs saw one of the objects from a distance of about 5 miles from where I was and a different direction. They both said it was a long cigar shaped object. They radioed around thinking it was a plane crashing but found nothing. Nothing was found in the form of a crash. I saw one of the deputies 2 years ago and he confirmed what he had seen and said they saw other weird things in that area in those days but did not want to elaborate about it further. I documented this event the day after it happened and still have this document which I copied for this detailed description
