{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-10 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525588","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30155","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2623,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/588/mufon-5525588.json","updb_database_id":5525588}
A bright red object traveling about 50-75 mph over Schuylkill Haven

Me and Martha Scott went to the Haven Fireworks at the Island (Old Irish Flats)at 9:00pm. After the fireworks we were walking to the parking lot
at end of Garfield Ave and Burger St. as I was approaching my Jeep I was
immediately struck by something bright red and traveling almost over our heads. My first thought was: "More fireworks" but there was no sound.
Typical of a UFO and those I'd seen over Orwigsburg on 9/11 2003. My camcorder did not reveal any details as it was hard to keep steady 
without a tripod. Freeze Frame reveals an oval bright object. I watched it
for about 10 minutes and noticed that it was not heading towards the horizon as aircraft do but like a rocket would do it heading for outer space. Let me be specific! This object accelerated from 1 mile up to
invisible in 20 seconds. 

    It shot right out of our atmosphere. I have to laugh at this one. Was it the fireworks that attracted these ships? Were they also watching them from a distance. Whatever direction this came from I did not see it walking back (probably cause I just wasn't looking up). Judging from the direction it came when I saw it it was coming in the direction of Feeser's
Cement Company.Also amusing is the fact that there were groups of people standing in the parking lot by their cars had no idea this thing was
even there till I yelled "Hey thats a UFO up there". Then they looked up and because it made no noise two of them said: "What is that thing"
From time to time I have seen objects that you would swear were UFO's but
after waiting for the object to get close or using binoculars you clearly
see blinking navigation lights and a sound. This object had a red glow and no navigation lights or sound. The only thing we have that goes straight up and out of the atmosphere are rockets. The behaviour of this
object does not qualify as anything manmade and I have little reason to think that it is secret government technology either.
