{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-20 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524588","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31249","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4062,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/588/mufon-5524588.json","updb_database_id":5524588}
2 red-orange orbs observed in North East Mesa

My sighting was on Saturday, August 20, 2011 approximately 10:30 pm. I am 49 years old and reside in North East Mesa, United States. I went out into the back yard to have a cigarette and shortly after I was outside I saw 2 red-orange orbs moving in the sky from the West to the East. There were no exterior lights on in the back yard and the two orbs were very prominent, they appeared shortly after I went outside. They came into view as they fly over the house from the front yard to the back yard. My first reaction was one of amazement; I do not recall ever seeing anything quite like these before. That is what held my attention; they did not look like other planes or aircraft I have seen at night.  I consider myself a logic based person and I was trying to figure out what they were. I was thinking if they are not a UFO, what they could be. They were at about the elevation single engine airplanes normally fly over at, about 45 degrees above the horizon from my view point. They were not moving quickly across the sky; I would say approximately at about the speed of a single engine aircraft. There was no blinking white lights or other colors of normal tell-tale signs of a regular aircraft navigation lights. They were both this large reddish or red orange color in a bulb or orb shape with no definitive outer shape, they were fuzzy around the edges. The diameter of the orbs seemed to be approximately twice as large as that of a normal small airplane from tip to tail and both orbs seemed to be the same size. After the fact, I would say if I held my hand out at arm1s length the orbs were about the size of two of my fingertips together. The color was a warm, fire-like color, almost pulsating, without any distinct pattern to the pulsing. The orbs were opaque in the fact that I could not see through them or make out any distinguishing features other than the general orb shape.  The exterior air conditioner was on along the side of the home; however, there was no appreciable sound that I could hear. They flew in close proximity to each other, but not in exact parallel, they were moving independently of each other, they did not circle each other or act in synch in a manner that I could tell. There were definitely two distinct objects from what I could ascertain. I had never seen anything quite like them, I was mesmerized by them. I was the only person who saw them; there were no other witnesses with me. My roommate was inside the home at the time, however, I honestly did not even think to tell him to come outside, I was fixated on the objects. They kept moving in an Eastern direction, wavering a bit, one more in a direct path and the other starting to trail off a bit to the South East. Then the one orb just blinked out and vanished entirely1there was no residual color in the sky that I could see or any downward trails as a flair or such may make. A second or two afterwards, the second orb faded out in a similar fashion. The sky that night was clear, only some wisps of clouds. I first thought that maybe they flew into a cloud, but then I realized afterward there were no clouds for them to fly into. I stood and continued to look at the area in the sky where they had vanished; however, they did not reappear. I do not know if they were extraterrestrial or not, I just do not have an explanation for what I saw. My best guess is I viewed them for approximately 2 minutes before they vanished.
