{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493138","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66382","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2728,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/138/mufon-5493138.json","updb_database_id":5493138}
{nd} Odd looking triangular shaped object with no lights spotted in Coon Rapids, MN

About 2am, myself and 2 of my close friends decided to go to their 3rd floor balcony outside to get some air. We were out there about 3 minutes when I seen something very strange above and out from us as we stood on the balcony. It was a clear night and some stars were visible and airplanes were in the area like a typical night. The apartments we were in have outside lighting and there are businesses around that have bright lights as well. No one was drinking alcohol or on any medications. The 3 of us all seen the flying craft at the same time and seen it pretty clear. 

The craft was a gray black or dark color. It was sort of triangular in shape. It had tube-like structures around it, which made it hard to make out more clearly, its shape. It also had large bubbles or lights? or globe shaped objects all around it. There were no lights on it or they were off. Absolutely no lights and no sound coming from it. It was maybe very large truck sized or larger. It was not that far from us, perhaps 20 feet above and 8 feet out from us. We watched it move in the sky at I guess a medium speed. Very smooth flying and moved in a straight line. We tried searching online for photos, videos and drawings of this object. We found nothing at all that even comes close to how this looked. It was the strangest thing I have ever seen. It was not a drone. Nothing to compare it to. Our speculation is that it could be: alien craft, new technology drone, military craft, spy craft, or a craft made by some company to fly undetected at night for wealthy and powerful people to survey areas and land for purchasing. We made this report in hopes to find out what it is or if others have seen this craft. No way really to photograph or video graph it, it was dark outside and the craft was very dark. There were also other bright lights high in the sky above us, flashing and moving and disappearing and reappearing. I have seen lights like this many times before, but they do not seem like public known technology, and seem to be unknown objects as well.
