{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-12 04:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501138","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57933","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3851,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/138/mufon-5501138.json","updb_database_id":5501138}
{nd} Starlike flying U.F.O. intermittently displaying exterior lights several times and changing course while still visible with the light off.

Saturday July 12, 2014, 4:10 AM. I saw a typical bright white flying U.F.O. to the southeast flying with an unwavering light to the north. I ran inside and quickly got my strobe flashlight and my 532nm 200mw green laser. Only a few seconds later back outside I saw that it was no longer visible and I was so disappointed that I missed it. But, as I searched the sky I saw it again following it's original trajectory to the north, now directly in front of me as I faced east. It no longer had it's bright white exterior light but I could see it's dull gray mass (in the light of the full moon the sky was pretty well lit) accompanied by a dull reddish glow moving across the sky. The I lost it but a couple of minutes later it appeared again as a bright white light flying again from the southeast to the north. This time I tagged it with my laser. By the way this laser is a class 3b laser and the green beam is solidly visible in the sky for a few miles. I read about a guy in England who used a green laser and got a U.F.O to repeatedly flash back at him and I later achieved this. I placed the laser beam on the U.F.O. as it flew to my left for about 5 seconds then it turned off the light. My adrenaline was racing and my knees were shaking as I waited for the next game. As I waited I used my strobe light and my laser to try to attract them again. Then a few minutes later the light appeared again moving from in front of me in the east to the south. I again used my laser on it and it turned it's light off but as it flew I could clearly see it's dull gray maybe oval shape emitting a constant dull reddish glow. I then thought of another game. Instead of hitting the ship with my laser I shone the laser solid beam in front of where I saw the ship heading so that the ship's operators could see my laser beam crossing in front of their path. This way I would not blind them. They again signaled me with the white exterior light. By the way this light was close to the brightness of Venus. I repeated this game about three times and each time getting exterior light responses as the craft continued to fly to the south. My knees were still shaking and I thanked them for paying attention to my sky watching (every night) as I saw the dull gray ship with a very dull reddish glow fly to the south over the hills northeast of Mt. Diablo. I thought it was over and I waved goodbye and the ship gave me a goodbye with one more immediate pulse of white light. Definitely the best I've seen yet! The whole viewing was about 20 minutes. I estimate that the ship was less than a mile away and about 15 foot long. I assume that it was a typical flying saucer with 2-3 operators. I'm sure that there were people on board, not like those orange orbs I saw which I think are drones. By the way I'm sure by now the pilots of these ships know me and are also curious about me. I'm sure they've got my number. I believe this is the same ship and pilot that displayed the pulses of light that I observed on June 28, 2014. We got a game going. Wait until they see my 635-638nm red-orange 500mw laser! (It's still in the mail.)
