{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-18 22:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491138","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68435","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9108,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/138/mufon-5491138.json","updb_database_id":5491138}
{rjl} Spotted in Sky, Flicked truck lights on and off, then were chased by (4) 3ft wide flame colored glowing disk/oval shaped objects

A close friend, my fiance, our 5 yr. old son, my sons friend (who were both asleep, thank god!), and myself were driving to a gas station in Belgium, WI when I notice what almost looked like a copper/flame colored star. It caught my attention because it looked different than all the other stars in the sky and almost looked like (3) stars connected in a triangular shape. When I pointed it out my friend saw it right away but my fiance, who was driving, couldn't see it initially because his view was obstructed by trees. We turned east so he could get a better view. We were around 1/2 mile from Lake Michigan. My fiance spotted it so we stopped and turned our lights off. We noticed it was moving, and it did not have any red or blue flashing lights on it like an airplane. It seemed to glide slowly through the sky, it did not move like anything any of us had seen before. My fiance decided to turn his lights back on and almost immediately the thing in the sky disappeared. So he turned his lights back off and to our disbelief there it was again. He did this i believe (3) times and that's when the object started to come our direction. At this point I could have still dismissed this as a star or something. It was still way up in the sky and we still couldn't really tell exactly what it was. When it seemed to be coming towards us my friend (who was sitting in the backseat) and I were consumed with an unexplainable feeling. Its so hard to put into words but it was like they knew we knew they were there. We instantly felt the need to get out of there. We all got this cold air sensation (not like a breeze) and the all the hair on my body (except my head) was standing up and I had goosebumps all over. This static cold feeling lasted the rest of the night and through the next day. So when we noticed that this object seemed to be coming towards us he turned our lights back on, we made a right hand turn and kept a pretty good speed. We had been driving down this road for around a mile when my fiance checked his driver-side mirror. This is when things got out of control. As he was looking into his driver-side mirror he could not believe what he was seeing. I can't write the words that came out of his mouth because it was lots of profanity, but he was stumbling over his words and couldn't believe what he was seeing. Ive been with my fiance for 11 years and I have NEVER EVER seen him look and sound this way. This is when my friend in the backseat and I (I was in the front seat) turned around to see what he was freaking out about. This is when we saw (3) flame/copper/yellowish/orangish/whiteish disk/orb/fire ball looking objects coming at us in a diagonal vertical line. All of a sudden a fourth one appeared out of nowhere just right (east) of the other (3). There were no light trails behind them, I don't believe they made any noise (We had our windows down but I'm not 100% sure that they didn't make any noise because we were all yelling so hysterically for my fiance to drive faster that if they were making a sound it could have been missed by all the commotion) They were probably 100yrds away at this point. My fiance kept yelling for one of us to take a picture or video but for some reason (and i know it sounds stupid) I absolutely felt/knew that if I was to turn around and point my phone at them to take a picture or video I would have been done. When I say "done" I'm not really sure what I mean to be honest but I just felt like if i pointed my phone at them to take a picture it would have pissed them off even more and they would have gotten me or done something to us. I know it sounds crazy but the strangest thing about this whole experience is the feelings we all felt. They were so intense, I don't know if you would consider it fear or the not knowing what was going to happen to us or just that it was so unexplainable. Anyway, these (4) objects were gaining on us and at this pint we all knew that they were chasing us. They then changed formation into a V and the opening of the V was pointed towards us. We were racing down this road at probably 70 - 80mph and made another right hand turn to the west towards Belgium & the gas station that we were heading to before all of this initially started. So after we made this last right hand turn we were now headed west and there was a farm field on the north side of the road. I had to force myself to look back to see where these things were. This is when I noticed that they had cut off the corner that we just turned on and were heading southwest straight at us in the V formation. I honestly thought that we were done, that we were about to be abducted, but honestly I didn't know what was gonna happen because it was just so unexplainable. They were right on our tail; I'd say the closest they got to us was within 100ft. As we neared Belgium and the street lights of town these objects started to back off. The last time I looked back to see where they were was when we were on top of the I-43 bridge heading west into Belgium and at this point I could only see (1) of them which was probably a half mile away. When we pulled into the gas station we all were just absolutely stunned at what just happened. It was just complete insanity that we saw what we saw. All I can say is that I'm glad I wasn't by myself because I probably would have convinced myself that I was going crazy. So after we tried to get ourselves together at the gas station the big question was which way were we going to take home? My fiance wanted to take the way we just came from because he was curious and wanted to get pictures. My friend and I begged him not to. We decided to take I-43 because it was the fastest and there would be more people on that road in case something happened. We made it home safely, got the kids out of the truck and into bed. My house is only probably (2) miles from where we initially spotted it high up in the sky. After getting the kids settled in and into bed my friend, my fiance and myself went outside on my porch to smoke a cigarette, try get our minds right and register what just happened. We were all going on and on about what happened when I looked to the north east ( towards Lake Michigan) and I couldn't believe my eyes. There they were AGAIN!!! All (3) of us were just completely stunned that we were seeing this again. We saw (4) objects that were shaped and colored exactly the same as the ones we saw while driving in the truck. They were at much farther distance away so they appeared a lot smaller. But one by one they went higher in the sky changing formations a few times and then completely disappeared. These objects did not move like anything I've seen before. They glided so smoothly through the sky and could change their pace so quickly and smoothly. They were not Chinese lanterns, I know what Chinese lanterns move like and I am 100% sure that these were not lanterns, flares, cell phone towers or any ship/plane/jet. None of us could sleep that night and the cold, static electricity, hair standing up, goose-bumpy feeling lasted all through that night and the next day (Sunday July 19th). By Monday July 20th we felt pretty much normal again. The night this happened I seriously thought they were going to come for us. And yes, I know I sound crazy but that is how I felt. All three of us have experienced some crazy feelings and aren't sure what to make of it or how to deal with it. It wasn't only the fact that we saw something so unexplainable but a big part of it was the undeniable feeling of having no control over the situation. I've never felt so terrified in my life. I believe they didn't want us to watch them, they wanted us to get away from them and leave them alone. At least this is what I felt. It was definitely life changing and makes you think twice about what's really going on in the sky. It makes you question reality to say the least. We've tried to come up with a rational explanation, but there is absolutely NO RATIONAL EXPLANATION for what we witnessed. In a way I wish I could go on living a naive life like I was before this experience. But at the same time I am also thankful that I now know without a doubt that we are not alone. I do not have any photos, videos or sketches at this time. But my fiance is in the process of sketching some drawings of what we saw. I will attach them as soon as he is done.
