{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-02-28 04:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455138","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106473","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3163,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/138/mufon-5455138.json","updb_database_id":5455138}
{rjl} Observed lights which seemed to move round the edge of very large object in the sky

From my spa, at approximately 0420 hours this morning, February 28, 2020, I saw lights in the pre-dawn sky, which were unlike any pattern or behavior of an airplane or any other craft human beings have built known to me. 
In the cloudless Eastern sky, I witnesses a pattern of lights, uniformly spaced in equal distance one from one another, ‘streaming’ or moving at approximately a 40 degree angle in relation to the horizon. 
The lights seemed to originate from a point in the sky near a moderately bright star approximately 20 degrees straight up from the horizon line. 
At first, my brain separated the lights as if they each belonged to individual aircraft, then recognition illuminated my perception of what I was seeing and I realized these lights could belong to one very large ship and I was seeing one edge of it from where I was positioned. My view was partially obstructed by trees as the leading end of the line of lights disappeared into the obstruction. If I were viewing one side of a very large flying craft hovering in the sky, these lights would indicate the outer edge of it. 
As I sat there mouth agape, it dawned on me that no matter how futile the attempt, I needed to go get my iPhone and try to get a picture. I was afraid to go because I thought the lights would disappear. However, I quickly traipsed dripping wet through the back door and into my kitchen to retrieve my phone. When I returned the lights were still there, still moving round or streaming down toward the horizon. 
I opened my camera and aimed it toward the sky. The screen was as black as I expected except for two neighbor’s pole lights across the field. Then as if on cue, the previously clear eastern sky began to be obscured with clouds. These clouds originated from the horizon line upward and obscured any further view of the object or objects. 
I don’t know if it’s a good idea to say this, but I’m feeling a little unexplained paranoia now, as if whoever might track accidental or pre-emptive alien exposure is well aware of what I witnesses this morning. 
Reflecting on the timing of the clouds, if they’d been there only 10 minutes earlier, I would have seen nothing of the UFO. Makes me wonder if someone’s timing was off. 
I’ve also sketched a picture in my notebook. At this sighting My GPS coordinates were: 35° 28' 24.4668'' N
94° 9' 3.708'' W
