{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-11 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495138","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64308","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2630,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/138/mufon-5495138.json","updb_database_id":5495138}
{dr}Hovering and moving pair of green lights (single craft) that would sometimes both become red. Non-blinking. Then suddenly vanished.

Last night, 3/11/15 at about 10:30pm on the 3rd floor of my
townhouse in South Philly facing north (toward Center City) exactly 2
miles away, I was putting my 3 year old son to bed. He was over my
shoulder looking out the window when he said, "what's that green one?"
Lots of helicopters and airport traffic pass over our heads on the way to
the airport, and there's a helipad or two in the city so we're quite
accustomed to the aircraft in the area. This one was intriguingly
different. I stood by his window to watch for about 2 minutes. It wasn't
going away. It kept hovering east to west between City Hall and the
Comcast building between roughly 30 and 50 stories high, and it was a
green light. Periodically it would float way up above the height of the
Comcast building, then back down to continue hovering around the City
Hall area. Sometimes this behavior can be a news or police copter except
they blink, and have white and red lights. This wasn't wasn't blinking,
and periodically right before our eyes it would change from solid green
to solid red. Also helicopters eventually land on a helipad or fly away
but this wasn't leaving. I put my son to bed and ran up to our 4th floor
deck, grabbed the binoculars and watched it for about 2 more minutes.
Through the binoculars I could see clearly that it wasn't one light but
two lights side by side, almost like headlights, both solid green and
occasionally changing to red (or perhaps turning? perhaps two red lights
on one side and two green on the other?). Again no blinking, just both
lights slowly changing color every 30 seconds or so. Then right in front of my eyes it vanished; just suddenly blinked to darkness and was gone
(or at least turned its lights off). I wondered if it was someone's toy
drone but it seemed way too bright and and way too high for that.
Wondering if anyone else saw or reported it. Thanks.
