{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-12 07:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515138","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43041","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3405,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/138/mufon-5515138.json","updb_database_id":5515138}
{dr}Strange lights, strange objects in skys, strange red fog with electrical charge

at 8:00 PM, when taking dog out to bathroom, noticed the "moon" was in the wrong position in the sky, in fact, the glowing object I assumed to be the moon was basically in the trees, just below the treeline. I thought that was so strange, I actually texted a friend about it. I also noticed it was pitch black. I also heard a metallic clanking sound, like someone hitting a 50 gallon drum barrell. I thought maybe the kids next door were down in the bottoms playing with barrells, and wondered if I saw a spotlight or something.

At 9:00 PM Went out later saw a bright white light right above the tree line. A smaller one dropped from it, and then it dropped. The "moon" wasn;t rising, it was moving towards the road. I thought I had seen a falling star, and got my google skymap out - there was no star charted in that location, and the moon was in its usual position - which wasnt the treeline, but it was too dark to see it.

at 10:00 PM, Took the dog out later and noticed a red fog covering the area. The night was pitch black. I assumed it was a car, but the light didn't lesson and there were no motor noises.

Looked down the tree line and saw a red pulsing late, so I assumed some one had run off in the creek that is about 1/4 mile from my house, and that was a tow truck light. When I went to investigate, the dog started growling, barking and whining and wouldnt come with me. As I stepped closer to the fog, I felt almost like static electricity, and the hair on my body started standing up.

I tried to take a picture of the fog with my cell phone and phone wouldnt work. I went back inside and went to lock up the back door and noticed that it was a very bright, starry moonlit night and I could see a distance of almost 1/2 mile in the moon light. I went back to the front and it was totally pitch black, with just the red fog and black outlines of the trees against the glow in the fog.

The dog was barking and growling hysterically, running from the front door to the back door. I locked up and loaded my gun. The dog barked nonstop until 3:30 in the morning.

The next day I came home early from work because I was exhausted, and there was a truck from the FIsh & Wildlife parked on the bridge that is 1/4 mile from my house. There were two men, and they had cameras with very big,long distance telephoto lenses. I asked them what they were doing and they said taking pictures of snakes. I kept trying to ask more questions and they kept looking at each other before giving me brief, non committal answers. I couldnt decide if I was tired or they were rude.

Later that evening, three army helicopters flew over, and started flying up and down the power lines that run parallel to my house.
