{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-28 22:36:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514138","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44097","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6097,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/138/mufon-5514138.json","updb_database_id":5514138}
{cak} the tear drop has a bolt or flow or electricity/energy that flowed vertical, up and down, direct center

This sighting was already reported to MUFON in the beginning of August 2012. The date of sighting/encounter was July 28th, 2012. 10:36 p.m. I since have had time to think about the sighting, and I feel that a more accurate description is needed. 
Notice in the MUFON sighting log that two people in a car were driving on the highway near Gilbert which is 40 miles from my sighting location.                                                         They reported seeing three tear drop fire UFOs TWO MINUTES BEFORE MY REPORT

Important details of sighting:

1. My daughter and I thought we witnessed the same UFO, until the next day when she heard me telling a friend about the sighting. We realized that I saw a completely different object than she did. 

2. This means that the ET1s have the ability to allow one person to see an object, while another person cannot. Refer to the drawing I drew 1sighting1. 

3. I saw the tear drop fire UFO and its altitude was about five-hundred feet. My daughter saw the red UFO and its altitude was about one-thousand feet. When I was standing in the street observing the tear drop just hovering for twenty seconds or so. It then moved directly towards my daughter and I. Which was almost frightening. I yelled to my daughter 1 It1s coming rite at us1. 

4. The only object that I saw was the tear drop UFO, nothing else. But when I look at the 1Red UFO1 photo I remember seeing it. I can feel this pulsating feeling that does not feel all that good. I am not sure if the memory is from the night of the sighting, or maybe from another date in the past. 

5. My daughter took three photos. To her knowledge she took photos of only the Red UFO as seen in the 1Red UFO1 photo. One photo was in fact the red UFO, and the other two photos were all together different. 

6. During the sighting, I believe, I was subject to alien hypnosis. As I looked at the tear drop UFO, I felt dizzy and I felt this pulsating, heavy feeling that made me feel ill. I could not look at the tear drop longer than ten seconds or so at a time. Then I would have to look away. Then I would look back at the tear drop for ten seconds or so, then have to look away again. That1s because the fire from the tear drop was very bright but it wasn1t bright enough to keep one from looking at it for more than ten seconds at one time. There was a feeling that1s hard to describe. It was like a wave rolling through me that smothered me the longer I looked at the tear drop. I actually was slightly buckled over while trying to look at the tear drop, but I had to look away because I felt nauseous. Little did I know that at that moment I was being violated.

7. Starting the next day and lasting for a week and a half or more, my scalp had this tingle sensation. The lower back of my head was puffy and felt slightly numb as though the glands in my skull were stimulated. The sensations are still occurring every two to three weeks, for periods lasting from five minutes to thirty minutes. 

8. Refer to the tear drop description drawing. You can see that the tear drop has a bolt or flow or electricity/energy that flowed vertical, up and down, direct center. Refer to the 1alien face photo1. You can see two wavy, bright strands that resemble electricity. 

9. This image 1alien face photo1 was not seen in real time by my daughter, nor myself. For the majority of the cell phone image screen to be full from the image means that the image was within five to ten yards from us. But it was not visible with the naked eye. 

10. Refer to the 1alien face 21 photo. In my opinion, this image is clearly an alien face. I have drawn arrows pointing to the eyes, nose and mouth. I have included example photos of different faces of Greys. Notice the thick, rounded brow bone over the eyes. Notice the flat nose and small lipless mouth. The alien is distorted, because the alien is in a state of 1fine matter1 or some type of astral plane/state at the time. 

11. In my first report I reported that the tear drop appeared to be divided into two sections. The was division was towards the top of the tear drop. Refer to description  
drawing. I just recently realized that what I thought was a division in the tear drop was actually the windshield. Freak me out.
