{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-01-16 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292138","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111187","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2489,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/138/mufon-5292138.json","updb_database_id":5292138}
My husband and I saw a craft flying at same speed as us (around 35-40 mph) parallel to us.

Around the 3rd week of January 1998, my husband and I were on the west side of NAS Pensacola- we were both stationed there for training. Both being California kids, we heard that there were alligators on that side of base so we went out there looking for them. Following Christmas leave, a curfew of 10pm had been imposed for weekdays. We got tired of looking for alligators and decided to head back to the barracks around 9:30pm. The road leading back is perpendicular to the runway- we noticed a craft back and to the left (drivers side- my husband was driving) and then it matched pace along the tree line. There was no sound, and I only recall red and orange lights that glowed dull (not bright) - not blinking or pulsating. Along this road is a light house (right side of the road). We had the windows down and the radio on- we turned the radio down all of the way when we noticed the craft- there was no noise. It was still keeping pace with us and dipping only slightly below the tree line. Up ahead we noticed the beam of light from the light house was on but not rotating- it was locked pointing north. That was the end of it. Jeromie claims he though we had missing time, but I do not. We made it back to the barracks in time and it has been a recurring topic of discussion. Couldn't tell you what is was, but after many years of experience in aviation for both of us- neither of us could come up with a rational explanation. We have been divorced for 17 years- and we just talked about it again last year. I was inspired to share this since I had an unexplained sighting tonight. So 2 unexplained experiences in 22 years. We didn't know who to tell back then- and didn't think anyone would believe us. The Navy would probably drug test us, do a psych eval and take away our security clearance.
