{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-09T14:14:04Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 204865, "source_ctime_ns": 1788501168116630804, "source_file": "Canada-Library-and-Archives-UFO/documents/e002746911.jpg", "source_mtime_ns": 1788501168109330540, "source_rel": "Canada-Library-and-Archives-UFO/documents/e002746911.jpg", "source_sha256": "e53562cba362ddbf016272e70421c144486efebb0d4181dc441fac585fe02bd4"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 1099, "chars": 6460, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Ottax Citizen 18 OcT. 15
It all-began, I suppose, with the stuffed
animals. Johnny Musgrave was an army
brat, born in Minneapolis in 1941. When
the youngster was in Grade 3 his father
received a transfer to California.
When
they, left they took everything, including'
Johnny's stuffed animals, but for some
reason the animals didn't stop moving
once the rest of the family had settled in
San Diego.
Not that it's unusual for a child to
believe his playthings are real, but it is
curious that one could actually convince
his mother that the animals didn't seem
to need any help to get around. Johnny
and his mother even did tests; arranging
the animals according to a specific floor
plan; closing the bedroom door, waiting.
and then checking to see who had gone
where. Johnny's mother was convinced.
It wasn't until 1955, though, that he
had his most remarkable encounter with
strange forces. He was 14, camping near
El Cajoh, Calif., when he met a retired
doctor who told him that he and some 10
others had been observing flying
saucers for the past few days, always
shortly after sunset. The doctor invited
young Musgrave to join his group that
evening. They waited a short while until
the bright light the doctor had described
showed up. moving slowly across the
western sky, then breaking into two
lights, one moving north,
the other
south. Next night the strange lights and
Musgrave returned, and although he was
the only non-adult among the witnesses
to the event, it wus that evening that be
received
the
distinct impression the
antire show was being staged for his sole
personal benefit.
Next night he had a dream. It was not
his first unusual dream: he'd dreamt
once the house was going to catch fire,
only to wake up next morning to find the
kitchen ablaze. But this dream was not
the same, not so easily passed off as
mere coincidence. This time he felt he
was being drawn up into the object he
had observed the previous night. and
while inside he spoke with some of its
occupants - people-like, not monsters
- and he believed it to be a conversa-
tion among equals. Musgrave was frank:
with them, telling them he just couldn't
cope with the dreams and strange events
that had been occurring He told them it
was too soon, that he wasn't yet ready.
But, he added, he would be ready in his
32nd year.
When John Musgrave was 30 he went
to Edmonton to accept a job as a com-
puter analyst at the University of Alber-
ta (there was no draft evasion involved
- a football injury had left him incligible
for duty in Vietnam). When he was 32,
he took the step the dream had pre-
dieted: he wrote a long, detailed letter to
Dr.
Jacques Valice, the noted UFO
examiner at the institute for the Future
in
California, detailing
the
El Cajoh
John Musgrave's
Date with a UFO
The Canada Council is putting up
$6,000 to see that he keeps it
BY ROY MacGREGOR
sightings and his peculiar dream. A year
later he applied for a Canada Council
grant to study the UFO phenomenon
in Canada, and last April he was
given 56,000. He felt he was simply
answering a call,
When Pqul-Emile Leblanc, head of
the Council's explorations program, an-
nounced the grant he was quick to add,
"It's not a put-on. It's a serious study."
The very nature of the UFO grant was
enough in itself to give them worry -
better, in some minds, that they use tax-
payers" money to find out just what it is
angels are up to when they gather.on.
pinheads. But if the Council felt it had to
defend the grant in some way, it's just as
well they didn't also take on the task of
defending Musgrave: certain things
about him were probably better left un-
told. Bad enough that he was American,
not one of our own rifling Ottawa's
ALLEN G. MC HAMARA
pockets, but he was also a former 4-H
Club member whose sympathies now lie
with the Marxist-Leninist line of com-
munism; he wears only denim and cats
health foods; ho keeps his hair, which
runs halfway down
his back,
in
ponytail: and he considers the gossipy
American tabloid newspaper, the Na-
tional Enquirer, good source material.
Admittedly, it all sounds absurd, but it
is also unfair. John Musgrave is as well
qualified for the task as anyone else in
this i country.
He has been taking
specially assigned college courses since
he was 13, entering the University of
Chicago on a full scholarship when he
was only 16, and he has done. graduate
work at the University of California at
Berkeley, as well as a return stint back at
Chicago.
Although he has received
enough credits to make his education
roughly equivalent-to a PhD, he never
graduated as such, for the courses he
took never lay in traditional directions:
rather, they seemed mostly to be of
value to someone engaged in the study
of space and UFOs. "It was. I admit, in
the back of my mind all along." he says.
During the decade he spent absorbing
university courses in physics, psy-
chology, computer analysis and history.
he also kept up ties with the various
UFO societies throughout the United
States, so that when he applied for the
Canada Council grant he had not only
his formidable education, but he also
had impeccable references that in-
cluded, among others, Dr. J. Allen
Hynek, the highly respected
Hllinois
scientist who is generally considered the
expert on UFO phenomena.
Even sq. the Canada Council must
have been somewhat nervous about the
grant, since Musgrave received barely
half the amount he had initially re-
quested. (In essence, they gave me my
expenses, but not my salary.") For a
while he tried to hold down his job as
course designer at Alberta's new
Athabasca University and research
UFOs as well, but he resigned in August
to work full-time on the UFO research.
figuring he could live off his savings un-
til December or so. It was the only way
he could arrange the time needed to
travel. Since leaving his post at
Athabasca, he's spent three weeks
rescarching in California, and another
week at Dr. Hynek's Centre for UFO
Studies at Evanston, Illinois, where
he uncovered nearly: 1,000 pages of
American-compiled data on Canadian
UFO sightings.
And that is but one hint of the inag-
nitude of the phenomenon in this coun-
try. So far he's filled a filing cabinet with
stories of UFO sightings that took place
in Canada, and is about to begin his sec-
ond cabinet.
The information comes
from old newspapers, diaries, word-of-
mouth, Interviews, and from letters
15
National, Research Council of Canada/
Conseil national de recherches du Canada
RG 77, Vol. 308-
•
