{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-07T16:21:23Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 158322, "source_ctime_ns": 1788501166739126860, "source_file": "Canada-Library-and-Archives-UFO/documents/e002746876.jpg", "source_mtime_ns": 1788501166733330431, "source_rel": "Canada-Library-and-Archives-UFO/documents/e002746876.jpg", "source_sha256": "5ece6513ae92e4bc4eec2a893c29fcfb2b676c48f43ccc9e15fe6435ad11a919"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 711, "chars": 4135, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
Page
14
GRIFFITH OBSERVER
August
Glub!
.. r.
the alien nature of these UFO's. For example
"They must have some knowledge of aero-
dynamics that we don't." Who is they? Or
*they do not seem to obey Newton's laws of
motion." Again the concept of "they" rather
than "it." A subtle point, you might argue,
but one that is important, since the problem is
not solved, and the use of such words implies
a solution.
Hynek states quite correctly that there may
be theories for UFOs, that are not even formu-
lated yet, but nevertheless, the rest of his talk
ignores this very important point.
Since we.
do not know what the phenomenon is we must c
be especially careful, in, a scientific inquiry, to
avoid unconscious bias. Indeed, there may be
many solutions. Perhaps the daylight "disks are
one class of phenomenon,
and the close en-
counters of the second kind are quite another
phenomenon. In his book The UFO Experience
Dr. Hynek lists the many different classes of
sightings, but still they are listed together as
being part of the same UFO-experience.
know of at least one astronomical prober that
was
finally solved only when it was realized
that
there
were
three distinctly
separate
phenomena being observed. They had previously
been erroneously lumped together as one prob-
lem, and that had made it impossible to come
to grips with it. Can this be happening with
UFOs?
But to get to the thrust of the talk given by
Hynek: we were told early on in the piece
how bad, how biased, and how useless the
Condon report was. We were told how the
summary of that report was "the villain of
the piece." We were not told that you have
no hope of getting a copy of that report, unless
your local library has one, since it is now out
of print. If that report was so useless, why
doesn't Dr. Hynek let sleeping dogs lie
and
forget about it? After all, the majority of any
of his audiences anywhere will never have
seen it. Of course the report is there, like the
sword of Damocles. I have started to read it
and as far as l am concerned it appears as
an
extremely careful piece of
scientific
in-
vestigation. Indeed the report states that after
their investigation they found no information
in
the
UFO phenomenon which added to
scientific knowledoe at that time. They do not
say that UFOs don't exist. Clearly they
do
"exist." There are events or experiences which,
even after careful investigation,
are still un-
explained. People do experience UFOs. I use the
word "experience" deliberately, because we are
dealing with reports made by people who are
convinced they experienced something.
Often
it is a visual experience. It seems to me that
perhaps we have a selection effect • here, in
that any other experience which could not be
explained but which came through another one
of the senses would not be reported in the way
that a "seen UFO is.
The Condon report also states that if some-
one has any idea about how to tackle this UFO
problem in the future, an idea that would hope-
fully lead to a scientific explanation of the
phenomenon, then such person should apply to
the usual funding
agencies for
support and
such support
should be
given.
Personally 1
have no idea how I would set about seeking a
solution to the UFO problem, being as complex
at it is. The question I ask is why Dr. Hynck
did not approach the usual funding agencies
for
support of his
Center for UFO Studies
Should his plans for explaining UFOs be found
to bear great promise, then any reasonably
open-minded referee of a proposal to a funding
agency would have to pass it. So why are none
of the
usual funding agencies supporting Hy-
neck's Center for UFO Studies?
The Impression left with merafter this talk
was that there was no very clearly worked out
plan of investigation being followed at all. We
heard some stories about visiting the
scenes
of some recent sightings, of hypnosis of some
witnesses, and even about getting one witness
drunk. But too often | heard Dr. Hynek state
that after his interviews these people were
judged by him to be reasonable witnesses and
National Research Council of Canada/
Conseil national de recherches du Canada
RG 77, Vol. 308
