{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-07T22:08:40Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 166480, "source_ctime_ns": 1788501167384861911, "source_file": "Canada-Library-and-Archives-UFO/documents/e002746877.jpg", "source_mtime_ns": 1788501167378010565, "source_rel": "Canada-Library-and-Archives-UFO/documents/e002746877.jpg", "source_sha256": "3917a8969e79cb7d54aea90f750a09219b8d5ed96961995a29e8691d87e1481d"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 796, "chars": 4735, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
1975 -
GRIFFITH
OBSERVER
Page 15
sometimes he Stated that the witnesses were
vell respected members of the community. Ir
one case he stated that the witnesses of the UFC
incident would have been credible witnesses in
• court of law. None of these criteria seem in
the slightest bit relevant as a scientific criterion
for defining the crediblity of humans.
For
example, we have just been through a period
of political chaos in this country which revealed
that some of the potentially most credible wit-
nesses
even
respected citizens have
been
anything but reliable.
This does not mean that the witnesses of
UFO incidents are all liars. It does mean that
one does not judge the reliability of witnesses
on a personal impression. It is not sufficient
for us to hear about Hynek's visit to Father
Gill and be told that Father Gill is a very
methodical Anglican priest and Hynek has no
good reason to call him a liar. It does not add
to the story of the Gill incident to learn that
Hynek found Father Gill to be a good gentle-
man and a scholar. The UFO phenomenon needs
to be studied scientifically, and personal judge-
ments of withesses does not add to the scienti-
fic content of the event described. We are too
often deceived by appearance. To me the UFO
phenomena are beset with appearances which
deceive.
1 believe that the very fact that UFOs are
regarded as being primarily in the
realm of
experience of an astronomer is fallacious. Why
an astronomer? Yes,
an astronomer can help
explaining where the stars and planets are
during a sighting. As a result many strange
experiences become explained phenomena, but
what of the remaining sightings? Why is the
center for UFO studies run by an astronomer?
Why didn't the psychologists, who are used to
dealing with people and the things people ex-
perience,
start serious study of these phe
nomena? Is it possible that they know some.
thing astronomers don't? Is it possible that
they have a befter awareness of the enormity
of the problem considering our pathetic know-
ledge about what humans are really like, of
-how humans perceive things and all the com-
plexity that entails? 1 question whether it i
astronomers that -should be dabbling in this
study. The blas toward astronomy does not
only presuppose that the answer lies in astron-
omy, but implies that
astronomers may be
supremely capable of tackling any mystery that
befalls the human race!
Dr. Hynek reported that the Gallup poll
had showed that 15 million Americans
had
seen UFOs. Of course, these UFOs would be
by the Condon definition fan observation that
was puzzling to the obseryer) rather than by
the
Hynek definition of a UFO (which is a
sighting
that
remains a puzzle
after careful
investigation), It is a pity that after Dr. Hynek
spends so much time bad-mouthing the Condon
report as well as its definition of a UFO, that
he should then quite blithely quote this Gallup
poll result in the way he does.
Those were 15
million Americans who saw a Condon type UFO,
which is not the same as a Hynek UFO!
The study of UFOs is a fascinating example
of the way bad science, is sometimes practiced
It is also a good example of how some scientists
have done their very best to come to terms
with the problem from the point of view of
their
science
Hynek claims
that
"the UFO
reports do not fit into the established scientific
picture." Nor did quasars or pulsars or ano-
malous OH emission when they were first dis.
covered. But scientists approached those prob.
lems in the "established" ways. They proposed
experiments,
formulated
new theories
and
tested them. This doesn't seem to work too
well for UFOs. Why not? Are the UFOs not
really in the realm of science? Are the wrong
scientists asking the wrong questions? Is our
science too young fo deal with the phenomena?
Why do highly trained scientists, respected by
their peers, not report UFOs in a regular way?
After all, in a sample of 15 million there
should be hundreds of astronomers. leave alone
other trained observers of natural phenomena,
who must have seen UFOs. Why is it always
some fisherman (or men) or some other poor
hapless citizens out minding their own business
who have the good fortune for misfortune) of
seeing these events? Why doesn't a good UFO
sighting happen over a meeting of the Ameri-
can Astronomical Society or over Mr. Palomar?
A group of us in Atlanta saw a UFO for a
while, over the outdoor sky program on Stone
Mountain. Most realized that it was a distant
plane so it wasn't a UFO for very
long,
by
anyone's definition. But none of us knew What
sort of plane it was, so to that extent it was
still an unidentified plane. If we wanted to
National Research Council of Canada/
Conseil national de recherches du Canada
RG 77, Vol. 308
