{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-12T09:58:23Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 259194, "source_ctime_ns": 1788500753591208457, "source_file": "Canada-Library-and-Archives-UFO/documents/e003001591.jpg", "source_mtime_ns": 1788500753582156938, "source_rel": "Canada-Library-and-Archives-UFO/documents/e003001591.jpg", "source_sha256": "f732858f0c06f384762c5be488d7fe50eaae6659703ef0c2b567f8ae1b64d498"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 1067, "chars": 6845, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
faer is, the eye can only estimate the augular size (9) of the
object. This is related to the linear dimension (f) of the
object and its distance (r) by the relation e = 2/r. For an
unfamiliar object against a featureless background, the
yes of l and rare unknown. Invariably for anv
object, the brain makes some assumption, either consciously
or unconsciously. about either i or r in orderto estimate the
other. If one value is grossly in error then the other one will
be also, and the identification of the object is likely to be
totally inaccurate. The same errors apply in any estimates of
the linear velocity of the object.
Two examples of the most common errors of this type will
make this clear. A bright star or planet such as Venus is often
mistaken for a lying saucer a bout 10 meters in diameter at a
distance of a kilometer or so. In reality. Venus is 12300 km in
diameter and about 48,000,000 km away.
A bright meteor, leaving a flaming trail of hot gases 10 km
long. is hurtling at 30 km/ sec through the atmosphere 200
km away. Yet the observer interprets it as a nearby rocket-
propelled craft flying on an imminent collision course with
(b) The eye-brain mechanism.
As described in the
previous section, the eye and brain do not function simply as
a camera lens and photographic film. Only a small part of
the optical information can be transmitted and the brain can
receive information relatively slowly. What appears to
happen is that a relatively few information bits trigger
associative memories and patterns within the brain which
then more-or-less fashions an impression or model based on
its previously built-in fund of knowledge,
interpretations, and expectations. In short, the human sees
what he wants to see, what he is conditioned to see, and what
he expects to see. In the face of a surprising or frightening
situation, the distortion introduced by the brain is greater
still. Everyone is familiar with the major disagreements both
in detail and in general among testimonies given in court by
witnesses to an event.
(c) The psychology of the human. The human basically
believes what he wants to believe and sees what he wants to
see. Either consciously or unconsciously he interprets the
signals from his senses and forms his conclusions in terms of
his social conditioning and personal knowledge and
experience. For example, a modern man may think that the
meteor he sees is a rocket-propelled spaceship, but an
ancient Greek would have described it as an angry god
coming in a flaming chariot to punish him. It is believed that
many people are receptive to the extraterrestrial visitor
hypothesis because they secretly hope that a wise and
benevolent superior civilization is near at hand to help solve
the crushing problems of the world.
(d) Effect of the Mass Media. In a continued deluge of
ideas from the public media of newspapers. radio and TV.
the individual loses his capacity for individual reason and
follows the flock. The reasons are not difficult to see. In the
initial excitement of a spectacular UFO report, the media
rush the sensational details onto the front page (too often
without taking the time and effort to do even elementary
checking) and many people will believe all of this. When
they go outdoors they are conditioned to interpret almost
anything unusual that they see as a UFO. This feeds back
through the media again in an expanding wave of reports
throughout an entire area. Much later, when a detailed and,
painstaking analysis of the case may show that the original
sighting was simply a meteor or a hoax for example. this
mundane explanation is either ignored by the media or
relegated to some inner page as a filler. However the original
(erroneous) interpretation of the report
terrestrial spacecraft lives on and may even be quoted and
re-quoted throughout the UFO literature as a classical
unsolved case.
(i) Visual sightings of UFO's
The preceding section has indicated the difficulties which
the human mechanism has in observing and interpreting an
Many things of natural origin
produce the original stimulus - bright planets and stars.
meteors, aircraft landing lights and navigation lights, high
altitude balloons, aircraft contrails, sun glints from aircraft,
chemical seeding experiments in the ionosphere from
rockets, satellite re-entries, unusual cloud formations, birds.
insects, power line reflections, reflections from windows and
other surfaces, aurora, sundogs, mirages, - the list is almost
endless. Coupled with these sources are additional effects
introduced by refraction in the atmosphere, layers of ice
crystals and clouds, as well as the physiological behaviour of
the eye such as autokinesis which produces an impression of
motion of a fixed source resulting from uncontrollable
irregular movements of the eyeball.
observed from a moving vehicle. a distant fixed source of
light will appear to be following the observer. It has been
estimated by Klass that at least 50% of the UFO reports of
lights are due to the bright planets and stars.
(ii) Photographs of UFO's
A photograph of an object tends to be regarded as
incontrovertible evidence of an event. However, to one
familiar with the photographic process it is realized that
fakes are extremely easy to produce but often very difficult
to detect and disprove. A small model suspended by thin
threads or thrown in the air against a suitable background
can scarcely be distinguished from the real thing. Double
exposures, internal reflections in the lens elements, lens
aberrations, and defects and scratches in the film can
produce startling effects. It is interesting to note that in spite
of the estimated 50 billion photographs taken in the last 30
years by the estimated 80 million cameras in North America,
there is not a single photo showing a craft-like UFO which
has withstood close analysis (Klass 1972).
(illi) Radar UFO's
Electronic equipment such as radar is also subject to its
own characteristic deficiences, aberrations, faults, and blind
spots. Electronic "glitches due to circuit faults or to
interference (both internal and external sources) can lead to
false impressions of solid targets which show apparent
velocities and accelerations of which normal vehicles are not
capable. The operator of such equipment is very often not
sufficiently technically knowledgeable about the system to
recognize the source of the anomaly: sometimes the designer
manufacturer
must be consulted to learn of the
idiosyncracies of which the system is capable. In addition.
anomalous propagation effects such as atmospheric ducting
will give rise to echoes from ground targets or targets at
unusual ranges. Such radar 'angeis' can also arise from
reflections from flocks of birds and even from insects. To the
operator, these echoes with properties unlike any aircraft
may be interpreted as UFO's.
11
