{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-09-08T21:18:38Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 1, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 193068, "source_ctime_ns": 1788500728442714066, "source_file": "Canada-Library-and-Archives-UFO/documents/e003001403.jpg", "source_mtime_ns": 1788500728436108427, "source_rel": "Canada-Library-and-Archives-UFO/documents/e003001403.jpg", "source_sha256": "0ec38f8f91cee421f0e178c3c0b2b72388f3000dcc2057751a73508af7b81e38"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 1020, "chars": 6444, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
The LONDON TIMES first drew notice to the "Aurora
Borealis on July 2nd (p.12), Descriptions by correspondents
illustrate the brilliance of the phenomena which was seen by
On the 3rd (p.12), it was attributed to "curious sun
effects"; and, in the same issue (p.10), a report from Ireland
confirms both the nocturnal illumination and the sighting of
"The Recent Nocturnal Glows" are further
discussed as something of a mystery in the TIMES of July 4th.
The scientists of the British Astronomical Association, consi
dered the glows to be auroral'.
auroral displays for that time, and there was a "plainly
marked, disturbance of the magnets" that night. What bother-
ed them was when the glows were still visible the next night
"but the magnets were exceptionally quiet".
then advised the glows are merely a prolonged twilight that
"some temporary condition of the atmosphere made this
twilight much brighter and redder than usual",
suggestion of its being the result of meteors nor comets nor
Indeed, it took another twenty years for
scientists to learn that there had been an explosion over the
taiga of Siberia.
However, there is a strong suggestion that
it was similar to an carlier event, Krakatoa!
Herein we find the mystery of the Tunguska event.
The glows were favourably compared to dust clouds at a very
high altitude spewed forth by Krakatoa owing to their lurid
colour and to their growing brightness after normal twilight.
It is explained in the TIMES article that it was not until the
third circuit around the earth that the clouds from Krakatoa
reached the British Isles while spreading at a speed of 80 miles
per hour and spreading across the latitudes.
clouds of dust from Krakatoa were seen all over the globe:
and, these new sky-glows were apparently confined to the
skies of Europe, even tho the dust clouds from Siberia (if
that was what they were travelled at the prodigious rate of
Why were the sky-glows caused by
Tunguska confined to Europe and not seen in the Americas
The mystery as seen in 1908 was only slightly
"We thus see that distance is no obstacle in vast cosmi-
cal phenomena of this kind, which are world-embracing.
No volcanic outburst of abnormal violence has been reported
lately; there have, however, been some moderate outbursts
in the Pacific during the spring, and it is possible that the dust
may have reached us from these, or from some unreported
eruption in some little-known region of the world." LONDON
TIMES, July 4, 1908, p. 16 c. 4.
VOLCANOES:
Early in the morning of February 20th, the allegedly
extinct volcano Sinia in the java Dieng range in central Java
went into a violent eruption killing 182 people and injuring
many more.
Poisonous gases and flowing lava caught many
asieep and has forced the evacuation of 9,000 or more from
the area, (TORONTO STAR, February 21, p.A22).
By the
24th. it was also reported that neighbouring Sikidang crater
was also crupting and spewing forth thick clouds of black
smoke.
The only connection between the two volcanoes,
according lo scientists,
would probably be a suhterrancan
Ink. (TORONTO GLOBE AND MAIL, February 24. p. 3).
Nu explanation for the sudden eruptions was put forward.
BEASTS OF THE FIELD:
Jean-Jacques Barloy writes (on February 18th) th
Dr. Helmut Sick, a German orinthologist, discovered the
habitat of the Lear's Macaw (Anodorhynchus leari) in the state
Previously, the parrot was only known in
its captive state and obtained from local traders. Dr. Sick has
now seen as many as a score together in the wild.
measure 75 centimeters in length and possess a fine blue
Rare birds seem to have been showing up in the last few
months.
Between November 19th and December Ist, a Ross's
gull was seen on the shores of Lake Michigan at Chicago. It
has only been seen once before in 1975 near Boston when it
came south from its Arctic habitat, (NEW YORK TIMES
December 3, p. 26, and, December 17, p. 49). In November,
Rhode Island was visited by a white pelican native to the Gulf
of Mexico, a South African shelduck, and a European barnacle
goose, (NEW YORK TIMES, November 26, p. 62).
On
December 31st, a Richardson's owl was photographed at Salis:
bury, Massachusetts, for the first time in 36 years. And, soon
afterwards, a rare great gray owl was spotted at the Maine
Audobon Society headquarters in Falmouth, Colder weather
is said to have driven these owls further south than usual,
(BOSTON GLOBE, January 6, p.
3: SOUTH MIDDLESEX
NEWS, MA, January 25, p. SA). (CR: L Coleman).
An eight-pound armadillo wandered across a lawn in
Holliston,
Massachusetts, on December 23rd.
It was soon
adopted into the houschold until its original owner could be
found, or could it be a were-armadillo? (South Middlesex
News, MA, December 24, p. 1; CR: L Coleman).
Near Manitowoc, Wisconsin, (in early November?), a
hunter spotted a 40 inch long alligator on the banks of the
He deftly caught it by clamping his hand over its
closed mouth, (the best way to keep from being bitten), and
he made sure to bring it home so as not to suffer the skeptics'
No one seem bothered by the fact such an action
isn't covered by game or endangered species statutes, (SAN
FRANCISCO CHRONICLE, November 6; CR: L Coleman).
In castern Colorado, Bigfoot is being hunted by the
state's Division of Wildlife:
However, it's not the same big
foot belonging to the Sasquatch.
"This mouse once occupied
the tall grass and wet meadow habitats in Colorado, but l
can't find any really confirmed sightings since about 1955,"
says Steve Bissell, a non-game mammal specialist, (CHARLOT-
TETOWN PATRIOT, January 27).
Since December 21st, there have been a dozen sightings
of "Knobby", a hominid creature described as being six feet
tall, 200 to 300 pounds in weight, and covered in black fur.
Christened after Carpenter's Knob, in Cleveland County,
North Carolina, the creature has become most noticeable by
howling at night.
Most local residents prefer to consider
"Knobby" to just be a bear; but, after a dead goat was found
on January 14th, tracks were found by a search party from
Casar in the vicinity of Toluca
They say they were ape-like
tracks, yot in one report the tracks are described as at least
as large as a man's hand and similarly shaped, even with a
thumb like protusion". How many ape tracks they have seen
before is not certain; the Fallsion resident who found them
did not say. (GASTONIA GAZETTE, NC, January 17; CR:
1 Adams: DURHAM MORNING HERALD, NC, January 17)
