{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-09-16 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465708","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95050","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3222,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/708/mufon-5465708.json","updb_database_id":5465708}
{rjl} Object traveling quickly along a path

I was leaving the Jewel grocery store in the evening and walking across the parking lot. I noticed something that was close to where the moon was situated in the sky. At first I thought it was a balloon that someone released for sentimental or celebratory reasons and I was bored (as usual) walking home with groceries, so I watched the balloon. I noticed it started changing shape. Apparently it was more like a thick flat disc that kept flipping or turning or undulating. I couldn't tell exactly what. The surface looked like a dull orange, but most likely it was reflecting the glow of street lamps, which have that same dull orange color of Chicago's skies, I'm not sure. What seemed peculiar to me is how fast it was moving, about as fast as a small propeller airplane, and was in a slow ascent and it's path very straight. The air was very still that night, so if I was a balloon, it would've gone up and not move horizontally like that from a strong air current. It seemed to be heading toward a jet departed from O'Hare and heading east, but it seemed more of a coincidence. It eventually vanished out of sight as it rose higher and higher into the night sky. The only rational explanation is that someone had tied a half-filled mylar balloon or something like and used a drone to drag it across the sky, but the movement happened at regular intervals. I really have no idea what I was looking at. I did wonder if there was some technology I wasn't aware of. Also, I want to say that it did not appear to be ethereally or otherworldly. After much thought, I consider it an Unidentified Traveling Object. I did not record it with my smartphone although the thought occurred. I can never get good photos or videos at night with it, especially something at a distance, although now I wish I had at least tried. Just the fact that I feel embarrassed and a little silly talking about it to anyone made me realize I need to report it online somehow and that it how I came to this website. If it wasn't a hoax or drone thing, I also thought about asking other customers in the parking lot to observe it with me but I didn't want them to think I was claiming I was looking at something extraordinary, like a UFO. This just looked like an unusual object traveling across the sky, but maybe it wasn't as unusual as I thought, or maybe it was just a failed UFO hoax by someone with a drone. Whatever it was, it was unusual. I know we had the UFO sighting at O'Hare years ago, which was very spooky, but since then, I don't easily ignore things I notice in the sky anymore. Thanks for listening.
