{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-24 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483708","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76155","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2952,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/708/mufon-5483708.json","updb_database_id":5483708}
{nd} Linear black cloud at night with no visible cause until viewed under binoculars then object quickly changed direction

My mother and I were visiting at her house in South Houston a week ago. We're avid sky watchers looking for fast walkers and anything out of the normal. We've seen many strange things in the past but I've seen more than she has. I told her about an indecent before where I saw two "worm hole" looking clouds above my old house near the beach where I couldn't see any objects creating the ever lengthening formations that had the ends expanding. The night last week we were watching proved I wasn't crazy. I watched the same formation streak slowly across the night sky around 2200 hours moving from an orbital enter position to a linear South East direction. I pointed it out and shouted "that's the thing I saw before!" And she ran inside to grab binoculars because there was no visible object in the front of the "cloud". Upon tracking the black cloud I was able to observe the object which she found also. It was moving slowly in a straight line and began to slow down. The streak it was leaving began to retract slightly like it was leaving and while we watched the object we both lost sight of it suddenly. After regaining sight of it we had noticed it had drastically changed direction and was headed more South but in an upward direction. I've posted things before to MUFON in the past describing my abduction case when I was really young in which I was left with an implant in my lip but o never heard anything back, but after this incident last week I just noticed that the object in my lip has suddenly vanished leaving that part of my lip feeling slightly... Hollow?? I don't know how to say it. But now, since the last sighting I've suffered from nightmares and a headache that won't go away no matter what I do!! I'm not afraid of our intergalactic brothers, I just want someone to believe me! They've been with me since I was young  and was always OK with everything but this last time something has left me in pain. Did a new species get ahold of me? Something more malicious? And why won't MUFON investigate? I was contacted once and the investigator vanished? What's going on? Why am I afraid now? I loved my friends from before but now... Something is different. That worm hole brought in something else. I'm sure of it.
