{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-31 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505708","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53136","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2687,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/708/mufon-5505708.json","updb_database_id":5505708}
{rjl} 5 or more bright lights flying over ocean shore line in straight line. In Ocean city NJ

Was on the ocean city board walk for the new years fireworks of 2014. As we were all walking to the end of the boardwalk, there was a crowd of people all going, I looked behind me and saw on the shoreline, up in the air about 5 or more huge red-orange lights flying in a straight line. It was weird right then and there. The light itself was weird. Also the formation. I waited by the music pier building and they all eventually made there way right above it, towards the side of it and they all started to just move out of line and form nothing really..just completely got out of line and huddled near each other. Then they all started to dim but one stayed just a little bit, I started to point and say look to show my mom but everyone just kept walking like zombies to the end of the boardwalk..It was out in the open for EVERYONE to see but I don't know how many cared to stop and watch. It was decently close to us, not far at all. NO NOISE. My mom and myself watched them reappear, but they didn't stay long as they faded away again. Not reappearing after that, that I noticed. because after the lights went out we continued down the boardwalk. In all honesty, I don't know if it was some weird planes or UFO..but it sure as HELL looked like a ufo. My first feelings when I saw it was basically,"What the hell is that?"... then once we saw it up close and doing what it did, it just felt unreal, and I started to even get really scared. Its weird to think we are alone, but after seeing that, since we arent use to it, it makes you realize reality is SCARY. What bothered me is that there was tons of people on the boardwalk, it stayed kind of quiet, and no one really said a thing about those huge lights that were obviously like, look! look at me!!I didn't get to film it, I didn't even think to film it, I was to busy staring. To be honest, that night was very eerie. I think no one really cared and thought they were planes but they just didn't look like anything I have ever seen before.
