{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-08-20 06:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495708","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63722","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3672,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/708/mufon-5495708.json","updb_database_id":5495708}
{dr}Flashing red/white light like on 70s police cars w/white figure inside on ground.

The morning I was leaving for college on August 18, 1977 I was awakened by a flashing light that reflected off my bedroom windows located on the side of the house. Because the colors were exactly like what was on the top of a police car at the time, I figured a policeman must have pulled someone over in front of our neighbor's house, and the lights were just reflecting into my room. I got up to use the bathroom and saw the same flashing red/white lights coming into the bathroom window which was located on the back of the house. I stood up to peer out the window and was shocked to find something which resembled the flashing lights on police cars at the time (they were taller in 1977 than they are in 2015) on the grass in my neighbor's back yard. Inside the flashing light (shaped exactly like the bubble lights on police cars at the time), was a whitish figure. It had a head, arms and legs, proportioned similar to humans. No eyes or facial features were observed. It did not hover over the ground but appeared to be on the ground. It would stay in one place for several minutes and then dart quickly to another place 5-6 feet away and stay there for a few min. and then move again. As it moved, it left a trail of light, yet it would appear to be in one spot and then instantly be in another a few feet away. I never saw the arms or legs move. Perhaps it was because my eyes were distracted due to the continual flashing lights (like when a police officer pulls a car over and leaves the lights flashing). I observed this creature (??) for an hour from the bathroom window. It continued to move in a zig-zag pattern all over my neighbor's yard until it was at least 100 feet away from me in the north part of their yard. I could still see the lights flashing against my bedroom windows at that point, but could not see anything else. It did occur to me to go outside and investigate, but since I did not know what it would do to me, I decided to stay in the safety of my home. I was not scared that it would hurt me inside my home, but was afraid of what it might do if I went outside. I finally went back to bed, and a couple hours later my family and I left to move me to my college dorm 2.5 hours away from where I lived.

I did mention what I saw to my father but he did not believe me. Because of that I did not tell anyone else until recently. I doubt this will mean anything to anyone, but I have often wondered what it was that I saw. I was not sleep walking and I was fully awake. I am a light sleeper and the flashing lights were what awakened me. I have never seen anything like it since. I do wonder if anyone else in the world has seen something similar, which is why I'm reporting this.

I sketched what I saw at the time but don't have it on my computer now. If anyone wants a drawing, I can scan and email it. I have a doctorate degree in music and teach at a university. That is one reason it has taken me so long to report what I saw. I wouldn't want to lose my job.
