{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-22 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489708","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69904","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":13979,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/708/mufon-5489708.json","updb_database_id":5489708}
{jpg} memorial day 2015, water taxi return fm fellspt, saw obj above rt if moon over beyond harbor/downtown pratt/light, very large bright light

I took leisure trip to Baltimore inner harbor, memorial day 2014, left Camden yards light rail station to catch water taxi about 7-730pm est. Was clear bright sunny day, moon was out and cresent 25% 3/4 moon. I could see clearly from bwi light rail while waiting for train to camden yards. I planned to go to Annapolis via #14 bus from ought rail but it was too late, so I opted to take water taxi around inner harbor to fells point and canton, full roundtrip, which takes about 45min one way. Tital time I was out on water taxis was at least 1.5-2hr including waiting at fells point to transfer twice to and from during round trip to canton and rusty scupper. I accidentally took wrong shuttle taxi to one restaurant dick I had never been to before, which delayed my trip back to fells point to catch my last ferry back to inner harbor before missing the last light rail back to BWI metro bus #B30 to dc before 10-1040pm.
It was daylight when I arrived and boarded water taxi to fells point. I took severs pictures, with my other phone device until the batteries started getting low. I took full 45min trip out to canton and was on my way back to fells point when i noticed moon had risen over inner harbor downtown from my viewpoint returning toward fells, seeing all of inner harbor. I took a lot of pictures of sun setting beyond inner harbor downtown skyline...I got off at fells point, milled around waiting for taxi back to inner harbor, didn't want to miss 8-830pm last light rail Sunday holiday schedule to return to BWI metro bus #b30...
I accidentally too wrong taxi short 20+ min round trip to a restaurant dock, so I missed my last chance to return to inner harbor on time to get my bwi bus...it was nice sunset, so I didn't notice moon until about 749-750p, started taking more pictures of skyline, building lights reflecting on waters of inner harbor, sometimes with moon in pictures. About this time I notice large bright obj above moon to right. It was not visible before, during sunset nor from angles if water taxi, maybe too far in distance for my naked eyes to see earlier while it was light out, blue skies, no clouds or any obstructions such as chemtrails, or smog (visibility). None of sunset pictures had bright obj over moon area. 
After it got dark quickly by 8p, when water taxi came around corner from fells point again, I tried to rake more pictures of skyline lights and moon over inner harbor downtown beyond Pratt/light st. Obj was very large bright over moon to right of moon, closer and sometimes seem yellow or orange light though, I thought maybe was large planet, north east direction, may be north star or planet, visible before dark dusk. I was inly on taxi another 30min, rushing to catch my last light rail train to BWI, could no longer see obj over moon after 830pm at light rail, no time to see if it had moved or still constant hovering over Baltimore. 
Object seemed too large, close to be a star or planet far away, it appeared after dusk, when sun light dimmed enough for light blue sky to allow moon and bright obj to be more visible. It's possible it could have been there in sky before I could see it, but I wasn't paying attention or noticed until after It got dark wuickly after sunset beyond skyline horizon and I saw it getting closer to moin, perhaps by angle direction of water taxi turning from docks of restaurant back to fells point. I was hurrying both to get back to take pictures of sunset, moon, skyline lights reflecting on harbor, and for my train bus Sched, so when I got back on last correct water taxi from fells point to inner harbor, I had missed end of sunset/ and it was dark by the time taxi pulled around corner so I can have full cleat view of moon over inner harbor downtown skyline. I noticed large bright obj still there, closer to moon and moon also closer to earth larger and more detailed cresent 3/4 moon growing toward half/full moon. 
I didn't take note of obj until I fwd pix to Wilbur allen this June, and he commented the object appeared to be extraterrestrial and not likely a star or planet or satellite. 
I went back since lost old phone and all 11700 pictures, before losing access to my facebook account suddenly, I was able to download only images i had posted to foursquare and facebook, and twitter accounts from my old lost stolen phone memory disc, which I believe as a targeted individual that the feds secret black gov ops had purposefully intentional stolen my memory disc from my phone while it was being charged in office of transitions projects inc, supposedly fed HUD housing program for homeless veterans and general public, that discriminated again me, equal rights to services, along with other public services incl vamc hospitals in PDX dc and federal funded agencies providing public benefits services to disabled, low fixed income / SSA ssi ssdi recipients and seniors and veterans. Etc.

I sent "W" several images with the moon and large bright object over to the right of the moon. I didn't alter or edit original pictures,if anything maybe contrast at most slightly, by most were uploaded from my hence stolen devices app tweet deck to my foursquare facebook and twitter accounts. 
[Twitter Handle moved to FI Section/cms/tg] and [Twitter Handle moved to FI Section/cms/tg] are my handles last year for 8yr since 2007-2008 human rights volunteer activism for initiatives for china Npo.
I no longer have access to my facebook account but the images are in my mobile uploads folders, of which I have three for each year and device(s) that I lost, taken by Sony Xperia Z1s C6951? Model f 1/8 20.7 Megapixel camera and Nokia Lumina 521 windows 7 camera phones. I went through 4 Sony Xperia phones. Some uploaded to my google drive, some images did not because drive was not set up in all handset replacements. 
Original images are on facebook and twitter, maybe foursquare? I only recently started using my foursquare account briefly 2013-14 depended on mobile device capab ility since previous Tmobile HTC MyTouch Slide devices were stolen may memorial day 22 2011 -2012 and second myTouch handset replacement died before Dec 2013 and I was using my 10th tmobile HTC dash2 dash3G phones before they both died. I only recently purchased Sony Xperia Z1s April-June 2014. I no longer have phone handset from May 2014 that I took pictures of Baltimore moon object. I am on #5 Sony and #7 Nokia Lumina, which were both stolen defective June-July-Aug 2014. 
That's why I cannot access or review all 600-700 images I took, since losing 5devices, 2 8G data, 2 16G data card, and 3 32G data cards since 2011-2013-2014. 
All these 11700 pictures I lost in data 32G micro disc and Tmobile devices are all copyrighted material by me artist [Twitter handles moved to FI section/cms/tg] names, by USPS Postal Code for copyrighted art works by US Mail code over email and ftc federal telecommunications law protecting original works by artists Individuals owners of works via us mail and email and electronic communications, uploads to Internet by personal electronic devices computers smart phones etc. No one has permission to use my images without my explicit written permission, any stolen materials art works etc are subject to federal FTC and usps us postal code federal laws and regulations regarding copyrighted and original works by individual oq,we creators, who mail, email them self and or upload to personal pages and from personal electronic devices, are protected by consumer rights and full extent of laws, federal us and International electronic communications laws. If anyone sees my images being used by anyone other than me on line or In print material, please notify me since having over 10stolen devices and feds stealing my data and hardcopies as a target individual, from my home and storage. Thank you, my email and contact info are general inbox/no replies [] for business related and [P.O. Box moved to FI section/cms/tg] postal code. You can message me directly on twitter linkedin dot com fwd slash in fwd slash "dq" or google me at "dq"dc for my social media pages, since I no longer have access to Fbk accounts if you message me it will go directly into my Gmail inbox for "dq"dc. 
I saw this object before 8p and entire 30- 45min through 830pm and it only moved/rose slightly over closer toward moon over Baltimore Inner Harbor and downtown Baltomore Pratt/Light st intersections. I was not able to see it from Camden yards or bwi light rail metro bus stations. It was not visible to me or in my pictures before dusk sunset and I only noticed it while taking pictures of and after sunset after 740p 20min taxi to restaurant dock near gas station to boats and again 8-830p trip back from fells point to inner harbor while on harbor water taxi able to view entire skyline of Baltimore Downtown and inner harbor area, full visibility of sky moon over Baltimore Maryland. 
It was at least 45min or more, constant hovering over Baltimore, yet it could have been there before dusk and probably 1-2hr total at least since I could no longer see it from. Camden yards light rail or bwi stations. 
My phone batteries died and I couldn't take any more pictures, and only have a few that I uploaded to social media before feds stole my data card and devices were stolen and or lost died software malfunction, etc. And lost access to social Medi sue to safety issues esp with feds and stolen data as targeted individual by electronic means. I was lifted over my rollator walker device which fell and lifted over 6ft from where I was standing when device fell down reservoir rd nw before 37 st nw dc when I leaned back from falli,g forward something like direct energy machine beam lifted me up and over 6 feet beyond my upright standing position and threw me on sidewalk, causing concussion and seizures in after July 9 2014. I now suffer tbi Sci injuries post concussive syndrome, electronic zapping of brain body aka seizures since d.e.m. Beam lifted me off ground after I let go of falling walker rollator and threw me over 6ft from where I was standing upright leaning back to hold position and prevent my self body fro. Falling. I am an electronic devices targeted individual, paranormal psychic activities individual, targeted and disabled by us fed and secret black gov ops since falling injuries during my USMC NROTC scholarship training in navy Sta Tennessee and Vanderbilt Univ engineering school. I was deactivated and caused disabled by gov secret black ops because I refuse to accept their agendas and they killed my mom, causing me multiple brain spinal Injuries disabilities with over 26-28 staged accidents some seemingly physically impossible improbable and defy physics known to general public, without direct energy machines beams, that could not be possible without anti gravity direct energy machines devices. 
I have all medical evidence records to prove show what happened and cover-ups surrounding my cases.
Google me #"dq"dc @"dq"dc #"dq" @"dq" since 1993 [link moved to FI Section/cms/tg] former profile 
Original "dq" profile on geocities yahoo hotmail 1993-1996-1999 before yahoo bought geocities, before hotmail deactivated accounts i, 6months. I am same person being targeted by secret black ops. I am I appeals with VA and dc for disability public benefits. My pen name is anonymous but easily found by fed records search to my legal name which I never use on internet since Vanderbilt NROTC USMC honorable discharge die to medical / disability sciatica nerve neuromuscular disorders chronic pain and multiple injuries by staged "incidents" to cause me harm, attempted murder assaults since 1994 mva totaled in rear end collision by Dr john franks vu medical, having my first conscious out of body experience may 1994. Prior to this I was always paranormal psychic abilities ran in my mom's side of family from European Celtic secret family background. I am direct descendant of ancient nomadic tribe and Celtic High Priestesses, my mom was ruler of Atlantis in her past lifes. 
Psychic phenomena and paranormal activity have been confirmed by other Individuals who have simultaneously experienced paranormal psychic activities with me. I cannot release their names due to privacy rights. We remain anonymous, because I and my entire family are targeted Individuals. 
Thank you for your understanding, cooperation, and I don't trust you or anyone else either. After 26-28 staged Incidents to cause me harm injuries disabilities, attempted murder, almost killed many times. I am Leary of all.
