{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1982-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488708","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70930","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2326,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/708/mufon-5488708.json","updb_database_id":5488708}
see description below

when watching this display, i thought it would be all over the front page of everynewspaper on vancouver island. for some reason i told myself to always remember this unbelievable experiance, and it was. there was a pulsing almost a heartbeat i could feel coming from this craft. i felt as if it was aware of me , perhaps because it did not only change direction but came towards the highway in a blink of a eye. i watched this while diving a 75 vw Beetle and was the only person on the Malahat highway while this went on, obviously this car had little to no electronics , i dont know if that meens anything, the cars performance was not effected. I watched the display of changing directions for about 1-2 minutes but it sure seemed longer at the time. as said before by other folks, it took off like the strship on startrack the tail end of light catching up to it and just gone... it was the most incredable experiance i have felt and seen with its leaving of our planet... this was many years ago, this was a experiance that was important to me, there is no way this was from earth and no mistake for my experiance, incidentually, iam not sure if this is related but, shortly after i had a dream and in this dream i remember part of it seeing colors in the sky, the incrediable thing was.. i have never seen these colors on earth before, i can really even discribe them and while dreaming i was even saying that to myself how amazing the colors were and i have never seen them...i could ad more, but, ill leave this for now... i have only discussed this with 3-4 people in over 30 years, i just thought to share with you as you may have so many challanges.. i have no doubt, we all will be believes soon.
