{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-30 20:37:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489507","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70105","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3820,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/507/mufon-5489507.json","updb_database_id":5489507}
{dr}Maby military, I live between Edwards AFB, and Lockheed. but no noise, 30 mph,familiar with most aircraft. 1st, danced round each other. then 1 flew over, other stayed hovering bout 3 miles away. I am rational and scientific, either top secret or e.t.

I was on my way home from a friends house and was driving east on Ave P approaching 50th st E. ( 8:30 pm Very dark, city lights behind me to the west) when out of nowhere, 2 extremely bright lights appeared at the exact same time. One over the other in a staggered position. This is the time that I pulled over. And I could see another vehicle two or three football fields in front of me pulled over. For reasons unknown. I would guess that time the lights were both 3 miles away from me to the east. Then the light on top moved and was exactly above the other. Then they started to move in strange ways. But always in sync, and almost same distance from each other the entire time they danced. Then just one of the lights started moving west southwest, towards where I pulled over, it took a few minutes to get to me, my guess would be about 30 to 40 miles per hour. I will also guess it was about three quarters of a mile above me. It never stopped, never wavered, it just flew very slow and very straight, mind you the other light it was dancing with is still hovering in the exact same place it was before. the entire time of the dance I was trying to plug in my phone and snap a picture, or better yet a video. But I had less than 5% battery life so I could not snap a picture or take a video. But my phone worked enough, & I called my girlfriend who was not close enough to see anything, but that is how I know the event was at 8:37 p.m. because I looked at the time I called her. As it flew over at a very very slow pace, (I now see its a somewhat triangular shape craft) I could not hear anything and I hear these planes over my head all day long. Even after it was about two miles past me, still could not hear a thing. But the other light was still shining very very brightly in the same exact spot. I hang up with my girlfriend, and started to drive home once again.( entire event lasted 8 to 12 minutes) Since I was driving I could not constantly keep my eyes on the stationary craft to the east, ( I am now driving north, after taking a left on 50th Street East, now with the stationary object to my right) after about 4 minutes of driving north I could not see the craft to my right any longer. 

Lol that was a very interesting drive home after the event. I have always believed there is life in the cosmos, I watch the mufon show, ancient aliens, and UFO Hunters, but I never thought I would see anything. I am very rational, I always try to debunk or find a rational answer for things. And yes there are jets flying over in that area constantly, but I saw what I saw, I have never seen anything move so mathematically perfect to one another sitting in one spot. When they were dancing, their movements we're not wavering, they were like a slow jerking motion. Never off key, they were in sync throughout the entire dance. I'm sorry I have no pictures 4 videos, so I'm not sure if this was a waste of time or not. Thank you for listening have a good day...
