{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486507","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73199","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2766,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/507/mufon-5486507.json","updb_database_id":5486507}
{cak} My mother and I woke up to an amplified jet like sound inside of our house. It persisted for 3 minutes. It was extremely loud, like a hydraulic truck lifting tons of weight inside our house.

At approximately 5:00 am on the morning of December 16 2015 I happened to wake up in bed feeling nausea's. After a couple of minutes later I heard this loud amplified jet like sound radiating inside of our house. It was so loud that my mother woke up terrified of the sound, shouting to my uncle across the house to wake up because of this extremely loud machine/hydraulic truck like sound radiating inside of our house. Now when I heard my mom I replied by telling her it was a street sweeper truck outside. She then went down stairs while this horrifying sound was still occurring to check outside of the house and and while she opened the door she reported that the sound was entirely gone. Now at this time around 5:00 am it is unlikely for our neighborhood street sweep to clean early in the morning. They come on the second or third week of each between 11:00 am to 3:00pm. And if it was a truck outside it is impossible to sound that loud inside of our house, no one was outside at that time as my mom reported. Later that morning I didn't think about it an nor did my mom until later that after noon with it rang a bell in my mind that whatever happened that early morning was bizzare and unusual. I started to add the pieces together and I came to a conclusion that I was under the control of the aliens, that they made me believe it was a street sweeper outside when there was no such thing during that time of 4:45am to 5:00am on decmember 16 2015.I also beleive that the heavy machinary like sound that occurred inside of my house for 3 minutes was actually their flying saucer, it was partially entering our house. And as my uncle being an alien abtuctee he confirmed when I explained the sound to him that he said their flying saucer was inside of our house. Now when my mom tired to wake him up he couldn't wake up and fell right back asleep. My mother and I witness this amplified sound inside of our house then after few minutes it was gone and the house became silent.
