{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-05-10 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492507","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67029","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3142,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/507/mufon-5492507.json","updb_database_id":5492507}
{rjl} Came from a area w/ power lines

Back in around 1974 thereabouts after retirement and living in Government Canyon and sitting in a Lazy Boy chair a UFO came up from behind a mountain and went South at a speed I calculated at 6000 MPH in less than two and a half seconds and that means they had to have inertial dampening or a person would have been a greasy spot on one side of the UFO. The next day it came up from beyond the same mountain and headed South East and same speed and showed no signs of propulsion did not make any sound such as breaking the sound barrier, no protrusions showing such as a cockpit, was a grayish gun metal color and did not reflect light as a shiny object would. One wold have had to be looking at the place it came up from or else one would not see it as it gores so fast and if one looked away and back it would be gone. Like a bowl put together with a flange all the way around it but the rest was smooth.

They are here and have been most likely for perhaps billions of years and I 1say that because objects were found in Africa, metal balls with groves around the equatorial region and they date back in time of 2.8 billion years! So many anomalies everywhere that cannot be explained otherwise!

Another incident that happened to me was in a Safeway store and a at least seven foot tall man was talking to a cashier that had angered me at another time and I had detrimental thoughts about her and then turned my thoughts to the man and he had a long wool black coat on as it was winter time and my thought was I wonder if he is one of the men in black and have no idea why I had that thought but when I kept walking and got even with that aisle my right arm went up into the air and I did a military right face and he was looking down his nose at me. I looked him up and down a couple of times and he was wearing a Tuxedo and had on a red cummerbund and wearing a light blue shirt with the frilly stuff down the middle and he looked a bit like Parnell Roberts but wasn't him of course. The only thing I thought later was that he had read my thoughts and caused me to face him because he wanted a look at me. I just wish I had thought that at the time and would have requested to get acquainted, because if he was as I later thought, from some where else in our Universe I sure would have liked to talk with him.

I am 89 years old now but was a combat aircrewman and I see them call FOO Fightersa as if a French word and the they told us it was Flying Object Observed. Te pilots saw them a lot then in 1944.
