{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288507","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114860","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2249,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/507/mufon-5288507.json","updb_database_id":5288507}
Light

I've seen many satellites either taking off, orbiting, or burning up in the atmosphere. This was different. I was outside looking at the moon and suddenly a twinkle, a blink, a sudden flash as if to say 'hello', greeted me, it appeared to be far away almost as if a star not visible to the naked eye suddenly brightly lit up. It blinked again a minute or so later in what seemed a fixed location and then no more. It was smaller than any intermittently flashing satellite I've seen which are,.in my experience, brighter, easy to follow as they're taking off or easy to see when not flashing or on their reentry burn up. This was very close to the moon and a few nights later I witnessed the same thing again by the moon as if it was appearing there knowing I'd be looking, not gazing, but just having a look. It seemed both times to not have changed its position and the bright flash seemed pretty high up. I've laid out on the roof and watched on countless nights but never anything like this. It seemed almost an acknowledgment of me or I felt a connection to it. I said hello, but on both occasions just two flashes then no more. All else I've ever seen, and as you well know, you look out long enough you'll see all sorts of things but with a little research, I could soon ID whatever it was. I just have never seen a fixed flash of light with a minute or so interval in-between lighting up so far away seeming. So I thought it worth reporting. I wish I had more to tell but it was as simple as that but it did not appear to move it appeared to be pretty far away and the flash was bright and then darkness and always right next to the moon.
