{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453507","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108118","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4757,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/507/mufon-5453507.json","updb_database_id":5453507}
{rjl} Multiple UFO 's observed over Gloucester MA

I was walking "Good Harbor Beach" when I noticed an energy that's unexplainable. A sixth sense energy. I first observed 2 flashing red lights, one directly over the other to the west. I stopped to observe and it made some abrupt altitude changes before one of the lights disappeared below the tree line leaving the other object in place. I then noticed to the east a brilliant, "Ice white" light descending from the sky rapidly and heading down toward me. It stopped maybe 10-15 feet from me. I think I may have irritated it but trying to film it and lighting a cigarette. It then raised its altitude before briefly turning red and disappearing. Like a light shut off.
 Also observed 3 white craft and one red craft over the ocean. People, I believe, would have just assumed they were ships and pay no attention.  I watched them for 2 hours and they seemed fully aware of my presence.  Toyed with me. One in particular would duck behind a small island only to reappear.  All 4 were never seen at the same time. Usually 2-3 and usually the white ones. They continually changed directions and would travel whit looked like over a mike to me and then do it again in the exact opposite heading.  I was beginning to get the feeling that they were waiting for me to leave. As if I were preventing them from fulfilling some sort of objective.  I began walking home when I observed 2 bright triangle shape craft about 1/4 mile away and I also saw a red luminous rectangular craft hovering just above the river moving swiftly but silently toward the beach I had left minutes earlier. I began walking back toward the beach to see if I could get another look at the red machine but noticed that 2 of the white lights over the water no longer appeared to be in the distance on the horizon but were intensified and appeared to be allot closer.
 I think because the glowing red rectangular machine reminded me of an Emergency vehicle I decided to not precede but turn back and go home. I felt like whomever they are, they might be having an issue and I've already interfered to much.
 It was 230 a.m. when I began walking home in earnest.  I was followed for most of my journey by lights and at least one metallic non light, kind of scary looking cylindrical thing . I stopped at a 7/11 convenience store briefly and when I came out, I no longer could find anything following me but what I didn't realize is that I also list 2 hours. I left the beach at 230. The walk home with a stop takes 30 minutes.  I arrived home at 4:30 a.m.
 These objects were all under intelligent control and none of them were even hiding and anyone could have seen them if they would only look. (They don't look) I believe I could show people these things because I've learned what to look for. (Apparently)
 The take away was a little nerve racking. Not only are they here but they seem to be running pretty large operations in plain sight. I think what I saw would terrify an unprepared person 
 I took pictures of the white triangle crafts and a short video of the light that came out of the sky at me.
