{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-06 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522507","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33556","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5216,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/507/mufon-5522507.json","updb_database_id":5522507}
UFO sighting - Testimony

UFO sighting - Testimony

Gentlemen,

I would like to present my testimony about the sightings of UFOs, I had to witness the amazing surprise when observing the moon through an amateur telescope.

The reason that leads me to present this document is in the hope that, through its dissemination, it is possible to find new witnesses - which certainly exist - and thus, consolidate and confirm the truth of fact.

Echoing the other testimonies and proven, I hope to contribute to the official recognition of this extraordinary and transformative reality that is alien presence on Earth.

I am an agronomist, graduated from the Federal University of Lavras (UFLA), and working in indigenous communities in the Amazon since 1998. Currently, I live in S1o Paulo-SP, and despite what may seem, during the 13 years he has worked in favor of said local sightings, such as the Amazon rainforest, have never witnessed any phenomenon that could be classified as alien nature. This fact does not make me a skeptic, however, doubt has always been a constant when I encountered it.

But now I am forced, in his own eyes, to recognize that we are actually visited by beings who at least have a sufficiently advanced technology to move into space at great speed. Other questions and implications that raises the issue, I dare not speculate, I reserve just beginning research on a sincere search for the deeper truth of the UFO phenomenon.

My recent interest in UFO's, began in April 2011, when I attended the 7th Meeting of Ufology, in the city of Peru1be, south coast of SP. Later, I had the pleasure of attending the lecture entitled "The alien presence in the space program," delivered in the House Counselor in SP in the month of July.

The phenomenon in question took place on August 6, 2011, at around 23:00 / 23:30, and had a maximum duration of approximately 06 seconds only. I was on top of Ed Indiana, 5 floors, located in the borough of Brooklyn, south of Sao Paulo, with a bezel (pictured) brand Yamato (D = 60mm and F = 700MM, objective 6MM H), preparing to focus on the moon, which was, on occasion, currently the fourth-growing.
Specs brand Yamata


Just when it focused on the moon, an object colored black crossed in the right corner of the field of view telescope, vertically from top to bottom, relatively close to the lunar surface at a speed not too fast nor too slow, accompanied by an interesting trail also faded to black pass (with photo design. 1). The photos below were taken shortly after the sighting.


Photo to drawing. 1

Absolutely confused by what he had seen, I adjusted a bit more field of view when the object again crossed the lunar surface, this time, horizontally, from left to right at the bottom of the telescope's field of view, apparently at the same speed, followed the trail also black (photo with drawing. 2).


Photo to drawing. 2

At this point believing that the phenomenon could be repeated, adjusted the telescope's field of view in order to fill it completely with the view of the moon, in order to better observe and describe the object, or what could be. At the same instant, the object once again crosses the entire center of the telescope's field of view, more or less near the "equator" of the moon, leaving its trail at a speed equal to the other two appearances (photo with drawing. 3). At that moment, I noticed, though blurred, a disk-shaped dome of the object.


Photo to drawing. 3

Gentlemen, deny or doubt the existence of such objects would be to deny the operation of my own eyes or at least admit that I have vision problems grim-faced, if not worse, of sanity.

I ask that in order to help me pass information about similar sightings or even witnesses who had this astounding vision. I would like to share this experience, which is significantly changing paradigms internal personal imprint even spiritual.

I believe it was not the only one to observe the phenomenon. Someone who, at the same time, was focused with an instrument, amateur or professional, certainly had the same experience. Finding such a person would be essential to support further testimony, giving it the credibility it deserves so that we can consolidate this reality.

I thank for your time and look back.

Marcelo Cantu1rio Gusm1o
