{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-25 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494507","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64962","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2576,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/507/mufon-5494507.json","updb_database_id":5494507}
{rjl} Two stationary lights off the FL coast in Brevard County, FL

At approximately 2200 hours, 042515, I walked out onto my oceanfront balcony. I looked just south of my building at a group with a small fire on the beach. The object(s) caught my attention because of their location and color. The lights were reddish-orange in color, unblinking, not moving, and one appeared either a little further away, or slightly lower than the western most light. The distance from me could not be determined, but was south of Melbourne Beach, and north of Sebastian Inlet, FL and over the ocean. There were light clouds, but stars were visible. I watched them for a minute or so to determine if they were moving or blinking in a manner to indicate an aircraft and detected no movement, no change in color, or no intensity in brightness. I went to the patio door and jokingly told my wife to come outside, that there were two UFOs. She was reluctant to get up and I went back to watching them. She came out about a minute later and I pointed them out to her. I asked her if she had ever seen anything like them, and she replied no. At this point she turned to go get our binoculars. As soon as she turned the lights disappeared. No flash, no diminishing in size or color, they were just gone.

We live just south of Patrick AFB. We spend a lot of time out on our balcony watching the ocean, and the stars at night. I previously served in the US Army over 10 years and am very familiar with both air and land launched flares. These were not flares. We are also familiar with the flight pattern at Patrick, because there is limited flight activity. Most is by cargo type C-131's from a reserve unit assigned there. Their flights take them on a path normally over our building in a northeasterly direction over the Atlantic, before turning north toward Patrick for touch and go landings. Their flights at night are rare, and there has been no flight activity at Patrick over the past 48 hours.
