{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1983-07-20 05:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481507","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78502","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4245,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/507/mufon-5481507.json","updb_database_id":5481507}
{cak} Oval/Disk shaped. Perfectly round circles windows/portholes, perfectly spaced,all around main body. Bright beaming white light projected thru each window.

I was traveling cross country and had just checked out(very early) of a motel. Driving West on Interstate 70 about 100 miles east of Kansas City (in Missouri).It was very early in the morning, right around dawn/twilight.The sun was just about ready to rise.There were heavy dark clouds very low to the ground all around. The kind of clouds that would probably turn into summer rain storms later in the day.There were large fields of tall corn on both sides of the road. I had the drivers side window down, finishing a cup of coffee, driving about 55-60 mph. I was admiring the beautiful scenery when I noticed a light glowing inside the dark low cloud to my left (south). It kept getting brighter and brighter when suddenly the object/UFO appeared, drifting at a slight angle forward, down out of the bottom of the cloud. The UFO was moving very slowly,almost hovering, parallel to my car heading west. When it came out of the cloud, it disturbed the bottom of the cloud, creating/pulling a wisp/swirl in the cloud. The UFO had a slight detectable wobble, but then straightened out as it began to pick up some speed, moving due west above the corn fields, parallel to my car. As it picked up speed it began to pull away from my car. I sped up to about 75-80 to try and keep up, the whole time I had my head out the window looking in amazement at this beautiful object as it moved ahead, right below, under the dark cloud, but fully exposed in plain sight. The UFO then slowed down, again to almost a hover, wobbled a little and then ascended upward, back into the cloud. My car caught back up to it as it disappeared back into the cloud, the bright light of it fading away.I'm not exactly sure how long this sighting lasted, but I would guess about 5 minutes or so. My immediate impression at the time was that the UFO was hiding, using the low, dark cloud as cover, and that it came down to take a look around, then went back up to hide itself again.

It was a flattened oval shape, not really a disk.
Perfectly round portal type windows evenly spaced around the middle.
Intense bright white light beaming out of each portal.
Gold/Bronze/Copper, dull metallic in color.
No doors, openings, railing or any other protrusions. 
Totally smooth on top and bottom. Smooth all around. Seamless windows.
Exact size? Guessing it would fit onto a football field.
The UFO was not spinning or rotating. 
The windows/portals maintained same position while craft moved. 
It made no detectable noise at any time during the observation.
It tilted slightly forward on descent and ascent.
It wobbled when hovering or moving very slowly. 
It acted like it was being controlled. Steered. Directed at all times.

I had a good 8 hours sleep before my drive. I was very much alert/awake. I had just stopped before the sighting to get gas and a coffee. I have no history of mental illness or hallucinations. I don't drink or do drugs. I felt the wind in my face and even pinched myself to make sure it was real. It was a totally real experience, and I'm so happy the UFO let me see it so clearly. There was nobody else on the road except for a 18 wheeler truck coming the other way, heading east. I looked at the drivers face as we passed each other. He was unaware/oblivious to the UFO.

This happened to me over 30 years ago. I've only told a few family and friends about it. I'm so grateful for the experience! I didn't have a camera at the time, but I can draw a picture if requested.

Philip
