{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-03-03 01:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548507","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"9940","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4508,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/507/mufon-5548507.json","updb_database_id":5548507}
Saw craft, several lights, all on film.

It was Friday, March 1st 2008 when I decided to go outside around 1 in the morning. It was very cold out and I had been cooking a breakfast/dinner type deal. For some reason, I decided to go outside and pee, depsite the freezing temperature. While looking West, I'd noticed a star shimmering in the sky and changing multiple colors--not the usual red and blue. This caught my eye and I ran inside and got my brother from the shower. He came outside and, through the binoculars, we could distinctly see an object, NOT a star, NOT a planet, changing colors. We decided to get closer so we jumped in his car and drove about five miles North on Highway 441. We reached an RV park and began filming with my JVC High Definition Camcorder. The camera was not steady on a tripod but I got it on film changing colors and such. We decided to go home and see if it was in the same position. It wasn't. We could no longer see the object. The duration of this was about fifteen minutes. The next night I looked outside at the same time in the same position, and it was no longer there. 

Now, three days later, March 3rd: My brother, myself and two others were going to the gym. We had been talking about the UFO video. My brother, R, decides to check the sky once more and, alas, the light in the sky further south, towards a very large lake in my area called LAKE APOPKA. It is the third largest lake in the state. We jump in my car and drive to the lake where we get out, with the camera and binoculars, and see the light hovering over a city known as Clermont. It was sitting well below the light pollution line and seemed to be about ten miles away. It very faintly disappeared. We caught it on film. Then, behind us, we see two lights, appearing out of nowhere, hovering North of the lake, about ten-fifteen miles away. I get out my camera and film the pulsation lights as they sit there, not moving. My dad is an airline pilot, so my brother and I know what a plane looks like. It sat in the same spot for over three minutes before silently, changing from two lights to three, moves across the lake to the East. It disappeared behind trees. We sat there for some time and another pulsating light appeared in the East, directly above the tree line.
We filmed it as well. After about twenty minutes we decided to leave where we met up with a few friends at my house. They all left and it was my brother who, after getting a distinct "euphoric" (as he describes it) feeling, telling him to go to the lake. We jump in the car with the camera and binoculars. We call our friend J (who witnessed the lights with us earlier inthe night.) He tells us to come to his house where there is a light that has been hovering towards the south. We arrive at his place and see the light... except now it is west, sitting just above the treelines. I grab my camera, binoculars and tripod and set up. I get the light on film. NOW here's what scares us the most. From what we saw, the light moved across the sky right to left, before disappearing beyond the trees. What was caught on film was the light merely dipping out of the sky. There is so much more I would prefer to talk to a person directly. All four of us who witnessed the event are skeptics, and this is a life changing thing. I am most likely going to call the MUFON number to speak directly to a person. I believe I might have definitive evidence UFOs exist. At least I hope so. Our feelings during th event were mixed. We were all very excited and euphoric and felt very special to be touched by such an event. When I saw the lights move in the sky, despite it not being on camera (I believe the aliens tampered with the evidence) I knew, in my soul, that UFos are real. Please, any help or advice you can offer would be great! I'm willing to provide more information and answer any questions you might have. Please email or call me anytime.
