{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-04 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530507","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24971","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2438,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/507/mufon-5530507.json","updb_database_id":5530507}
Bright white spherical objects darting around in a shocking way.

We were in the house still buzzing about a strange object we saw about an hour earlier when I looked out the front window (facing east) and saw a strange car sitting at the end of the street with only its parking lights on. I called my mom over to take a look and a few seconds later she suddenly said "Look, a white light!1 I immediately looked in the direction she was looking to see a white spherical star-like white flashing light darting around in an amazing and shocking way. We looked at each other and said "Airplanes don't do that!1 We were startled as we continued to watch the object and right before our eyes a second object of the same sort appeared right behind the first. It almost looked as though they were playing chase in the sky in an erratic way. At that point I said "I'm gonna get the camera" as my mom continued to watch. Just as I rushed away to get the camera, I heard my mom say "Oh my God, one of them just shot off so fast, it almost left a trail of light!" and just as quickly, it returned again. Very strange. But if that wasn't strange enough, things got weirder. I couldn't get pictures because the backlight on the camera was too bright in the pitch dark and prevented me from seeing the objects. We continued to watch until a plane came through almost in the direction of the objects. As soon as the plane got close, the objects disappeared. Once the plane passed through the area, they showed up again. This happened twice. And again after the second plane passed, they returned again soon after. Almost like they were hiding. That left us feeling very uneasy. We didn't know what to think. As air traffic picked up, they disappeared one last time never to be seen again.  This happened at about 10:45 pm in northern Illinois. August 4th, 2010
