{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-09-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505507","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53343","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3561,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/507/mufon-5505507.json","updb_database_id":5505507}
{nd} Array of white lights traversing New York City late night sky silently and swiftly from west to east

I have just received a phone call from an investigator about a recently reported sighting, and after the brief call concluded, I wondered whether or not I should have mentioned another sighting I had several decades before. Here is the brief accounting of that sighting, although the accuracy of the details has faded a bit with time, some aspects remain quite strong.

It was a late summer night in New York City, from 1979 to the early 1980s. I was in my late 20s, and hanging out with a friend on his Soho apartment rooftop on Sullivan Street and Prince Street several blocks from my Thompson and West 3rd Street home. It was probably well after midnight to 1:30 in the morning, and we were enjoying the comfortable summer night air and skygazing from reclining metal and web lawn chairs. The night sky in New York is brighter than most because of building illumination, but many stars were visible. (I know there were many visible stars in the sky because it made it that much harder for me to direct my friends attention to what I later saw). I recall marvelling at the sheer number of stars and at some point remarking offhandedly to my friend, "Wouldnt it be neat if we could see a UFO?" Within 20 minutes of that silly remark, I shouted "Look!" and extended my right arm towards the stars tracing a formation of white light dots racing across the sky from west to east. I probably didn't notice them among the stars until they were 20 to 35 degrees above the western horizon travelling at great speed in a straight line overhead from west to east. From the second I saw them and shouted "Look!" and my friend responded but couldnt see where I was pointing among the stars. He shouted "What?" and I shouted back "UFOs!" and quickly started counting them. This was hard to do as there were anywhere from 5 to 7 of them and they were moving very fast, in the same direction, although their relative distance from one another shifted rather like birds migrating, some moving closer to one another, then farther apart, some shifting forward, crossing over, others moving back. This made it hard to determine the exact number. Before I could complete the count overhead with my skytracing arm of one, two, three, four, five...(and verbalize six and seven) they were past my range of vision behind my head and to the east. I recall ruling out planes or birds because they were white only and moved fast enough to have created a sonic boom but were silent. I don't think they were either brighter nor dimmer than any of the other stars or my friend would likely have quickly spotted what I was seeing and distinguished them from the stars. The only difference was that the were moving, and the way and speed in which they were moving.

I realize that the lack of more specific details makes this report worth very little, but decided to file it anyway.
