{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-08 13:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292507","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110815","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3037,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/507/mufon-5292507.json","updb_database_id":5292507}
Star like object with another blinking object near by

I Used to work for mufon so I know how important it is to submit these reports feel free to call for more info.

UFO sighting today Aug 8th 2020 at around 1:30 ish pm I was noticing that a FedEx plane was very low in the sky turning West going west back to the airport or to the airport seemed odd that it would be so low I kept looking at the plane and then I noticed what appears to be a large star the size of Jupiter...45 degrees in the sky it was still and didn't move for the two + minutes that I stood there... tried to take video with my phone obviously because it was so sunny I couldn't see it with the phone. Ran inside grab my binoculars at this point I couldn't see it when I came back outside but then saw it 30 seconds later when my eyes were able to adjust after I blocked out the sign at this time it was a little bit smaller and more towards Southwest at 50 or 55 degrees. quickly pulled up my binoculars to see what I could see it appear to be a white translucent object not sure if it was translucent and had a frame structure that was darker or it did look like there was some kind of structure to it possibly a balloon or a weird octagon shape or other ? Although that would have had to have been a giant balloon. Or possibly my binoculars could have been out of focus and caused it to look this way but I don't think so. ( Actually just pulled them out they are set to look at the stars perfectly )
what is interesting is when I could sort of steady the binoculars on the object I did notice a secondary light source that was just above it into the left this light source appeared to be very small like a blinking light that would randomly blink. Now that was the weird part.
I forgot that I was cooking on the grill and my hamburgers were done so I had to put the binoculars down for a second and go turn off the grill when I came back to it a few minutes later I am not sure if I was able to see it. oh yeah at that point I ran inside to grab sunglasses which took a few minutes came back outside. Thought My sunglasses would give me a better chance of seeing it I could not relocate the object. went into the front yard to try to respot the object and could not. It was very hot outside today and very bright like I was saying by the time it got to the Southwest and the sun is overhead in the south it's hard to see virtually anything I had to put my hand up.
