{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-18 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530224","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25258","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5049,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/224/mufon-5530224.json","updb_database_id":5530224}
(3) objects. first solid orange, second solid red, third solid white.

I was on a business trip in Michigans upper peninsula, in an area known as the Keewaknaw Peninsula. This is the northermost portion of the upper peninsula, and is sparsely populated. My 16 y/o son was with me. We were driving back from Agate Beach on a remote back road, approx. 20 miles from the only main highway in that region, Hwy 41. It was 8:07 pm, EST. The orange light first appeared at this time. It was off to our right side, over the lake. We were ascending in elevation from the lake and had a beautiful view of an expanse of lake superior. The light was out over the lake. It seemed to large to be aircraft lights, and was moving in a slow, irregular pattern. The light seemed to be a long distance away, and getting a perspective of its size in relation to distance away was difficult, for its size and intensity of light was changing so rapidly. my son and I became somewhat nervous, becuase we were literally in the middle of nowhere. The nearest house with occupants was maybe 6 miles away. by the time we arrived at Hwy 41, the orange light moved inland and was to our south, still visible the entire time, now seeming to stay in one spot. About 12 miles soth on Hwy 41, there was a large valley with steep hills on both sides, which is about 4 mies across. When we got to the top of the other side of that valley, the orange light had disapeared. Jupiter was now visible, low in the Eastern sky. About 10 minutes later, the orange light appeared to our east. It was very large now, and the color was very intense. Both the light and jupiter were visible. The light began to move close to the horizon, and seemed to be following the terrain. Both my son and I were becoming really "weirded out". The light stayed in the eastern sky another 40 minutes, then suddenly dissapeared. It seemed it had just "gone out", it had not moved. 5 minutes or so later we arrived in the small town of Bruce Crossing, which consisted of a bar and a small truck stop. We stopped here to use the bathroom, and asking the person at the counter if anyone had seen anything, a trucker mentioned that, as traveling west on Hwy 28, he had seen "a large orange ball to the east". As we got to our van, I looked East and saw nothing. we then turned onto Hwy 28, Westbound. about 5 minutes later my son yelled out "look behind us, there it is!" As I looked the East over my shoulder, I noticed an intense, small red light, just above the trees, just to our south, and the orange light was in the East, higher in the sky than previously. I pulled to the side of the road to text my wife (we now had signal for the first time since Houghton) and tell her what was happening. It was 11pm EST. When the van came to a stop, the red light was gone. when i finished my text and began driving, the red light "came on". My window was down, so it wasnt a reflection. A minute or so later my son yelled "what the hell is that!?", and was watching a small, intense white light moving crazily through the trees, to our right. This white light zipped over, and around our van, while the red light to our left stayed motionless. The red light seemed very close, and the white light seemed to be the size of a softball. As the white light moved into the trees, it lit up a small area dimly wherever it went. I began to think I should turn around and get back to Bruce Crossing, as the next town was 12 miles away on Hwy 28. I texted my wife " I am afraid" at 11:10 EST, which she received at 11:13, CST, she texted back at 11:15(time on my phone), asking if we were ok, and she recieved my response of "I'm really scared" at 11:18. But upon looking at what time I sent that text, my phone showed 11:40. we arrived in the next town, Bergland, where we were staying at a friends motel for the night, at 11:51. The lights were gone, and seem to have been gone for maybe 10 minutes, or so. I cannot explain the extra time it took to travel between the 2 towns, nor can either my son or I remember exactly how the lights disapeared. The next morning as we left, heading back to Minneapolis, I began to get the feeling I had been "read" by the red light. I cannot explain it any other way. My sons memory of the incident and mine match up until the last part with the red and white lights. looking back and remembering, my son nor I felt terror, as much as just scared, and in awe of the whole situation.
