{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-11-06 17:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5457224","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104350","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2471,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/224/mufon-5457224.json","updb_database_id":5457224}
This was not an aircraft or satellite.

I will just let the video do most of the talking. To give my submission some extra credibility, I have known aircraft my whole life. I assisted my father in working on them as an assistant mechanic to co-piloting with him in his private plane when I was younger. I currently work as a lead ramp agent at my local airport so I am usually aware of what aircraft are in our local skies and even some flights just passing over thanks to the use of flight apps. Additionally, I also enjoy amateur astronomy so I know the difference between a satellite and a meteor. My story begins when I was leaving my home to go back to work from my break when I seen this flash in the sky that at first I thought was a meteor because of how bright it was. My eyes still somewhat fixed in the same direction I seen it flash again which began to get my full attention. I was wondering what I was seeing at first as all the typical things it could be were slowly being eliminated in my further observations. I got a little excited and got my boys to come and see. My oldest suggested we film it and he got this on his Ipad. The travel path was linear so I myself remain a bit skeptical as to exactly what it is but by every definition it was a UFO, maybe not alien but a UFO. I have never seen a satellite, meteor or conventional aircraft flash like it was a giant camera taking pictures to going extremely dim to bright then flash again with no apparent pattern that aircraft usually have. Typically the jets that fly over daily leaving contrails at thier higher altitudes can be heard fairly easily. This appeared to be flying lower than that and we couldn't hear a thing. It was by far the strangest thing in the sky I have seen in my whole life.
