{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-22 14:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291224","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112112","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4397,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/224/mufon-5291224.json","updb_database_id":5291224}
Nest camera recording of ufo moving extremely fast at high altitude that appears to pass through a portal into the atmosphere and leave through portal

Ufo was captured from a northward pointing Nest camera in my backyard of my home. The object appears out of a spot that appears suddenly and then as the spot it exited from, disappears, it creates and enters a new spot or portal that it hits directly. The portal slowly dissipates in place afterwards. This situation happens in a fraction of a second and on the camera recording it is only a combination of about 6 frames or so. If the object was 20 ft across for example, it would have to be at least a few hundred feet above the ground. I admittedly have been reviewing the camera feed for about 6 months every day because during the summer, my wife saw a flash shoot across the sky in the evening while walking our dogs alone. This event was high speed as well and was not like a shooting start from what she described. The object that we caught in the Nest camera feed was first a bright circle and in the next moment was a grey color as if it was engulfed in a sort of fog before entering the portal or point that had manifested. At that point the spot disappears slowly in the next frame or two. One important fact that I noticed upon further review is that an upright dark grey or black cylinder shape happened to slowly appear and dissipate to the east, right before the event. This seemed to be around a quarter mile to the east of it from what I could tell. Also there is a tree in the foreground and frame of the event that has moving leaves for reference of time during the event. My wife and believe there are other intelligent entities in the world and were hoping that with all the ufo sightings happening, we would one day catch one on film ourselves. So we are very excited to have this evidence. We also have a second sighting of a different type of craft seen only about 3 days later that was moving just as fast but a different direction. This second sighting amazingly had the same “portal” characteristic in the last frame as the object finished its flight path. To add to my credibility, I am active duty Air Force and have seen many aircraft flying during the day and night from multiple deployed locations and stateside bases. Nothing I have seen is anything like what we captured on the camera. I have the clips saved in my phone for future reference and analysis. The videos are short and will need to be zoomed in on closely and slowly played back to capture what I saw.
