{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-03-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289224","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114134","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2763,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/224/mufon-5289224.json","updb_database_id":5289224}
Flying object that did not look similar to a helicopter or airplane or anything on this planet

I was sitting at home watching television and my camera pointed outside that was sitting in a window alerted my phone of movement. I then clicked on the notification to view the video live Stream and I then noticed a car pulling around the parking lot, which is what initially set off my motion detector on my camera, I than glanced up at a flashing green light that seemed abnormal. the light was glowing Oddly as it seem to appear as one of the apartment complex lightbulbs on the building, but I had never seen it glow the way it was glowing. I then notice appear from nowhere this glowing sphere like spacecraft that was traveling abnormal speeds, the flying object then starts to rotate and spin in circles as it flew across the sky giving off a glowing white reflective light. this object seem to be like nothing invented on earth. As this flying object with spinning across the sky it then starts to disappear and reappear several times which was really odd because the sky was completely clear of clouds, it was almost as if the spacecraft was skipping through time. After the flying object disappeared from my cameras view I then immediately went to the playback folder of my camera to download the video and double check what I had Seen and I was absolutely stunned at how clear and obvious it was this thing appeared to be. I watch the video for a second time and around 2:45 seconds a second object appears heading in the same direction but not as fast as the first . The shape appears to be different as well and a lot larger.. I’m officially freaked out.
