{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497361","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62004","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6700,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/361/mufon-5497361.json","updb_database_id":5497361}
{cak} UFO hovered over my neighbor's yard and stopped at tree top level about a 150' from me.

This was August, summer of 1977. It was about 9 o1clock at night. It was not totally dark. Where we lived on Long Island was close to the flight path of JFK, so we were used to seeing planes fly high overhead our house. We lived in a somewhat rural area, on 2 acres of land, surrounded by trees, with neighbors on either side. It was after dinner, and I went outside with my older brother, who was 20 and going to college at Dartmouth, his girlfriend, my younger sister who was 16, and our cousin, who was 14 or 15. It was a beautiful night and my sister Tina was the first to notice 3 odd lights in the sky beyond our back fence. These lights were in a triangle formation, they were low in the sky, and brighter than the stars in the sky. And they seemed to be coming right towards us. We didn't think they were planes, since they were so low, so at first we thought they might be helicopters. They were moving side to side in unison, and we couldn1t hear any noise. At this point we just stood there and watched these lights, trying to figure out what they were. Then, somehow, two of the lights just blinked out, but one of them kept approaching us, moving slow and steady. As it got closer, the light was getting brighter and bigger and it started to appear like an object. This is when we first thought that we might be seeing a flying saucer. Because it didn1t have any wings, it was completely silent, and it was moving very slowly and deliberately. Soon, we all became convinced that we were being approached by a classic saucer shaped UFO. We were scared and mesmerized at the same time. At this point, my brother told us that he wanted to run to the house to get his glasses so he could see it better. And he ran back to the house and left the four of us there in the backyard. In the minute and a half that he was gone, this craft came right over our neighbor1s yard, slowly and silently, and then stopped right next to us at tree top level over our neighbor1s back yard. The disc was about 60 feet in diameter, probably about 100 feet over the ground, and approximately 150 feet away from us. It was a classic silver saucer shape. The surface looked metallic silver, almost like brushed metal, and it had a dome on the bottom, and it had a light right in the center of this dome, I think it might have been blue. There were red, green and blue lights moving around the perimeter of the saucer in a pattern. I didn1t see any windows or openings. And I couldn1t see the top of the UFO because it was almost directly above us. It sat there above us completely still, silent and not moving. At this point, we were all scared and paralyzed with fear. We were all holding each other as tightly as we could, and I remember trying not to breathe or make noise, because I was afraid that the UFO might notice us and focus its attention on us. I didn1t know what might happen, but I was definitely afraid of being taken away. Then all of a sudden, out of the bottom center of the UFO, a bright white cone of light appeared and hit our neighbor1s yard. It was so bright that I couldn1t see anything past the light, and the grass it was illuminating appeared to be white. Now I was physically shaking and afraid that the light was going to sweep towards us, but I had no idea what might happen. Then all of a sudden, the white light beneath the UFO went out and in almost an instant, the UFO banked and zipped over our neighbor1s roof until it was a pinpoint in the sky, literally in just a split second. As it left, it was the only time the UFO made any noise, as a heard a very faint, high pitched whirring noise, similar to the noise that an old fashioned top made when you pulled the string hard to get it spinning.

After the UFO left, we all ran screaming towards the house, and met up with my brother who was running back outside. He asked us where the UFO was, and we were jumping up and down and talking all at once, describing what we had just witnessed.

We then ran inside the house to tell my parents and some friends they had over. But when we told them we saw a UFO, they all laughed at us and dismissed it as if we had just told them funny joke. At that moment, something inside me hardened, and I think I instantly realized that no one would ever believe what I had just seen. What1s even stranger, is that after that night I never discussed the UFO with my brother, sister or cousin for about 30 years. And I didn1t tell anyone about it until I told a girlfriend 4 years later. 

For the next 30 years I only told 5 or 6 of my closest friends about the encounter. But I made sure that they knew me very well, and I usually prefaced my story by saying, 1Promise me you won1t judge me and differently after I tell you this story.1

About 7 years ago, I got up the nerve to ask my sister if she remembered seeing the UFO. I was relieved when said yes, and I asked her to describe it to me. She remembered the same details that I did. Next I called my brother to ask him what he remembered, but he reminded me that he missed the close encounter because he was in the house getting his glasses. I then called my cousin, but he just remembered that something incredible had happened, but he didn1t remember seeing the UFO, although he did remember something that had to do with a bright light. Last, I asked my brother to locate his old girlfriend and find her. He hadn1t spoken to her in over 30 years, but he did email her, and she responded that she also remembered something strange happened that night, but she didn1t remember seeing the UFO either, but distinctly remembered seeing a bright white light that night.

I was a little disappointed that only my sister and I vividly remembered all the details of that evening, but my cousin1s and my brother's girlfriend's recollections convinced me that we had all witnessed something unusual that night. And since then, I have heard that it1s not unusual for some UFO witnesses to not be able to recall all the details of their encounter.
