{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-10-22 23:16:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504361","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54531","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6005,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/361/mufon-5504361.json","updb_database_id":5504361}
{cak} I observed the object come out of the firmament, stop, hover for several minutes, then descend presumably iunto a canyon

I was driving truck, east bound on I-70 about fifty-five miles west of Green River, Utah at 23:16 hours on October 22, 1988. The sky was clear and beautiful, meteor showers were on display all evening in the high desert air, giving me an enjoyable evening for driving while listening to an Utah-Hawaii football game earlier. My truck was laboring up a grade as I made my way down through the gears.

Suddenly, what appeared as a meteor straight in front of the truck, but this one was coming directly at me out of the heavens instead of flashing across the firmament from one side or the other! The object was moving at an unbelievable speed while emitting a bright green trail as it swooped out of the sky. The first thought I had was also a very loudly voiced one 1Holy @#$% this sucker is going to hit me!1  The light stopped, with the green trail winking out behind it-just like the Star ship Enterprise, sorry but that is exactly what went through my mind at the time.

Wheeling into the break down lane and stopping I just stared out of my driver1s side windshield at the object sitting directly before me hovering in the night sky. It would be safe to hazard a guess that the object was one-half to one mile distance from the truck, although it was very hard to estimate at night. I turn my headlights off and watched the object for the ensuing eleven minutes. 

First, what time is it? 23:16 hours Where is the moon? Behind me and to the right. Ok, what is this thing? It is huge, filling nearly 1/3 of the drivers side windshield. It is shaped like a child's top, the old timer ones that you wound string around. It is glowing orange, much the same color as some street lamps you see. Inside the glow is the dim impression of a dark object with a darker band just below the slightly tapered top, right at the widest point of the object. Windows perhaps? 

There was no movement whatsoever, it just hovered stock still. I remember getting the impression of it 1glowering1 at me, maybe a slight pulsation of light? After rolling down my window, hoping to hear the whump whump of a chopper1s rotors, there was absolute silence. No night birds, coyotes yipping, no crickets, cicadas, nothing but eerie silence. The object just hovered and seemed to glower. 

While watching this thing for a few minutes I reached over and flashed my markers a few times--nothing. Another minute, I flashed my headlights three times, still nothing. Mine was the only vehicle on the road, so if there was anyone there, they had to have seen me. Guess they gave this trucker the 1Cold shoulder1. 

After sitting absolutely motionless for several minutes, a seemingly bright blue-white light suddenly shone straight down from the bottom tip of the object. After perhaps a half minute the strange visitor slowly started settling straight down, by 23:27 hours it was out of sight and a flabbergasted trucker was once again by himself in the desert night.

Following a few minutes of introspection trying to digest just exactly what had just happened, I started the truck, turned on my lights preparing to drive on into Green River. There right in front of me was a sign, that hadn1t been noticed before, for a scenic area just ahead. Wheeling into the scenic area at the top of the hill and turning around to face where the object was last seen, it was noted that there there were three other semis and four motor homes parked for the night. Everybody seemed to be asleep.

Grabbing my pipe and thermos, I got out and sat at a table and had a pipe and a couple of cups of coffee before walking about and stretching, ever watchful across the hilltops Looking out from the scenic view there was a good view of the desert floor far below with the occasional ranch lights way off in the distance After sitting in the moonlight and relaxing for an hour and a half it was a dejected driver that crawled into bed and went to sleep--damn I wanted to see that thing once more.

Upon awakening in the morning the sun wasn1t up yet, but I took a walk up a couple of trails in the dawn light. There were deep canyons of red striated rock everywhere, when the sun finally came up I was treated to a beautiful desert sunrise. Up the road about a mile is a bridge over an extremely deep canyon that ran in the direction where the object was, maybe this is where it went down, I just don1t know.

The wondering about this sighting has never stopped, such as exactly what was it? How many sightings might have been made in my extensive driving in the southwestern deserts if I had been a few minutes earlier or a few minutes later? The object seemed to know where it wanted to be, by zipping in and stopping exactly where it wanted to be. Would it be possible to return to the area and post a watch every night and thereby see the object again?

I have doubts about it being a helicopter as I don1t think anyone has developed one that goes fast enough to leave a green tail. I also ruled out a weather balloon as they don1t go that fast, they don1t abruptly stop and hover then start a slow descent. I also don1t think it was swamp gas in the high desert.I wrote down the details of my sighting the next morning before starting out again, so I would be assured of no memory loss over the sighting.
