{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-21 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286361","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117022","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6269,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/361/mufon-5286361.json","updb_database_id":5286361}
This technology is a product of 15 years of research and explains almost all UFO phenomenon

Please read to the end, you might making history, or leaving it behind.
This is Magfly, the recently patented magnetic green technology, available for studying and development, that might take human beings to the new space research era.
A technology product of 15 of research, that explains almost all UFO physical phenomenon, since buzzing, magnetization of close structures, to fast erratic movements and extreme speeds.

+Due its magnetic properties, strong electrical charges might flow in the vessel and according to weather conditions can ionize the air around producing glowing.
	Such conditions depends of flowing electrical charges in the vessel with more or less intensity.

Magfly is a self-sustaining direct current electromagnetic vehicle with electric motors in the fuselage that have properties to neutralize gravity through a combination of mechanical and electromagnetic physical principles. The vehicle generates electromagnetic forces of repulsion in a single direction capable of producing lift and fast movement.

Purpose & Benefits

Offers users an improved “green” and self-sustaining vehicle, operating by means of inlet and outlet magnetic currents, providing buoyancy and locomotion.

Charges its own energy cells via an improved electromechanical motor on the outside of the fuselage, presenting properties that counteract with gravity through mechanical and electromagnetic physical principles.

Includes an electromagnetic anti-friction system, which prevents the moving parts from touching each other and therefore problems related to mechanical wear.

Provides supersonic transportation of passengers and cargo through the high layers of stratosphere, reducing travel time and costs between continents, countries, and hard to reach areas.

Reduces G-forces and vibrations during procedures of orbiting and deorbiting through powered gradual deceleration, avoiding high temperatures of dynamic pressure, making the process safe, cheap, and infinitely less susceptible to failures and risks to human life.

Problems Solved
Standard fossil fuel vehicles and aircrafts require a large amount of fuel to put payloads in orbit, limiting the number of people, distance, weight, and travel time. The slowdown in re-entry using the dynamic pressure of the atmospheric air makes the process extremely dangerous, complex, expensive, aggressive to the human body and susceptible to failures and deaths of people. Long flight times between airports on different continents, where current aircraft are economically viable only at subsonic speeds, to avoid the emission of excessive noise and pollution as well as problems with sonic booms. High “G” forces for orbiting and deorbiting stress dramatically structural components, loads and especially the human body. The large amount of fuel needed to place loads in low Earth orbit, today makes it impossible to explore the space more widely due to the high costs and extreme complexity of the existing propulsion systems.

Detailed Description & Features
Magfly is an improved electromagnetic vehicle. The vehicle is comprised of a self-sustaining, flat, metallic, isometric-disk shaped magnetic system featuring an electromagnetic motor. The device rotates to produce more electrical energy than it consumes, in addition to a strong magnetic field. There is an overall magnetization featuring several inlet/outlet currents which provide buoyancy and locomotion to the device. It might be operated with a user or remotely.

The thrust generated does not require fuel to react and the acceleration can be managed gradually. This makes it possible for large amounts of payload to be placed in orbit. As the generation of electricity is greater than that consumed, we can assume an excess of energy, which is transformed into speed and buoyancy, such buoyancy obtained through a combination of mechanical and electromagnetic specific principles.

As the number of moving parts is countlessly less than conventional reaction systems, the complexity is also extremely low, consequently the risks and costs. Due to the ability to decelerate through thrust instead of using atmospheric air, objects coming from orbit do not need to glide and face the high temperatures of dynamic pressure, in this case it becomes possible to use power for deceleration and reach safer speeds for re-entry.

G forces and vibrations are reduced in such a way as to require the human body and structural components to the minimum necessary, making the process safer, cheaper, and infinitely less susceptible to failures and risks to human life, also including an electromagnetic anti-friction system that prevents the parts from touching and problems related to mechanical wear.

Since the vehicle is highly electromagnetic efficient, intercontinental flights at supersonic speeds can be performed at the higher layers of stratosphere, providing a faster, cleaner, cheaper, and silent option for cargo and people transportation.

Exact specifications may vary upon further development and manufacturing.
