{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-06-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505361","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53504","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4405,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/361/mufon-5505361.json","updb_database_id":5505361}
{cak} Orange Orbs Over Gulf of Mexico

The event that I am describing happened on the evening of June 17, 2008 shortly after 9:00 p.m. I was on vacation with my family in Seagrove Beach, Florida and my sister and I were sitting on the deck just enjoying the evening. Moments before we were about to go back inside our condominium, I noticed an orange light out over the Gulf of Mexico that had been stationary for an inordinate amount of time. When I say 1an inordinate amount of time1, I mean that it did not fly in from the east or the west and that I had noticed it for about ten to fifteen seconds while it was hovering over the gulf. At this point, I could have assumed that it was a star but I was going to joke around with my sister and tell her that a UFO was out over the water, but before I could even say a word, the orange light split into two orange lights. I say that it split into two lights, but it could have very well been a second light that just suddenly lit up after the ten to fifteen seconds I had watched the first light. Either way, there was one stationary orange light and now there were two, but as quickly as the second light appeared, both lights blinked out. They didn1t fly to the east, they didn1t fly to the west, they didn1t dive into the water, they didn1t ascend into the sky1they just disappeared. Knowing that I had just witnessed something odd, I grabbed my sister and told her that I, honest to God, think I just saw a UFO. My sister asked where and I pointed out over the gulf and just as I pointed out over the water, the orange lights appeared once again, this time a little bit further out in the distance (heading south), the sequence much quicker, but still the same 1-2 pattern from our right to our left. And just as quickly as they appeared, they again blinked out. We both sat there and kept watching, mesmerized by what we had seen, when just seconds later, even further out, the same two lights appeared again, the same sequence as their second appearance and then blinked out, and then for the finale, even further out over the gulf, a series of six perfectly circular orange lights lit up in a diagonal row from right to left and once the sixth light was lit, all six blinked out at the same time, and that was the last time we saw them.

I have shared this story with friends and family members, but I have not reported it because I could never find any other stories that matched the event that my sister and I witnessed, until lately. I have begun to see where other people are reporting these orange orbs, mostly over the Atlantic or the Gulf of Mexico, with the only difference in some of the stories being that the orbs that I saw did not fly. I did not see any crafts, I did not hear any sounds, and aside from the lights appearing and disappearing further and further out into the distance, I didn1t see them move at all. And, although I am no military expert, I can guarantee that these were not flares 1 the way they appeared and disappeared so quickly would seem to disqualify any type of military flares. I have no conventional explanation for what I saw that night, but I am certainly curious to find out what it was. Probably the best way to try and explain it would be that someone had an aircraft with six afterburner engines and they couldn1t get them to fire up at the same time 1 they got two to turn over, tried again, tried again, and then finally got all six to turn over and then it was gone, the only exception being that the lights themselves didn1t travel away in any direction, they just blinked out exactly where they appeared. The lights were perfectly circular and they were a nice, warm orange color 1 they were a beautiful sight to behold and I1ve seen nothing like them since, but I sure would like to know what they were.
