{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-11-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470361","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90136","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2938,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/361/mufon-5470361.json","updb_database_id":5470361}
Huge hovering black UFO with bright large windows. Hoovered slowly over the sky for 10 minutes.

1. It was nighttime, after midnight. Think i was 9-10 years. My two brohters where sleeping in the same room. Suddenly I woke up and went to open the window, something i was not allowed to do. Nor have I ever done it living on second floor.
2. When I opened the window I immedelately looked to my right and saw this huge object.
3. Since it was so large i thought that Jupiter has fallen. That was the largest planet i knew of.
4. The UFO was hoovering. Very slowly moving straigt forward. The shapes is best described as a robot vacuum, or a cheesburger. Round. There where windows that where big and bright. There was a blue light and a red light. one was on the top of the UFO and the other one was under. Unfortunatley I cannot remeber which was on top.
5.I realised it was not Jupiter due to the windows. Remember thinking that i should not lean out so much so that they could see me and pull me up.
I also reflected over the windows. Our buildings are big with smaller windows, it was the opposite here so I wundered if their constructions where different.
I also tried desperately to wake up my brothers. My brother used to wake up easy, not this time. None of them woke up and I tried real hard. I looked up again and realised that the object would fly over our building. Since we have a balcony on the other side of the apartment I wanted to there to wake up my parents and go to the balcony with them. I closed the window and where on my way to grab the nob on the door that was closed, when i heard two words in my head. Warning, danger.
So i pulled back my hand and decided to go to bed. I was never afraid or worried. The only thing I still think about is why I woke up and i am not sure if my clock was affected or I being young could not estimated time but it seemed as if over 1 hour had passed.
6.After hearing this message in my head telepaticly i went to bed and fell asleep. My parents did not belive me. This affected me. If my parents dont belive me why should others? Turns out a few days later there was an article in GP-newspaper that there where two other witnesses. So i will go and search for microfilms. Hopefully i will find the article and send in a copy. Need to point out that I am extremly unsure of date of sighting.
