{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-28 23:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484361","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75475","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5631,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/361/mufon-5484361.json","updb_database_id":5484361}
Very far away blinking light traingle, affected video and cellphone, animal screams heard soon after

I was in my partners house which is in Cloneygowan (a small village in Co. Offaly), me and my partner were outside stargazing, the village is in the middle of nowhere so there is practically no light pollution there, you can clearly see stars, planes, planets and such and clearly distinguish between them. My partner lives in a pretty large bungalo, we were outside the front door.

My partner noticed the object and pointed it out to me, We looked at it for about 5 minutes trying to figure out if it was moving, we came to a conclusion that the object is either stationary or moving towards us at an extremely slow pace.

When I first noticed the object we thought it was a plane.

After looking at its movement (or lack of movement) for about 5 minutes we came to a conclusion it is bigger than a plane, it was stationary or moving towards us extremely slow and that it was triangular in shape if you focused on it and squinted a little, it was obvious this object is very far away from us therefore the triangular shape is not apparent at first. The object was flashing 3 different colours: red, blue and green, the pattern of them is not very apparent but I wouldn't call it random. 

I had a sudden feeling of dread, I realised this could be something important, I never thought I would see something like this in my life, I have always been open to the idea that UFOs and life on other planets exist yet I treat videos and such with a rational point of view trying not to have a biased view on them. I have no doubt what I saw was not a plane / star / planet. 

I took out my iPhone, which was at around 20% battery at this time and started recording a video, I tried to get the object in focus but the object is too small to be properly visible on the screen, I walk towards it and as soon as I get the object on screen, several blue lines varying in thickness appeared on the screen, about 2 seconds after this my phone turned off as if the battery ran out (iPhone users should be familiar with the spinning white "buffering" or loading cirlce that appears when an iPhone switches off).

We ran inside the house and I immediately plugged my iPhone into my laptop, I know that when my phone is out of battery and gets plugged into a charger, there appears an empty battery on the screen showing that the battery is not charged enough for the phone to turn on, this usually lasts for 7 minutes before the Apple logo appears (my phone is very slow as it is the iPhone 4. I have recorded many videos with my phone, the last one before my recording of the object was 2 weeks ago, there have never been problems with the video before), this time my phone showed the Apple logo instantly after being plugged in and it took only around 30 seconds for the phone to turn on. The battery was 14% exactly. I copied the video onto my desktop and watched it, the blue lines appear in the video and the audio cuts off as soon as they appear. The video is attached in this report.

This experience terrified me, I have heard of UFOs being able to interfere with electronics and emit electromagnetic waves, I instantly panicked as I felt I could be in danger. Maybe it knows I was watching? So many thoughts rushed into my head.

After running back into the house, we tried to calm down a little by trying to figure out what this object could have been. My partner has had a fear of aliens, UFOs and abductions since a very young age so I was trying to make sure they do not have a panic attack. We decided that going outside to check again was the only way to really know what this was, we grabbed binoculars and prepared to go investigate, I started recording again yet this video has my partner in it and she does not wish to be shown. The video does not contain any real evidence in my opinion, the object is not visible it is only me explaining what just happened.

We stepped outside and stood there watching for around 10 minutes, we heard a shriek which reminded me of a monkey or some kind of bird, immediately after this noise we heard something which sounded like a dog being killed or severely injured, it was a mix of a whine and a sort of scream almost, this noise terrified me and I said to my partner "lets go back inside" trying not to scare them. This experience is haunting and terrifying to recall, the emotions I experienced during this made me feel like I was in danger. I did not tick the "animal mutilation" tag on this as to not be misleading, I can only assume the strange noise was an animal being mutilated, but I really do not know as I did not see anything happen.

I do not know exactly the altitude of the object or anything like that, it was too far away. The best description of its altitude would be that of a plane.

I am attaching the video which features the interference and the object.
