{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-05-26 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460587","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100611","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4369,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/587/mufon-5460587.json","updb_database_id":5460587}
{tjd} Huge, long, dark rectangle with straight line of three prominent lights moves quickly, steadily and silently across sky

On May 26 at 9:45 PM, in a dark rural area with few lights, on a clear night with stars visible, 3 people saw a huge object silently fly overhead from South to North or Northeast. 
At first, the person who spotted it thought she was seeing Orion's belt, but realized it was three evenly-spaced lights that looked like stars moving quickly across the sky. We all saw it, realized it was not a plane, satellite or shooting star, so we grabbed binoculars. 
We took turns quickly looking at the object as it flew overhead. Through binoculars each of us saw a very long, narrow, rectangular shape, dark gray or possibly black, with three, evenly spaced white lights in a line down the middle of the rectangle. There were many less bright, white lights forming a straight line, evenly-spaced between the three brighter lights. The bright lights were bright enough through the binoculars that you could detect the surface of the object but no details or features, just a slight illumination from the lights. 
It appeared to have a rim along each long side of the object. One person thought she could detect small lights on the edges. The other two saw only a distinct object edge or outline. The object obscured stars behind it as it passed across the sky, so it was solid in appearance. 
We were all unsure of the exact shape of the leading edge of the object, but our impression was that it was flat, like the small end of a rectangle. It was incredibly long, and it seemed to us all that there was not a distinct tail end that we could detect, because we could make out lights going quite far back from the three prominent lights. One person said it seemed like 2 aircraft carriers in length. All agreed that it was shockingly large, and that description seemed like it could have been accurate even though we couldn't tell how high up it was. It seemed to be at a lower altitude than jets appear to be when you see them as little pinpoints in the sky, but we had a hard time judging altitude and size because it seemed very large and there was nothing in the sky to compare it to.
There was no noise or other feature. There were no wings or other visible structures, and no apparent exhaust. It gave us all the impression of seeing a long train travelling across the sky. The movement was steady and fast. It crossed from one horizon to the other and then passed out of sight in minutes. We noted the time when it passed out of view at 9:50 PM. 
After seeing it, we all went inside and decided to separately draw what we saw. Our drawings were almost exactly the same and we agreed on all details except whether there were lights on the long edges. We all agreed that we could not detect the end of the object, but that it nonetheless moved out of view. 

Only one of us claimed to have ever seen a UFO before. All three are generally sceptical and level-headed people. We were not drunk or under the influence of anything. I am reporting this for us all. I have never before seen a UFO. Anything "unidentified" I've seen I've either assumed or found out was either a weather balloon or military aircraft. This sighting completely mystifies me. I cannot imagine anything that large or that shape travelling through the air, let alone at that speed and steadiness. It was enough of a shock that it genuinely scared our friend visiting from Florida.
Afterwards, I tried googling this and found no similar reports. I then found this website. I think after reporting it here, I'll try to find out if I can report it to Kirtland Airforce Base.
