{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-06 14:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524587","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31250","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3587,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/587/mufon-5524587.json","updb_database_id":5524587}
2 lights decending. then moving, then one light moving.

I was driving north on eldorado bulvd at exactly 2:25 pm saturday 8/57/2011.just passing bowmens club on right. when I noticed 2 bright lights in front of me in the sky above hill, houses. about 400 feet-up. decending slowly down and to the left.They looked like 2 boxes a few feet apart.My 1st thought was maybe a kids kite in the park that I new was just over the hill.I was driving up a hill at the time so it was really easy to notice.and there was other traffic right next to me and behind me. My thought was they have to being seeing this too! As I was driving over the hill wacthing these 2 boxes decending down toward the ground, they were just a few feet apart. I thought maybe it could be two white birds decending in perfect formation until they started turning downward and the two boxes strecthed-out longer into two perfect shapes, like rectangles.At this point I got excited and looked for place to pullover. Then these two objects kind of levaled-out and moved north towards folsom lake away from me. They moved about a thousand yards away in just a second then quickly faded away from view.So I kept driving just maybe one block and they reapeird again getting brighter in seconds. My thought at this time was maybe it was an airplane reflecting in the sun. A real white airplane. But it was two objects just a few feet apart.at this time a realalised the size of the objects were about the size of 2 cars. I glued my eyes on these and slowed way down and almost completetly stopped at the green light in front of the park. Then the to objects slowly faded away again, so I pulled overand got out my binockgulars. The objects were gone but there was a vulture flying around up there where I last saw it so I focused on it. Hoping the object would return. After a few minutes it did not so I took off driving north again on eldorado bulvd towards green valley road. I crossed green valley rd this turns into salmon falls road about two miles still looking towards the west when the object appiared again. This time it was one object, but looked like a square box. I emideantly pulled over. It was moving north rapedly about 6or8 hundred feet high and got behind some trees blocking my view. So I took off after it and could see it in the next few minutes through the trees as I was was hurring to get about a mile up the road to a place I new was clearer of trees. I noticed the object kept pulsating in and out of brightness and vision, and turning while i was chasing it. Right when I was getting to the clearing it got real bright and stopped for a second.It looked like a perect big white box in the sky slightly rotating about 800 feet above the lake. Folsom lake.with a hillin the backgrund behind it.Then it started moving slowly to the west and faded away. I stayed there for about five more minutes hopping to see it again but I did not. I realized This whole encouter lasted about 12 minutes and over 5 miles.
