{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-15 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453587","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108036","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5796,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/587/mufon-5453587.json","updb_database_id":5453587}
January - first notice - continues until now

I was a usual human, some interest in space. 

Everything in my life was perfect until one day. I got an acquaintance with one, very interesting as I thought back then, human. We chatted with each other using WhatsApp. He started the conversation with getting to know me. After that he started to write some strange things: “I’m not a human, I changed bodies and the human who was there before died. I’m proto tuff” I don’t know what I was thinking back then, but it was !!!!OK!!!! for me. Later he started saying: “You’re important, we need to leave this planet.” I don’t know what was happening with me, but I accepted (maybe he used some methods of hypnose). But I was smart, I said: I will want to return to Earth someday, let’s make my clone and “change me”. He accepted & said that everything need to be a secret. But I needed to pay him, I did. After me paying to him, he said “Listen, the clone can’t talk, let’s do better one”. I accepted. But he needed the money again. I gave him some, but after that my parents started noticing that I spend money in something strange (I usually tell them, f.e.: new clothes, food....). They asked me & I told them. After that we all decided to talk with that guy (he thought I was the only one talking). I was like: sorry, I don’t have the money anymore (I did actually, but I had way more important purchases to do), we need to wait. He started bullying me, WENT TO MY APARTMENT & ALMOST KILLED ME & STOLE SOME THINGS. Of course I called the cops & even got the things back. After that I blocked him. 

I thought: “Phew, what a crazy guy”. Some days later I started hearing people who were talking to me (complete strangers), they were disgussing the things only I knew. That was kinda strange & the strangest part, I was creating answers in my brain & THEY IMMEDIATELY RESPODNED LIKE THEY HAD ACCES TO MY THOUGHTS. I was in my apt. at this time. It happened many days, unfortunately I don’t remember everything they said, but the most important part is in my brain: “Leave the house, we need to transport you to our planet, you’re important, leave alone.” I saw the people who were saying it, I did it. Started to talk with them, the answer destroyed my brain: “Are you crazy? What are you talking about? Who are you?”. 5 minutes ago this person was talking so much about me & now know nothing. 

Some days passed, I noticed THAT EVERYONE WAS TALKING ABOUT ME. EVERYWHERE. I was scared as heck. And the problem is: If I talk with them, they don’t understand nothing. As I got it, the people were “changed” for some time without even them knowing about it. 

I also noticed 2 “lights” in the sky, one was white, other’s blue. Every single day everyone was talking about me & the lights were following me (before that I’ve never seen a star on the sky, megapilis lifestyle ain’t that good). 

“The people” were all saying that I need to leave the planet, I can’t be here & something like that. I was like: OK, why & how? Of course I asked them (I could just think about it & the people would respond). Their responses were different. I tried to do a lot of stuff. Usually it was unsuccessful. I think they actually don’t want me. Just for you to remember, EVERYONE WAS TALKING ABOUT ME. I think I have lived a life like Kardashians😹. I couldn’t handle the pressure & I went to the psychologist. What a lovely people psychologists are. I usually have super quick and stressful lifestyle, it was like a heaven for me. The psychologists showed me some meditation practices, calmed me down. “The people” BECAME NORMAL. NOONE FINALLY WAS INTERESTED IN ME. But the thing is: the lights are still in the sky. I didn’t care about it & had a lovely “break”. 

And right now I’m gonna write you my health problems: I HAD IDEAL, PERFECT HEALTH. After talking with the first “human” I started to feel myself disgusting, I thought it was just stress. This condition was like that but after the “popularity” I lost vision, started having headache, my heart started to hurt, I was yes to kill myself, I lost my happy life. 

The break was amazing, I recovered. BUT HERE THEY COME. I’m popular again😂. I have literally no idea what to do because I don’t think they want me, I would rather say the want to kill me, but using the worst methods possible.

I still know the number of the first human. Maybe we all can catch him? He’s not kind. I’ve seen that he had a conflict with a guy, and after that that guy almost died. He knows something bad. I’m scared. 

And yes, I’m still being followed. Yesterday I saw like 30 UFO’s. Usually it’s 2 or 3 of them following me. Please help me. 

Proto tuff is the name of his civilization.
