{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-29 01:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482587","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77368","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2688,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/587/mufon-5482587.json","updb_database_id":5482587}
{jpg} Triangle shaped craft hovered, dropped 2-3 balls of light then flew away rapidly.

The sighting happened a few miles south of Annapolis, MD on the early morning hours of Wednesday June 29, 2016. I had taken a vacation to Ocean city, MD on Monday the 27th of June and left to go back home Tuesday night around 11PM. I pulled over in a shopping center to text my girlfriend that I was just going thru Annapolis and was halfway home. The time was 12:54AM. I got back on the road to head south on Route 2, and when I got past the town of Edgewater, I saw a very bright light in the sky. I at first thought it was a planet shining brightly in the night sky but looked more like a forward-facing search light with some smaller lights around it. I kept watching it as I drove south towards Calvert County, MD. The light was very low in the sky, and I kept losing it behind the tree line, but when I got closer to the light, I saw two glowing balls of light come out of the bottom, drop down and fly off. It looked like another ball of light started to drop from the craft, but I started driving downhill and the trees covered the craft again. I kept getting closer to the craft until I got directly under it. I pulled off the road to look and it didn't make a noise and was only about 500 feet in the air. I grabbed my cell phone to take a picture and when I did the craft took off at a high rate of speed, still making no noise at all as it went. I turned my truck around and tried following it for a couple minutes, but it was way too fast. From the bottom the craft looked like a triangle with a large searchlight at the front and to small lights at the corners facing down. It looked to be about 50-75 feet across and just hovered until one tried getting a picture of it. I have lived near the Patuxent River Naval Air Station my entire life, where they test aircraft, and I can identify planes and helicopters, as the fly over my house every day all day and night. I have never seen a craft like that before, so low and so quiet. Approximate location of where I stopped to see the craft above me.
