{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-02-14 19:22:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477587","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82568","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2626,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/587/mufon-5477587.json","updb_database_id":5477587}
{nd} Saw anomalous lights three different times and places near Route 207 and Route 22 & New Holland, Ohio area

This is a series of 3 different places the objects were being seen.
On February 14, 2017 at 7:22 PM, the witness was driving on Route 207 heading south, about a mile south of Yankeetown Pike when he saw the first light in the sky. The witness was heading to pick up his wife.
After picking up his wife, both of them saw another 2 or 3 lights near Route 207 and Route 22. They both saw the lights appear again near Egypt Road.
A shape of the object could not be seen... just the lights. The lights were bright but did not emit a beam.
The object (lights) would just appear and disappear and not just visually go out of sight as something traveling away. The witness spoke of when it appeared as one light at a distance and said it reminded him of the moon when it is orange in color, but small.
The witness spoke of previous sightings with one where he saw an object with 6 or 7 amber-colored lights that appeared to be massive and described movement uncommon to normal aircraft.
The witness reports that when he sees the object, when it appeared close with numerous lights, the lights appeared to be on one object or craft.
This sighting was reported to Roundtown UFO Society (RUFOS) at the time as the witness found their website online.
RUFOS is who is reporting this to you (MUFON) now.
The witness who spends a lot of time in the woods, reported an inordinate amount of deer and other animals moving in the area as they were driving.
Note: When the witness speaks of seeing it previously in the woods, it was completely silent. On this sighting, he said he was in the car and couldn't tell if there was any sound. 
His other family members have seen anomalous lights as well. 
At the time the witness was reporting this to RUFOS, there was some chatter online on Facebook about others seeing lights in a similar fashion in areas both to the east and south. 
The witness wants to remain anonymous.
