{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526587","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29094","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2194,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/587/mufon-5526587.json","updb_database_id":5526587}
3 metalic "meteor like" shapes

I was driving home from a friends house in the middle of a sunny bright day and while climbing up a hill in my car I saw something move in the corner of my eye in the sky. I was looking towards LAX airport but a few thousand feet or so above it. At first it looked like a meteor falling because of the distance it was and the whitish light emitting off of it, but then all of a sudden it came to a sudden instant stop. When it stopped it looked like a star that is visible in the day, it didn't look like an aircraft at all. Then I pulled over and asked myself if I had just seen what I saw? I continued to look up to see if I could still see it and then what I thought was a visible day star just above the object I just saw, instantly moved very quickly to the right and stopped, I then saw a third star like object move to another position. The position of all three of them ended in a triangle shape. I also noticed as they changed position it let off a metallic glare when the sun hit them and that's when I thought to myself I can't believe I'm seeing this right now. I had wished someone were with me to assure myself I wasn't going crazy. The incident only lasted a matter of thirty seconds or so and as quickly as they made the triangular shape they speed off out of sight in a matter of a quarter of a second in the same direction. The flew off so fast I knew it wasn't man made and all I could think about is that it almost looked like they playing with each other in the air, like dancing together the way they moved in such perfect cue and simultaneously.
