{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-20 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513587","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44683","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2836,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/587/mufon-5513587.json","updb_database_id":5513587}
Whilst taking a picture of my kids a white object rose from the floor very fast and dissapeared

My two kids were in the sitting room alone playing xBox minecraft. i came into the sitting room to start using the computer. As I looked up I noticed how engrossed in the game they were so I decided to take a picture on my iphone. As i was pressing the on screen camera button i noticed movement on the floor of a long white shape. I hardly had time to move my eyes as it rose up fast in a 45 degree angle. I took a second photo as a follow on to the first (when I take iPhone pictures I often repeatedly press the shutter button and take successive pictures)
I was quite baffled and asked Katie (in Pink) if she had thrown anything to Hurley (in White)I said I just seen something white in the air, did you throw anything? They looked at me a bit strange, had I not caught the image on camera I might have thought my eyes were playing tricks on me. As I look at the photo I see both Katie's hands are on the xBox controller, she would never have been able to throw something and get her hands back in position without leaving a blur on the picture. I asked them to look for something white, Katie pointed to the plate that can be seen on the lattice-work box, but that is not it.

This might not be related but a week ago I was taking pictures of some wooden train track for and eBay auction. There was a white round object on one of the photos and to the right there is another haze. I thought to myself that it might be some dust or a hair had somehow got on the lens or maybe light from the window had reflected on the picture. i can't explain it any other way. I was the only person in the room at the time.

This object i have caught on camera tonight has completely baffled me, I simply can not explain it at all. i saw it leave the floor, my first thought was it was folded white paper, it seemed solid (but paper doesn't rise by itself)
