{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-21 13:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469587","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90933","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3526,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/587/mufon-5469587.json","updb_database_id":5469587}
{rjl} I took a picture of the eclipsed sun during the Great American Solar Eclipse. Later, I checked the picture and, to my surprise, found a picture of an unknown object.

MUFON Report 1 3-21-2018

In expectation of the Great American Solar Eclipse on August 21, 2017, my husband and I (along with a few friends) sat on our back deck to await the long-anticipated event. We were fortunate enough to live on the exact centerline of 1totality.1 I had prepared a chart which showed the planets and stars that would become visible in different areas of the sky and suggested that everyone briefly turn their gaze to observe them. But I also encouraged everyone to primarily focus on the sun as I knew the 2 minute-34 second window of opportunity would pass very quickly. 
The time approached, and I announced when the special eclipse glasses could be removed. During totality, we were all mesmerized; suddenly taken by the absence of sound, we noted that birds could not be seen nor heard, and even insects had gone eerily quiet while basking in the mid-day darkness. An unexpected but very welcome stream of coolness seemed to spill over us on what was an ideally clear and otherwise hot summer afternoon. 
In the final seconds of darkness, my husband asked why I had not taken a photo with my cell phone. Frankly, it had not occurred to me. Knowing there were only seconds to spare, I grabbed my cell phone and took a picture of the brilliant eclipsed sun. However, I knew that a cell phone photo could not capture the spectacular and rare occurrence we were graced with witnessing that day.  
Several weeks later, I thought about the picture I had taken on that special afternoon. I checked my cell phone and zoomed in on the sun. As I remembered it from that day, the moon had overtaken the sun and had become engulfed with an angelic-like flowing translucence; but the photo could not compare with the memory of the actual event. Before closing the picture, I glanced above and below to see if any of the visible planets or stars could be seen. Much to my surprise, I found an object of enormous size (in my zoomed-in frame) in the 6:00 position below the sun. It was clearly not one of the visible planets or stars (based on location). And since it had been so quiet that day, I knew it could not have been an airplane. 
Before that moment, I had been a sceptic. But coincidentally (if there are coincidences), around the same period of time, I watched a new Netflix release: Unacknowledged. My skepticism turned to avid curiosity. And since that day, I have been doing my research. I believe that what appeared on my photo during the Great American Solar Eclipse might be evidence of something else: one of ours or one of theirs. I would be most interested in your opinion. Thank you.
Attachment: Below
