{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-11 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498587","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60593","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3175,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/587/mufon-5498587.json","updb_database_id":5498587}
{jd} Several flickering orbs of orange-red light slowly move about in the sky

Shortly after turning onto rt13s from w Trenton ave in my car, I observe 6-8(1 or 2 vanished) of these relatively small orbs in the sky at a rather low altitude. Rather mesmerized i unfortunately do not pull over and park to properly observe or get pics/video, but slow significantly and observe from the time of first notice, through passing under, and occasionally looking back(carefully!) after driving under. One car on the opposite side of the road is parked with its hazards on and it could be assumed that the driver is observing, but I am too occupied with these orbs myself to see what they're doing. As bright and relatively low as these were and at around 8:45 on a sat night, there were definitely other witnesses to this. 

Starting from the first perspective before driving past, there are 3 orbs close to one another to the left which seem to hover and not move much. There are a few more spread out moreso above the roadway that are more active in their movement, and 1 or 2 actually disappear from my sight. These do not seem to move in any pattern or relation to one another, or make any sudden directional changes, but are moving in various directions(mostly up/down although I did observe one move sideways). The orbs themselves are all similar in size, bright reddish-orange, and flickering like a candle.

After passing by and under these, no strangeness in myself or my car was observed except awe. I did however begin to develop the cold i'm currently suffering from about 24 hrs after observance, but of course any connection to the event is highly doubtful and I'm only adding for detail.

The observant will notice a report of a very similar occurrence a recently in this EXACT same spot, as well as other recent Morrisville activity(the similar report and another recent m-ville sighting are both on Saturdays as well I think). Bucks is a well known hotbed for activity after all and something may very well be happening in Morrisville right now. The only "rational" possibility I can see is if the farm is putting stuff up in the air but I highly doubt it. I guess it could be done with floating objects of flickering light or something, but this would be hard to pull off and appear the way they did. They were quite bright and the three to the left that seemed close together and stationary lend credence to a origin of, shall we say, strangeness. Regardless, I may e-mail the farm and inquire about this as well as to see if they observed this phenomena as well.
