{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-11-06 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287587","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115788","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2940,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/587/mufon-5287587.json","updb_database_id":5287587}
JTAC observes strange lights harassing F22s during dogfighting exercise

I was a Joint Terminal Attack Controller for the USMC. Meaning I was a ground based controller of aircraft, and would direct them onto targets. I am knowledgeable about attack aircraft and how they move particularly from a ground perspective. Often we practice type I control meaning the JTAC/FAC must see the target and visually acquire the aircraft to ensure its flying towards the target during its attack. 

After hunting we were all just hanging out. Someone noticed that several Jets lights on were flying towards us from the SE. Two sections stacked up and held to the SE. A third section began to set up in a wheel, basically a big circle. I've seen fighters do this before when they practice dogfighting or plane against plane combat. We were on the mountainside around 4 miles N of the edge of the wheel. The fighters were flying around 3000-5000 AGL. I'm confident that they were F22. They are very quiet super maneuverable planes. King of the sky so I thought. Anyhow I also know there were F22s stationed at Holloman AFB base SW of our position.

I was explaining what the fighters were going to do when suddenly more lights appeared. At least 1 per jet. The lights appeared similar to the planes but were clearly dancing around and chasing the F22s. At one point a fighter clearly flew directly overhead I estimate 2500 AGL. The jet engine although comparably quiet to other fighters was unmistakably a jet engine. The craft or light chasing it made absolutely no noise. The lights would change directions immediately and move unlike any aircraft I have ever seen. 

After watching and trying to figure out what was happening for 7-8 minutes, it occurred to me that the F22s were up there dry. Since they were simulating a dogfight against each other it was unlikely they were carrying armament. After that I figured it was just a matter of time before some planes were scrambled to assist. A few minutes later two much louder jets, (lights off) came screaming into the area from the NW. All of the lights immediately vanished. 

The F22s formed up and headed back to the SE escorted by the scrambled aircraft. And that's it. I've never seen anything like it. And I'm still not sure what to make of it. I hope I get to talk to one of those pilots someday.
