{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484587","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75234","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4304,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/587/mufon-5484587.json","updb_database_id":5484587}
{cak} spherical ship was overhead between the earth and the moon folding space while the rectangular ship was coming in from their home star in the Pollux constellation using wormholes. The rectangular starship brought me aboard their craft using light

Nice to friend people who get it. I witnessed not only the orbs but two magnificent starships. One was folding space up by the moon with what looked like the "Star of Bethlehem" while the other starship was doing the same using wormholes to travel in from their home planets on three nights at 3am of a fourth quarter moon also known as a slack tide moon because of the lack of waves it produces. Funny thing each time this happened huge waves appeared on the SW shore of a Pacific Island on the end of a right triangle which moved north on about the same longitude each time the first of which was at 3Am on 9/17/14 and the third was on 11/14/14. These unexplained, for the unknowing, waves occurring during a slack tide moon and captured on video and posted on social media with no earthquakes or weather to create them have no natural earthly explanation for their occurrence. I am a federally trained investigator with seven degrees in areas of math, science, computers, business, MBA/MIS, History, and Law. This is why I understood the cause and effect relationship not to mention when they fold the fabric of space while your watching you get it. We lived in the country outside Potsdam, NY and the coyotes also got it because they demonstrated that they were very confused by whining not howling as if they asking each other what was going on. When one of the cops stated, What in the f**k is the matter with the coyotes they don't talk like that." That is when I looked up at the moon and stated, " It's is not even a full moon but what is that planet doing next to the moon." The so called planet was a very large round ship with the Star of Bethlehem sticking out of it's 8 o'clock position. Logical because you do not create the gravity capable of folding space inside your own ship without projecting the force outside the ship as the ship would otherwise implode. The waves created on 9/17/14 and filmed were used in a scene in the 2015 movie, Point Break 2. You can check this out on line in information about where the scenes were filmed and used in the movie. This happened to be at Tuhopo'o Beach, Tahiti at the same exact time given the time zone differences between the two locations. Amazing that after running the computer program of Deluxe moon and running all the astronomical data it all works out. The wave appears at the 30* angel of a right triangle occurrence and moved north to Oahu Beach, Hawaii as we approached the winter Equinox. The math works out perfectly to the degree. I talked to the people who filmed these waves and blew their minds when I told them the date and time that they had filmed them. I also know for a fact that the LIGO gravity wave detectors and NASA also witnessed these events. Every night early in the morning I would be told when and where to go out to meet them and this went on for several months. I know they injected me with monotonic gold to wake up my Pineal gland so that they can communicate with me when they want along with a host of other physical benefits to my body. I reported this to my superior in the bureau. Then for three months HLS followed us everywhere and illegally installed listening devices in our house which I found and are safely in the hands of a US Senators staff member. They called me in and asked where the bugs were and found out that they messed up because the federal judge was a personal friend and he told me that they did not get a warrant or even request one.
