{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-16 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288587","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114778","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2678,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/587/mufon-5288587.json","updb_database_id":5288587}
DejaVu

I live in a small town with a dark backyard at night, I was outside on my deck in my gravity chair so I could look straight up and was just observing the stars as I enjoy to do. I was observing the big dipper which was as I was lying down feet to the east, head to the west and almost directly above me but a little to the east. 
 I suddenly observed a light as bright as all the other stars, slowly moving south towards the north on the tail of the big dipper which I at first thought might be a plane but it was a solid white light without flashing signal lights of a plane. I then thought perhaps a satellite as I watched it for nearly 20 seconds and the light just went black. There was not a cloud in the sky and it never re-appeared. I just shook it off as something explainable. Not even 30 seconds more and I see the exact same light where the original one appeared slowly moving south to north and after 15 seconds the light went black again. There was absolutely no clouds in the sky as I can see stars in every direction clearly and I never saw either light re-appear. I waited for several minutes following what would be the path of the direction of both lights tracking to the north and never saw either light again.
 I am sure there must be a good explanation for both lights I saw but I have never reported or seen anything like this before. Actually never reported lights ever in my life and do enjoy watching stars and often to see faint lights that follow a straight path knowing they are satellites or planes.  
 In my mind it is something I cannot explain and therefore an unidentified flying light. The light never changed direction and was moving at a slow direct path before both lights just went black as I observed all the stars around in the direction it was moving. I have no evidence other than my eyes and my sober mind. I do believe in deja-vu and had other experiences of encountering de-javu but never in the nights dark skies.
 If anyone that has a better explanation, I eagerly would like to hear from you. Thanks for your time,
Terry Voth
