{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-05-14 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549587","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"3034","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3114,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/587/mufon-5549587.json","updb_database_id":5549587}
Black triangle at high altitude

It was about 20 after ten last Friday night the 14th of May and Clare and I wentout in the front yard to try to see if we could see Comet NEAT with the nakedeye. We could just make out a fuzzy spot that is the comet.Then I was looking around at the stars directly over head and my eye caughtmovement. It was a light way up there that looked like a dim satellite movingslowly. Much slower than the usual satellites you would observe crossing thenight sky. Anyway, as I watched it I noticed that it wasnt one but three lightsin a triangular formation. An elongated triangle, narrow at the back and long onthe sides. Made me think of the battle cruisers in Star Wars, with a light oneach corner. Black in its body like a black hole might be. At first I thought itwas three lights moving in tandem, but as it moved it blocked out stars itpassed over. Clare could see it at first, but her contacts had been in all dayand she was having difficulty as she was having blurred vision from her dry eyesdistorting her night vision. But she did see it so it wasnt only me.I ran in and grabbed the video cam and tried to shoot it in infrared nightshot,but the damned viewfinder was brighter than the sky and I couldnt acquire it. Ijust filmed away in hopes that it might show, but with a damned auto focus thatcouldnt grab on to anything, it kept focusing in and pixeling out and thenfocusing back out. I should have just turned the auto focus off, looked for abright star and focused and then tried to shoot. There are moments when thepicture is focused and you can just make out the stars, and I bet if I hadaccess to video editing software that could clean up the video, I would have thething in there. Live and learn, Ill be better prepared for this if it happensagain. But how can you really be prepared for something like thisIt was way the hell up there, between a mile and I would guess 30,000 feet,about where an airliner would fly gauging from the magnitude of its lights andincoming traffic to Boise airport I have observed. It was huge. About 1 inchacross the short back end as I watched from my perspective, and if it was a mileor more up that would be one big mother. It took approximately 10 minutes to gofrom where I spotted it at zenith directly above me till it disappeared in thedistance toward the horizon and the light pollution of the street lights andyard lights of the houses down the street.I have heard and read accounts of this type of UFO, but this is my firstobservation of this n
