{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-06 12:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488065","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71586","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2634,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/065/mufon-5488065.json","updb_database_id":5488065}
I looked up because i accedently walked a contructuion sigh, looked up because i was told move. I walked a block and just saw orbs not budging in geometric prism forms

I was coming from Strathcona in Vancouver on my way to the Astoria, I walked past a sign and did not notice. I was skipping school and drinking.
I heard a flag lady yell "HEY!" and I jumped and crouched down looking over both shoulders then up. she laughed and said come here and walk around, the man in the heavy back hoe repeated. So I walked around drinking my beer and crossed back across the street to the safe end and looked up. there was white orbs just stagnant in the air, did not move at all. I was walking as I was in awe looking up and it just didn't register in my head. I stopped at Hastings and Hawks in Vancouver because I was looking up and because I was near Hastings street I had to stop because a bus went by, I watched the bus go by and looked up again and they seemed so high they where barely visible. I looked both ways across the street and back up and they where gone. I had no idea what they where but assumed they where Aliens and it didn't start to bother me tell about months and a year later, it was 2014, in the summer. not sure the date. my father thinks I am crazy. 
  No motion, they did not move at all.

 I started to tell people down the street and they smiled and believed me. It has been chewing away at me for a while now. and I have all kinds of crazy ideas to why they are here. My imagination is going crazy. 

I lost sight simply because I had to look across a busy street. I had heard of sightings so I was not scared at the time but now I am.

 They where above Mt Seymour I think, not sure. people always get lost up there and search and rescue hilcopters are there several times a year. there is also very large radio towers making the giant cedar trees look like trigs below there base. they hovered above them I think. I think more radio towers have been built there since but I am not sure.
