{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-16 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489065","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70570","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4190,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/065/mufon-5489065.json","updb_database_id":5489065}
First saw a flashing linear shaped object, very clear due north and it was flashing blue, green, red and white.  Then saw 2 or 3 other objects above it quite high up but they were only white and shaped like ovals

I was watching television around 9:30pm when I caught something bright flashing in the sky out my window. I turned to look due North over Quebec Canada and saw this amazingly clear linear shaped object (like a rectangle on it's end) and it was changing colors quickly from red to green to blue to white and dancing around but in a fairly limited space. Then it moved quickly to the right, left, up and down within a few seconds. It stayed in that one spot over approx. Aylmer Quebec for a long time, over a half hour, then it started to dart higher and to the west then back into the starting northern spot. It seemed to have arms or something coming off the sides but not sure because it was moving so much hard to tell and it left contrails of light but they disappeared quickly of course leading into the next color. There was no noise.

Then I realized something else moved much higher but pretty close to the first bright object - there were at least two of these whitish/grey objects and they were moving as well but were much slower than the brightly colored one below and they seemed to be more oval shaped. It felt almost as if the brighter flashy one was distracting while the others crept more slowly through the sky but in that same area for the most part.

Now there were a lot of stars out last night, I hope they were stars, but some of them were so bright too I am not completely sure but they seemed more fixed.

I had a friend over to see them and she witnessed it all except wasn't with me for the clearest view of the multi colored one but she did see it too but when it was further away. She described it as I did, through very goood binoculars I now have.

Something else. In the sky last night we saw 2 triangular shaped outlines, by that I mean there were 3 objects (stars? orbs?) one at each point creating the look of a triangle with one orb/star at each point of a triangle but not sure if they were part of one solid object or not. It just seemed odd to see 3 bright lights forming triangles like that. Now my friend said she saw a couple of the stars in the triangles move a bit but I didn't so can't say for sure if they were part of a solid object or not. Just seemed odd. Now if they were part of a solid triangle then it was huge, like 2 football fields huge.

The multi-colored rectangular that was dancing around was something I have seen before in that same area about 2 years ago I would say, reported that to Mufon as well. I explained the appendages coming out the sides just like the one last night as well. Same area over Aylmer Quebec. 

This is my 5th sighting of UFOs over the last 2 or 3 years and all have taken place in this one same area. Not far from me is Shirley's Bay which has a UFO reputation and I understand there are magnetic fields in that area as well so I have read. This is an active area for sure.

There were no jets around but there were 3 airplanes coming in for landings as sometimes they shift flight paths to the airport here that is south of Ottawa but the airplanes are obvious, these objects I am reporting were definitely not planes.

Like I said last night's sky was filled with stars but it would be easy to miss a UFO in the many stars for sure so there could have been far more than the 3 that I saw for sure that I know were UFOs of some kind. Not including the possible triangle shaped star? points.
