{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-07-15 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509065","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49380","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4027,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/065/mufon-5509065.json","updb_database_id":5509065}
{cak} permeating lights

My good friend and I were on a mission. It was either 1995 or 1996. It was probably July or early August. Our group of friends had a game that we would play occasionally. We would pair up and steal road signs. That particular night Ben and I chose to go to an area that was less populated and would be less affected by the loss of their road signs. :) When we got to what was then called Old Farm Road, we turned and thought the speed limit sign would be perfect. We had a ladder and a grand prix. We had sockets, wrenches and everything. When we worked on the speed limit sign, we both noticed a very bright light that went from the western horizon to the eastern horizon. It was definitely not a satellite and was probably not a comet (no tail). It was too slow to be a plane (unless it was a high altitude SR 71 with all lights on), it was too bright and fast to be a satellite. We stood and watched it cross the sky and thought nothing of it.

We decided that we couldnt steal that sign. It was too rusted on. We drove on down the rural dirt road. The road was unlit, but we were familiar with the area. We had been given permission by a camp that owned a lake off of the road to canoe and fish. Ben and I had never been past this point day or night. The story gets good for a campfire when I tell you what happened before, but that isnt the point here. We traveled to the end of the road. It goes up a hill as a driveway to someones extremely wealthy homestead. On our way back...we decided that the best sign to steal would be a no hunting sign near the camp we had a deal with. 

As we approached the sign (on a wooded hill to our left/North halfway through the road)..........we were overcome by green light. The way the light appeared was different for Ben and I. We both have different experiences and memories about the light. What is important, is that it was there. IT permeated the car. It was almost a solid. All I could see was green. Ben doesnt believe in anything. He cannot refuse to admit this story. We were looking for the no hunting sign and had just past it. I put the car in reverse to go get to it. My foot was just leaving the break when everything was a liquified green. It was in the car! 

I remember pushing the break and the light stopped for half a second. Then it was back. It was like going from black to white. After the light came back, I turned my head to the right and looked at Ben. He nodded at me. Nothing was said. I put the car into drive and drove off at a normal pace.

That story seems all swell and dandy. You would have to have been there to really experience what we did. Ben refuses to make a big deal about it. I don't shy away from it. The main reason I don't shy away from it is I have a very distinct green mark on my forehead. My parents say I wasnt born with it. I have no clue where it came from. I don't know if it has anything to do with the green lights. I do use it as an effect in parties when talking about the green lights. Either way, I want to know if this has happened to others and they have marks.

I also saw a lighted feather drop very slowly when I lived in Inver Grove Heights, MN around 1983. I will never forget the sight. I was looking south east. The lights were almost due south. I thought a plane was crashing at 5 years old. I understood feathers, but had never seen a blue and red lighted feather sift down to the ground.
