{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-11-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5475065","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85236","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3580,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/065/mufon-5475065.json","updb_database_id":5475065}
{cak} No UFO noticed.

I am now 25 years old but would like to submit in regards to some events that have occurred
when I was 14 years old starting on the day before thanksgiving (Nov. 24 2004) in Leesport, Pennsylvania. I have decided to go public about the terrifying things that have happened.

It was a strange day on Nov. 24 2004, I caught glimpse of a TV show talking about a man who can practically
"summon" UFO's... I was skeptical, even at a young age, but thought that since it was my own voice inside of my
own head, that it would save me the embarrassment if I gave it a try. I basically asked to meet the pilots of these
strange craft, and to learn about the vehicles and how they work. A couple of hours later I was shocked to see a report
on a separate channel, a news channel, that there was a UFO spotted over Reading, Pennsylvania, only minutes from where we
lived at the time. A few hours later in the middle of the night, I had been awakened, terrified by two alien beings, commonly referred
to as "the grays" standing in front of me, staring at me at my bedside. I don't know how they did it, but they had woken me up telepathically some how. 
I clearly remember the red capital letters "WAKE UP" flashing before my closed eyelids and an alarm like buzzing inside of my head in an
intense vibration. It woke me up immediately, and when I saw them in front of me, one that was closer to me was much taller than the other.I had immediately panicked, throwing the blankets over myself and trying
to calm my respiration and heart rate, I waited and waited for them to leave. It was sheer terror, and the scariest night of my life. I heard feet rustling on the carpet, and as daylight began to break, I took a cautious peek
to see that they had left.

A few nights later, I had an urge to watch television on a late school night. My stepmom used to hide the remote in a office drawer in the kitchen. I'm not sure what had caused the urge to watch tv at such an odd hour, I suppose I was still shaken from a few nights prior. I had come to notice that the remote was nowhere to be found in the drawer, so I had looked around the counter top, turned around and skimmed the counter top of the kitchen island, only to see the same creature from nights before standing outside of the kitchen window, staring at me. Startled, I must have jumped 3 feet in the are and ran out of the kitchen and up the steps to my bedroom. That same night I had a strange and vivid nightmare of my blankets being lifted into the air and being dragged out of my bed by the ankles by the hands of two shorter grays, then being returned to my bed and watching them leave through a strange pink portal in the wall.

I am now an artist/painter, and I've attached an image of a digital DRAWING depicting what I have seen on the Nov. 24th night.
