{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-07 11:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527065","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28580","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2702,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/065/mufon-5527065.json","updb_database_id":5527065}
Stationary bright oval shaped object narrows to vertical slit, then vanishes in clear blue sky

Location: Varnell, Whitfield County,Georgia 
GPS location latitude 34.899448, longitude -84.914703
construction sight of new north-east Whitfield High School, just east of Prater's Mill
I was working outside on the construction sight. At 11:30 am Eastern Daylight Saving Time (I checked the time immediately after the sighting), I happened to look up facing south into the clear blue sky. I saw an incredibly bright, shiny, white oval or square shaped object. It was about the size of a fingernail at arm length. It was stationary. I cannot estimate it's distance, there were no clouds in the sky at all. As I watched, in about 2 seconds it narrowed from an oval to a vertical slit, still bright white. It remained a slit for a couple of seconds, then vanished. The total time I saw it was about 5 seconds. I saw nothing where it had been but the blue sky, no comtrail, no sound. I continued watching the spot where it had been for any movement for at least a minute more.
My first thought on seeing it was that it reminded me of a light I had seen in the evening sky in 1980 which vanished, but was much closer and larger. My next thought was relief that this was just an airplane reflecting sunlight and not some strange unidentified object. But then it didn't move, just stayed in one spot from my perspective. My next thought was that maybe its not an airplane? Then it narrowed into a vertical slit, still not moving, and I thought "How could an airplane do that?" And then the slit vanished. It was not all that small, not just a pinpoint of light. I can't see how an airplane of that size could just vanish without a trace. 
It looked like a portal closing, like you see in the movies. I keep trying to convince myself that it was an airplane banking and reflecting the noonday sun from it's surface. But it didn't have the shape of an airplane, it was oval, or maybe rectangular. And then where did it go?
The best way I can describe what I saw was that it looked like a bright portal in the sky closing.
