{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-26 19:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528065","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27533","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3831,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/065/mufon-5528065.json","updb_database_id":5528065}
Intensely bright craft emitting red and white colors

I left my home to go get some smokes from a store located right around the corner. When I first pulled out heading south on the road heading towards the store I noticed quite a large light in what appeared to be a star in the sky to the south and real low.  Being interested in astronomy I immediately wanted to investigate what this 'planet' was or what 'star' it was that was flickering so brilliantly, so upon arrival at the corner store I pulled out my handy little smartphone and opened an app that locates stars and such. As I'm looking between my phone and this object it kept getting brighter and brighter, twinkling more and more violently between red, white and sometimes even an almost orangish color. I immediately note that they are no cosmic entities located in the sky to the south, such as planets or brightly lit stars and I thought perhaps I was STILL just seeing a star low shining across the atmosphere, something like how the moon looks elongated horizontally and holds almost a reddish orange hue when it peeks up over the horizon. At no point in time did I think I was witnessing a u.f.o. even though I've seen and heard of a couple strange flying craft/lights in the skies over Houston as of late.  As I became increasingly frustrated with being unable to identify what this astronomical object was I noticed it was beginning to move. It began to move east and immediately the 'flickering' dimmed as it transitioned from hovering to moving eastbound very slowly.  
  At this point I had become so intrigued with what I was witnessing that I started up my truck again, neglecting the task of getting smokes and began to drive out of the parking lot. Simply because within the 24 hours before this sighting I had witnessed 2 magnificent 'shooting stars' within 12 hours of each other. This being the reason I was looking to the sky in the first place, this object had peaked my interest a great deal. As I began to drive out of the parking lot I lost sight for a split second behind an apartment building. As my line of sight was cleared of the obstruction I immediately picked up on the orb/star/whatever the hell it was again and noticed it was beginning to move more rapidly still flickering from red to white only it appeared as if the red light was towards the back end of the orb and it transitioned to white light to the front of the 'craft'. As I pulled up to a stop sign and the object was moving more rapidly, in what appeared to be in a south easterly direction now, it vanished.  The thing is it was beyond clear in the evening not a cloud in sight, you could see the stars surprisingly well for being in the polluted Houston area. So there is absolutely no way it 'vanished' into clouds. After it disappeared, I was almost certain I had witnessed yet another ufo phenomena and immediately felt 'chilled to the bone.' I didn't want to tell anyone mainly because the reaction I have received when I have talked of other things I've seen in the sky, but decided to report it in hopes that if anybody else saw this would be researching it, and know that someone else witnessed it... hopefully in turn making them feel like less of a kook than I do right now.
