{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-05-10 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524065","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31833","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7522,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/065/mufon-5524065.json","updb_database_id":5524065}
Over 30 triangular crafts seen during an hour and a half time span

Here is the statement that I wrote down the morning after the incident as soon as I woke up (names have been omitted and a few details have been added in parenthesis for further explanation): 

Last night I experienced one of the freakiest events I have ever witnessed. My husband and I got back from a walk with our dog at approximately 9:45pm, then we went and sat on my mother in law's back porch to enjoy the night and just talk. (We were visiting my mother in law in Oakland, TN but we lived in Nashville at the time.) We were outside for about 10-15 minutes when on the horizon a bright orange light appeared out of nowhere right above the tree line in the field behind the house. It grew brighter to a rich amber color, then dimmed to a white light, all while hovering in the same place it first appeared. Then, it began to move erratically, shooting straight up, straight down, and suddenly from side to side. It then proceeded to fly to our left (west toward Memphis and the Mississippi River), stopped over the field, and hovered there for 30-60 seconds. It then began flying toward us and flew diagonally above the house. We clearly saw three big lights and several smaller lights on the underbelly of the craft. It was clearly not an airplane for it had no wings and no tail- it was a solid craft in a triangular shape. It flew very close to us, yet we heard no noise coming from it. We could not believe what we were seeing with our own eyes.

We watched the craft until it was out of eyesight. It flew southwest toward Memphis/Mississipi. We sat on the back porch again completely shocked and astonished over what we had just seen. It was difficult to accept. Not two minutes later another light appeared in the same spot the first one appeared, and it did the exact same thing as Craft #1. It began as an orange light that quickly grew brighter into an amber color, then dimmed to a white light- all while hovering in the same spot. It also flew west, stopped, and hovered in the exact same spot over the field as the first. The field where they appeared and then proceeded to hover over is behind the house which is on a five acre lot. This field that is behind the house is a total of 296 acres of unoccupied farmland. Craft #2 hovered in that field for 60-90 seconds before flying erratically around, appearing to bounce around in the night sky. Then it flew directly west across the horizon.

While Craft #2 was still in view, a third craft appeared in exactly the same spot and same fashion. It appeared as an orange light, grew to a bright amber, then into a bright white light, flew west and hovered over the same spot in the field as the others. It hovered there for 2-3 minutes. Again, it began to also move erratically like it was dancing in the sky. It flew in pretty much the same flight path as Craft #1, diagonally over the house. We could clearly see the underbelly lights and it1s triangular shape. Like the first, it produced minimal to no noise. Diagonally it was about 1- 1.5 football fields away.

At this point we were in complete shock and disbelief. I called my friend (name withheld) to describe the three crafts we had seen. While on the phone with her, a fourth craft appeared in the exact same manner as the first three. It followed the same path as Craft #2 which flew directly west across the horizon. While watching craft #4, a fifth craft flew from the west over our heads due east. It was less than a football field above us and was about 15 degrees lower than being directly above our heads. This craft was the one we could see the clearest with our own eyes. It was a triangular craft with three white lights in the middle, and blue and red lights on the sides. Even though it was so close to us, we still heard no noise.

At that point, my mother in law got binoculars for us to use. The crafts kept appearing in the exact same fashion. Over the course of one and a half hours, we saw a total of 33-35 crafts. I kept count until we reached the 30th craft, and we saw several more after that. At the time we saw the 20th to 21st craft, we could see six in the sky at one time. Three were hovering for several minutes right above the tree line, so still they could be mistaken for stars. The three others were flying in the sky. We began looking at the crafts through binoculars starting with the 6th craft. My husband and I each saw around 20 crafts through the binoculars. We could see them very clearly. Approximately half the crafts were in a triangular shape and the other half were circular in shape. The triangular shaped crafts had three lights in the middle while red and blue lights on the edges, and the circular shaped crafts had one light in the middle with white, red, and blue lights around the circumference. Crafts #1 and #3 flew southwest towards Memphis/ Mississippi, most of the crafts including #2 and #4 flew directly west towards Memphis/ Arkansas, one flew directly south toward Mississippi, and a couple flew east toward Nashville.
The crafts began appearing pretty quickly from about the 10th craft on, with six being seen at one time around the 20th craft. After about the 20th craft, they began slowing down in their appearance and we began seeing about three to four in the sky at one time. Around 11:00 pm I had counted 30 crafts. We went inside around 15 minutes later, and one appeared right before we went in. There1s no telling when they stopped.
I am in shock and in disbelief, but I know what we saw. It truly was the weirdest night of my life!

That was the actual written account the morning after the incident. The day after the sightings my husband and I put on old clothes, got our dog and camera ready, and set out on a journey to find the area where most of the crafts appeared from. We found the field and were pleasantly surprised to find evidence. Among the green grass field, we found three distinct spots that were abnormal. They were large, swirled patterns of dead grass. We took lots of pictures and video. That night we decided to camp out again to see if they returned. They sure enough did! We had our binoculars and video camera. The video camera picked up the lights in the sky and our audio story as we saw the crafts, but it isn't the best quality visually. One of the crafts that night flew directly over the house from the back door to the front door due south, only about 300 feet above our heads. Again, we could clearly see details of the triangular craft. We also could see details with our binoculars. This event has changed our lives.
