{"collection":"UPDB-NICAP","document_date":"1950-10-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-nicap-report-5177424","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_external_id":"1iyfqq8","source_file":"UPDB-NICAP/database/reports.tsv.gz","updb_database_id":5177424,"updb_source":"NICAP"}
Lab Employee Sees Flash/Radiation Detected at Oak RidgeCase
Directory - Category: 01; Distant
Encounters

Subject:
Oak Ridge I-10 Lab Employee Sees "the Flying Saucer"/Radiation Detected

Date:
October 23, 1950

Location:
Oak Ridge, TN

Francis
Ridge:
This one isn't listed anywhere; Blue Book Unknowns, CCPBBU
(Sparks updated list), Hatch's *U* Database with nuclear
connection. But the witness told the Clinton Courier-News said he
saw an object generally referred to as "the flying saucer". This
article was quoted in a 2 November 1950 FBI document. Sighting was not
verified by radar, the document (page 2) says.

Bruce Maccabee:

On October 23, at 4:30 PM, Francis
Miller, an Oak Ridge laboratory employee, while driving along a road in
Oak Ridge saw an object that appeared to be less than half a mile away
and between 1,000 and 2,000 feet up. It appeared as an “aluminum
flash” that was traveling in a south-southeast direction. He only
saw it for a few seconds. Subsequently it was discovered that a
nuclear radiation detection station (a Geiger counter) in the vicinity
of the sighting registered a burst of alpha and beta
radiation.  The purpose of this station was to detect any
leaks of radiation from the Oak Ridge Laboratory. There was no
leakage of radiation, however. An expert from the Health and
Research Division analyzed the readings from the Geiger counter and
pronounced them unexplained. This association between radiation
detection and a UFO sighting was similar to that at Mt. Palomar
mentioned in Chapter 13.  Whether the reading of the Geiger
counter was actually a result of nuclear radiations or whether the
presence of the UFO induced a transient electrical fault in the counter
or whether there was some other explanation is not known.
This case does not appear in the Project Blue Book file.

For
reports, documentation, analysis or discussions - see below:

UFO
Incident At Oak Ridge - Jan Aldrich/Greenwood File

FBI Document,
dated 2 November 1950, Page 1
FBI
Document, Page 2
FBI
Document, dated 10 November 1950

The
Oak Ridge
Page
