{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-07 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509867","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48548","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3691,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/867/mufon-5509867.json","updb_database_id":5509867}
{rjl} Moving star on straight path- breif illumination outshined everything in sky

My sister and I chose Telos Lake as our destination for a camping trip. It was just before season had started, and there were very few (if any) other campers/loggers around at the time. Being a photographer, who was just starting to learn how to shoot low-light/night photography, I chose this area specifically because of its remoteness and ZERO light pollution. Just as the sun was starting to set, we set up two chairs facing the lake itself, and began taking in the gorgeous night sky, as star after star became visible. The stars were out for around 30 minutes, and we began to see and take note of the man-made satellites, which were WAY up high in the sky, and looked like little moving stars almost, which all followed the same directional paths, not changing at all in brightness or speed. We knew what they were. After viewing maybe 10-12 of these satellites, over a period of roughly an hour, we both noticed what we thought was another satellite, but this one was a bit different. It was WAY lower than any of the previous satellites we had observed. It was actually as low or lower than planes were flying. We were watching it move in the same fashion as the satellites, in a straight path, with a constant speed. It was a solid, sphere/orb shape, with a white/blue tone to it, exactly like a star. Just as I had said "Man, that thing looks WAY lower than the other satellites we saw.." It was as if someone had a dimmer switch, and for a brief second, the object got brighter. REALLY bright. It out-shined every single star in the sky, by a long shot. The moon was out of our view, but I would estimate that it shined brighter than even our Lunar counterpart. Just as quickly as it brightened, it faded back to its original brightness, which was comparable to the stars in the sky. During the whole encounter the object never stopped, slowed down, nothing... it continued on its flight trajectory in a single line. (It was NOT a helicopter with a spotlight, for there was absolutely NO sound at all. It also wasnt a shooting star- of which i have seen hundreds throughout my lifetime. It was moving MUCH too slow to be a shooting star....) So, I turned to my sister, and reluctantly said, "Ummm, did you just see that?" She says "Yeah, I did..." Then I replied, "Good, cause for a moment I thought i was hallucinating!" But we werent. Now, heres the kicker... I have ALWAYS WANTED to see an "ufo"... as far back as I can remember, Ive been fascinated by the thought my entire life. BUT- after having actually SEEN one with my own eyes... to my surprise, I didn't have the desire to tell everyone and/or share my experience with others. Ive told maybe 2-3 close friends, and posted it on this page, and thats as far as I have gone with any disclosure about the incident. Whats interesting to note, is that we were only 10 miles from where the famous "Allagash Abduction" took place, on Eagle Lake. Im still trying to find a logical explanation for what we saw, and so far, I have nothing.
