{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-06-01 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470867","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89619","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4149,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/867/mufon-5470867.json","updb_database_id":5470867}
{rjl} Entity

I was sleeping on the couch at my parents house (I was ~ 20 years old) when I noticed the light outside the window behind the couch. I looked out the window and approximately 200 ft from the window on the open grass on a concrete basketball court I saw approximately 4 feet off the ground a bright white light which I later decided was a rip in space, the only way I can describe it. This bright light or hole which was probably only 3 or 4 ft in diameter I saw 3-5 aliens or whatever you want to call them exit out of the hole. Somehow I knew that they were going to come over to where I was and this terrified me. I did not actually see them walk from a basketball court and over the lawn to the window which was approximately a foot and a half from my body. So, it's the couch between me and the window. On the outside of the window 3 is what I remember 3 of the grey aliens where staring down at me. I tried to move but my entire body was not responding and I was frozen... Frozen's probably the wrong word it was like I was a quadriplegic or something the only thing that I could move was my eyelids and my eyes so I could look over and see them staring down at me. Their faces were proximately 3 feet at the most away from mine still looking through the window directly into my face. I was fully awake and this continued for I'm guessing somewhere between 15 minutes and 1/2 an hour. I know that seems like a big variance for one who is describing something that occurred when they were completely awake but it was a terrifying experience and I suspect a minute may have lasted in my mind forever. Subsequently I discovered that people had sleep paralysis and describe something similar to this. However, this was not sleep paralysis I was wide awake and aware and I know what I saw so the paralysis started sometime after I saw them come out of the light or the basketball court and I was laying back on the couch and at some point they paralyzed me they seem to enjoy it and I seem to be either reading their thoughts or or something to know that...or more correctly they communicated that to me without speech.
Other than staring at me I don't know what else they were trying to accomplish. During this encounter I was struggling with all of my might to try to move even one little finger I could feel my body all over. I could not move it, I tried and I tried to try and fight them to get away from them I would have went down the hallway to my room and picked out my 243 to blow them away if I could of but I could not move.Then they left. I did not see how the exited but I imagine it was the same hole. I have the distinct feeling that this has happened several times and may happen again but that that was the only incident that I remember. Possibly I remember them when I was ~ 5Yes old in Missoula, Mt. but that could be just a bad dream.
I did tell some family members and a couple of friends about it but I described it as the worst bad dream ever but I'm letting you know it was never a dream I was wide awake and aware. 
Now approximately 30 years later I have the guts to at least report this to you in hopes it may help somebody or you guys with your research. I am mentally stable I have managed millions of Acres of federal land as the primary land officer. I am a GS-13 30 year federal employee with a staff of 30. I'm not some nutcase and I'm scientifically trained I have had no mental issues no drug issues and I have a very long and responsible career, family life and I'm letting you know this actually happened.
