{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-23 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503867","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55045","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3322,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/867/mufon-5503867.json","updb_database_id":5503867}
{kt}saw unknown descend then hover , after looking at me I followed and made contact

A friend and I were sitting on my patio enjoying the cool night air relaxing after work. The patio to my apartment faced a small open courtyard shared by three other apartment buildings. As we were talking something caught my eye and I noticed what I initially thought was a t shirt/ plastic shopping bag fall from the second story of the building across from where I was sitting at(around 25 yards away) but how it fell and the color and size seemed way off to me. I kept talking to my friend but my full attention turned to this object because it never touched the ground and was hovering about 5-6 feet above the ground and was completely still. My friend kept talking but she quickly fell silent after noticing the object. After the object hovered for about ten seconds it started moving to and around the doors and windows of other apartments and appeared to look into the windows, as it did this it was completely motionless and still about 5 feet off the ground, except when it observed the windows of the second story windows it was around 15 foot off the ground. As this was happening I was not scared but tried to act like it was not happening because I was unsure about the capabilities of this object. The object kept floating up and down "observing" then after several minutes flew directly to where we were sitting then abruptly turned to its left (our right). I then got an excellent look at it, it was about the size of a basketball but was transparent and it resembled a human brain, and appeared to have beady eyes which looked right at me.  I then stood up in amazement and it turned and looked directly at me and raised up about a foot almost instantaneously then took off behind the building to my right, I then followed it and my friend followed behind me. I saw the object hovering about 6 feet off the ground close to the apartment buildings exterior wall as I approached. When I got 5 feet from it the object it immediately raised up to 10 feet I then reached towards it and it raised up a few more feet, I am 6'4"-6'5" and when I raise my hand all the way up its closer to 9 feet. But when I lowered my hand the object dropped in height, I then raised my hand again and it raised again I lowered my hand and it lowered. Then I slowly raised my hand again and the object lowered itself allowing me to touch it for a few seconds. I felt very calm after touching the object and lowered my hand after it raised up again. My dad came outside to see what where I was and my dog was barking a lot. It then looked at me then abruptly shot off into the sky, I watched it as long as I could until it vanished into the night sky.
