{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-07-15 21:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490867","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68708","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2712,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/867/mufon-5490867.json","updb_database_id":5490867}
we communicated with something and were examined

In 1965 my friend and i were living in calgary alberta. we had just come from red lake ontario. i was 18 at the time . my friend rick was 16. one evening we went to the calgary drive in movie lot at dusk. the cartoons came up first on the screen. we were in my car watching them.just as the main movie was starting it suddenly got very bright out side. there was a brilliant light above us so bright that the gravel in the lot looked white.rick said i did not see flood lights above this place. people were honking their car horns in protest.
the lot was full of teen age kids most had dates. two small four foot grey beings came to our car.i heard in my head that one was asking me questions. there was no sound from it. it s small lips did not move. it said you are both male. why do you not have females with you? do you mate with each outher. i replied we are not from here. we are hoping to find females. we come from ontario. we were taken somehow to an inspection area and placed on a table. there were lots of tables there with teens on them. we were examined by much taller 5 or 6 foot greys with almond shaped eyes and big heads.  the next thing i knew we were back in my car and the sun was comming up. it was saturday morning. rick asked what happened to us? i told him stay here i am going to the confectionary to ask outher kids questions.
 one girl was freeking out there were lots of guys and girls. there was total confusion there.  she was saying he was doing things to me. personal private things. her boyfriend was a big guy that was really angry.he asked her who did was it that guy and pointed at me.  i left as i did not want trouble from him. i went back to my car. rick asked what do you know. i told rick all i know for sure is that it is morning the sun is comming up and we missed the movie so lets go home. when i undressed for bed i noticed a small quarter inch egg shaped mark on my inner thigh. it was light brown. it did not hurt. i still have it there to this day. i am now a senior citisen and have often wondered what took place that night
