{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-02-08 08:19:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285867","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117532","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3026,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/867/mufon-5285867.json","updb_database_id":5285867}
32 objects seen over Dothan AL

On the morning of 8 Feb 2021, I was working in a mobile crane at the 9Location Removed to Investigators Report Section/cms/LLL) in Dothan AL when I looked up and saw an object that appeared to be illuminated which was strange to me , and when I looked closer I could see what I estimated at the time to be about 30 addidtional objects moving near the larger one. I got out my cell phone and tried to get a picture of the objects, and got a video instead which worked out in my favor since the objects appeared too small to get a clear still picture of. I also saw a vulture flying "in front" of the objects; at probably half of the distance to the objects (for scale). I watched for aproximately 5 minutes and decided to call my wife and let her know what I'd seen- she told me I should probably call the airport and ask if they where seeing anything. So I called the airtraffic control tower at the Dothan Regional Airport and they suggessted that it was the helicopter that operating to the south of Dothan (which I could also see, behind me). I explained that I could see the helicopter and thaty I was VERY familiar with helicopters since I was a flight medic in the army on board a MEDEVAC Blackhawk (UH 60) for 14 years. Then they explained that jets out of Tyndall Air Force Base often flew through the area but that they were not seeing any on radar. He asked if they were at a high altitude and if they were a danger to aircraft. I said they were definitely above 1000-1500 feet and probably 1-1 1/2 miles to the north of where I was. I told him I had a video and asked if I should try to send it to him and he said no, he wanted nothing to do with any video- so I hung up with him and watched for another minute or two until the objects got behind trees that where to my left (north west). I was workling on a crane job and had a break in the work, so I climbed down and asked if anyone else saw them and one of my riggers said he had seen the lights and objects but didnt want to mention that to anyone(?!?) my boss arrived a few minutes after all of this, and he said he didnt want anything to do with knowing about any little green men, and joked with me about whether I needed to be drug tested.
