{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-06 20:41:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452867","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108768","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3029,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/867/mufon-5452867.json","updb_database_id":5452867}
Observed two bright red pulsating objects pass overhead heading East to West. Object distortion with fuzzy, block-like panels to disguise shape.

Standing in a friend's garden @ approximately 8:40pm looking North. Twilight - cloudless sky. Looked West and mentioned that the commercial aircraft flying West to East @30,000+ ft. was the "first one I had seen this week". I then looked East to assess the commercial flight's likely destination when I spotted two staggered objects with lights heading East to West, almost directly towards our location. Objects flew at approx. 200-300 knots, maintaining constant altitude and heading. Only discernable noise was from the commercial aircraft flying overhead above 30,000 ft. No other visable, known aircraft in the sky due to virus lockdown.

I knew instantly that these were not aircraft (Military aircraft recognition, Commercial Pilot's license, etc.) and I jokingly called over to my friend Jeff and asked "if he wanted to see a couple of UFO's". We stood shoulder to shoulder and watched them both pass over, one 200-500ft. behind the other. My friend was visually shaken at what he saw.

From my perspective, the objects appeared to be scarlett bright red, disc shaped objects. As a trained observer, I struggeled to define the shape as it appeared to be employing some type of visual camoflage (even though they were bright red!) to mask the true shape. The edges of the object were blurred with visual static and the shape distorted by random red block panels - some vertical and some horizontal - but blended into each other to disguise the object's form (reminded me of camoflague used on ships during WWII).

From initial sighting to taking a hurried picture, 40 seconds horizon to losing sight as the headed West.

The image shows two translucent triangular objects in the middle of the image, and the contrail of the commercial flight seen prior to the sighting. The objects were just visable and were still red, although the image does not reflect this color. I therefore made a sketch (also attached) of the objects. 

With the lack of aircraft due to the lockdown and the fact that this happened within the SFO TCA, there may be a good chance of radar coverage.
