{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-06 03:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493867","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65634","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3087,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/867/mufon-5493867.json","updb_database_id":5493867}
A UFO abducted me and my friends.

Hi, my name is fahad and i live in karachi,sindh,pakistan. on the night of feburary 6th i was with my friends late night. There was electricity loadshedding in our area and due to summer we went out to sit in a park due to heat in the houses.

it was 2.30am we walked out gather around and walked to the park. as we approched the park we sit inside and my friends start smoking right after half hour or 25 mints we noticed a star like light much brighter and bigger getting closer to us slowly. we thought its a plane or something and didnt paid attention to it. The light keep coming closer and it got that closed that we can see its shape. it was diamond like object and it was not a human made craft. we were shocked to see it. it was glowing white and arround it different light were blinking like red blue orange yellow. we were so excited as my friend said hey let me make a video of this and he took out his phone. as he took out his phone it went dead like battery was sucked dry. the light come closer and closer and right after few seconds it was only 20 to 30 feet above us. my friends were in panik and shacking due to fear i was also very shocked.as we are thinking how to get rid of this situation a very bright beem of light which was coloured off-white shine straight towards us from blow the diomond shaped ufo and suddenly me and my friends were parolized. we were unable to move not even a finger and unable to say anything.

There was no one in the park due to late night. this is the last thing i remember of being parolized. and after that when we woke up we were in the same park laying on the grass. we were 3 friends including me.my friends woke me up at that time we coudnt remember any thing that happend to us and after 3 days when i tried to remember what happened then this is the whole story i remember. i also ask my friends and they also remembered the same thing only till we got paralized. then i noticed that this indcident happend to us at 3.15 am or so and when we woke up in the park it was 4.30am when i got to the home it was 4.45am in the morning. i was suprised and at the time i thought we would have sleept in the park but now i think me and my friends were abduced by that ufo. iam sharing my story here cuz it is real. we were so scared that we didnt told our story to any one else that they would think that we are crazy. overall nothing happend after the ufo experience and we didnt felt any thing uncomfortable till now.
