{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529867","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25641","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5807,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/867/mufon-5529867.json","updb_database_id":5529867}
Blueish light. Intense and radiant

A group of us were coming back from an SCCA car race at Sears Point, Ca. The group was divided into two vehicles. The lead vehicle was a pick up truck which was towing the Formula Ford race car on an open trailer. In its cab were three of us; all friends of about the same age..approximately 22 to 25 years of age. The railing vehicle was a late model BMW sedan in which there were five occupants. We were headed south on highway 5, returning home after a long weekend of racing.

There was very little traffic on the highway (it was lightly travelled at the time) and we were probably traveling in excess of 60 miles per hour as the old truck just didn't have much torque; the motor was tired. Approximately 70 or so miles south of the junction of the ..... and the 5 we noticed far in the distance the presence of several 5 or 6 oval shaped, intense blue lights moving erratically from east to west across the highway. The lights moved in random directions, up and down and sideways, orbiting each other at times but with no specific discernible purpose or direct linkage. At first site we remarked that it had to be a police helicopter. An interesting observation is that although two of us had flight experience and knew aviation well, we nevertheless described these lights as belonging to a helicopter.....in reality, no helicopter would demonstrate this peculiar behavior. It was almost as though at not being able to describe what the lights were, we unanimously decided that they were a helicopter. What follows is a glimpse into just how cognizant the human animal is regarding the unearthly aspect of this phenomenon. This ascribing of an explanation is the beginning of the panic.

The lights slowly crossed the highway from east to west until they were off the road to our right, (west of highway 5). They stopped their east-west movement and waited until our vehicles were abeam of their position. How far they were from us is difficult to estimate as the night was pitch black and there were no reference points visible. You could just barely make out the outlines of the rolling barren hills that wind their way to the west of the highway, behind the light sources. They continued to orbit and move in random directions. At once we were gripped with a sudden and inescapable realization that what we were witnessing was not from our planet. It was intuitively obvious that these lights were under some form of control and their behavior was not of this world. All three of us in the cabin of the truck began to scream and to urge the driver to speed up. We didn't know that the same form of hysteria had possessed the occupants of the car behind ours. The best recollection I have of the physical manifestations of these objects/lights was that they behaved as luminous objects that possessed a brilliantly, almost incandescently lighted exterior envelope. It is as though the skin of the object was intensely luminous, giving out an incandescent blueish light, very similar to the light emitted by an electric arch TIG or MIG welder; that kind of intensity and localized focus. The color was constant across the oval; it did not differ in shade. The edges of the light were not sharply demarcated but "fuzzy". 

The objects/lights followed us for a few minutes, staying abeam of our vehicles but maintaining their random pseudo-orbital movements. I can vividly remember the sheer horror of the experience and the panic inside that truck cab. We were smart kids who knew about flight; this was no ordinary man-made machine. This was from out of this world and we just knew we had to run away. Almost a limbic response to the stimulus. Odd. I remember that for a brief period of time the objects came marginally closer to our vehicles (closing the distance by half or so) and they then suddenly separated and flew in widely different directions westward and at low altitude; almost in a terrain following mode. In a few seconds they had disappeared.

The crush of the last few minutes of sheer horror slowly subsided and we began to slowly disengage (best word to describe the feeling) from the event. We talked about it in questioning tones for a few minutes and then silence until the next gas stop. By the time we were half way home we had stopped talking about the incident. When we arrived in Los Angeles all of us spoke maybe a few words about the incident in the driveway and that was it. For the past thirty-five years we have NEVER touched the subject. EVER. All of us except for the driver of the trailing vehicle who passed away some time after the incident, have remained in constant touch and we see each other regularly. We have been the best of friends for all of these years.

What is extremely interesting is that I have wanted to broach the subject with my circle of friends on multiple occasions and something holds me back. I don't know what it is but it is a powerful subconscious force at work.

The events I have just listed occurred exactly as I have described them. I have done this to the best of my recollection and abilities. None of this has been dramatized or embellished. The events remains deeply etched in my memory.
