{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-06-27 22:49:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459867","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101585","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2605,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/867/mufon-5459867.json","updb_database_id":5459867}
{tjd} Triangular craft over highway

UFO SIGHTING
OHIO

On 6/27/2019, at approximately 2249, while traveling east on I-70, between Dayton and Springfield, Ohio, closest to Dayton, my godson and I witnessed a dark triangular aircraft over the highway.

I was the first to notice what appeared to be, what I assumed was a low flying passenger plane crossing the highway, from the Northeast to the Southwest. But right away I noticed that something was off about the craft because it was moving at a pace I would attribute to a much slower pace than a passenger jet, like that of a blimp but faster. The craft had three white lights on the corners of what I then realized was a triangular craft, with two red lights as well, one on each of two sides, for a total of five lights. The body of the craft was very dark, possibly black and was slightly illuminated by the highway traffic and street lights below. This allowed me to see that there were additional features to the craft along the underside but it was too dark to discern details. I also thought briefly that it reminded me of a stealth bomber but it moved much too slow. It's size was equivalent to a large passenger jet, like the Boeing 737. The craft made no sound and appeared to be a couple hundred feet above the highway. It then pivoted while directly over the middle of the highway, towards the West and moved over us, at which time I slapped my godson on his leg, in the passenger seat, while pointing toward the passenger side windows, "Look!" His reaction was swift when he looked out his window and then turned to me and described a triangular craft no longer moving, as if hovering. But when he looked back, he said it was gone. I did not tell him what to look at, when I got his attention. The incident left us both stunned. We both knew what we saw was not a plane that we were aware of and was not a helicopter of any sort, nor a blimp or balloon. The entire incident lasted no longer than three minutes according to the dashboard clock.
