{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-29 05:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289867","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113485","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5147,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/867/mufon-5289867.json","updb_database_id":5289867}
A round wheel like craft with bright red blinking panels that blinked around the outside edge of the craft

I am a prof. and a govt. worker. I have a 40 mile daily commute to my office which often in the winter months , I am going to work in the dark. One morning as usual I went out to my vehicle to start my daily commute . I live out in the country and have about 10 miles of dirt country roads to take me to the freeway . I have been driving this route for over 20 years. At approx 5:45 a.m I proceeded down my driveway heading to our county road and I observed something about maybe a mile or so east of my location heading west towards me but a little bit north also. It caught my attention because of the bright lights and the red bright lights that blinked around it in a circular motion. in the middle of it from that distance was a lot of what looked like to me aqua blue lights with a strong center darker blue light in the middle. I thought to myself that it was a plane but I never seen lights like this before ,then i thought maybe it was a helicopter or something but that didn't fit either . I continued on down this dirt road passing farms and hay fields and many forests blocking my view as I was heading north to get to the main highway . i caught occasional glimpses of the lights and it was still heading west towards my direction. after about 2 or 3 miles I came to a huge opening by hey fields and at that time the craft was literately about maybe 2 football field distance from me and moving east just above the trees . I estimated this object to be about 60 feet in diameter , it was huge and made no sound. I pulled over and stopped my vehicle to observe this and tried to figure out what I am seeing. It was not a conventional craft that is usually reported as it was a disc that flew slowly vertical!! I was blown away by the huge panels which I could see even though it was pitch dark because of how bright red they were. The red beams went from panel to the next panel blinking off and on in a circular motion. It was so dark that at first that was all I could make out but then the craft turned slightly toward me and I seen the face of the front which had what was a cross shaped group of lights that where turned slightly so the lights looked like a cross off centered to the left. The light were aqua blue like the sky on a sunny day and I could see that they illuminated grey shafts or beams like wide spokes on a wheel. It kept moving very slowly west without a sound . I then proceeded to head west then back north to get to the main highway to get a closer look but also that was my route to get on the freeway. Now I was blocked from view by heavy wooded areas until I got to the main highway and then stopped at the freeway entrance and once gain seen this craft /wheel still moving horizontally but now moving more southwest . I stopped and observed the back side of this craft and it had a huge beam of light blue in the center with only 4 lights in each upper and lower areas of the wheel. I cannot explain what I seen but it defiantly was a UFO. I told myself that it may be either a crazy satellite being launched or our govt. is experimenting with new found technology. I did find out threw research that the Carlton county police department had some reports of a UFO at this time and further data was told that what we where seeing was a local Casino light board which is about 15 miles away off the freeway and cannot be seen from my location. I then blew it off for months but after being compelled to find out about this phenomenon to at least report what I know I saw!!! This is no joke and I can give a better description of what I seen. Also their my have been panels between the beams and the lights which would make the craft solid at face as I could not see any stars or anything visible between the beams which i could see illuminated from the lights that once again ran the entire length of each beam (in a off centered cross) I was at one time about a football field away from it as it was directly in front of me but hovered and moved very slowly just above the treeline!! I know what I saw!! and cannot explain it !!! and never will forget it!! This next part may bring doubt and I kick myself today as why I didn't take any pictures or videos as my cell phone was right on my center counsel but very truthfully it never entered my mind as I was so captivated by what I was seeing and also thinking that it must be explainable at the time. As god is my witness this is a truthful account. thank you
