{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-28 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484867","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74932","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4797,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/867/mufon-5484867.json","updb_database_id":5484867}
{jpg} UFO.Migration? Many Observations. At least 20 UFOs(Some comprised of flat white circles). One in particular I can confirm it is structured(Visible Components) gliding about 10 MPH in Sharp, Slow Turns. 4+ UFOS seen descending to ground 70+ft away.

It was 9:15pm , and the stars were as clear as I'd ever seen them. I've never had a sighting I can confirm to be a UFO, until that Saturday Night: 28th of January, 2016. There was little air and road traffic at the time, and it was unusually warmer than recent days, with barely any wind. I never expected to see anything(As Usual), however, as I was adjusting my phone's camera settings, I saw a large figure looming right above me and the garage in front of me: Looking up, a Boomerang(30+ft across but thin), was...gliding(10-15MPH) in a circular motion taking a sharp right turn over my garage and out of sight. I was able to observe it's underside in great detail- Color: Dark(Blended with the night sky), it's Structure: Symmetrical, with Visible, Intricate Plates(Smooth Corners, No Significant Curvatures), Smooth Surface(Non-Metallic or Even See-Through), with 14+ small Rectangular White Lights aligned closer to the anterior than posterior. Moving Silently, at an altitude of about 50 ft(or double the height of my 2 story house). Because of the fact I've never seen a "UFO", it didn't cross my mind to chase it. Instead I waited for it to appear again. 
About 5 minutes later, my second sighting: A Somewhat Faint Yellow Glow, As if it were just above clouds(Were no clouds)approx. 100ft in altitude and 100ft away) The Form of an obtuse Triangle with Separated "Extensions" Coming from the anterior corners , Moving about 20mph in a straight path, to then Instantly Merge into a Brighter Yellow(Maybe Larger) Triangle just before accelerating to 100+MPH as it dissapeard in the distance. Same Figure was Spotted about 1-2 hours afterwards. Same altitude, only slow movement and no " extensions" visible, but both moved in a straight path. The faintly glowing figure(even in close range), was approx. the same size as the Boomerang Structure. 

I could say I saw 15 to 17 UFOS total. White, Flat circles of light(I'd like to call them "Propulsion Units") aligned themselves (individually) into wide-angled boomerangs. I assume these " Units" are circular in shapeor at least have no externally visible front, as the Formations they created were capable of Rotating as a whole, ranging from 50 to 100ft across, and usually asymmetrical. Therefore I can assume these "Units" are capable of suspending each other into these formations. With the exception of the "Letter T" Formations - All 4 that I saw shared these common traits:
1 - The front: Smaller in All Aspects, usually with 4 oval shaped lights(White) and always symmetrrical. This part is presumably a structure by itself.
2 - The Tail: Usually Asymetrical, Comprised of these "Propulsion Units"(All equal in size and color)
3 - All descending or hovering low(40-60ft max when first Spotted)

I'm on mobile, and this is too tedeous to complete at the moment. I will send sketches soon. There IS more, and I will submit a complete report soon. I will gladly answer any questions. I feel this is important because the Letter T shape UFOS are not at all common on the internet. There are more craft sightings I did not mention, I will have to add this in my next submission. From my observations alone I have come up with several theories in regards to the behavior of these crafts and their purpose. For example, the first UFO must be designed specifically for Agilty, Stealth, and who knows what else. The behavior alone can tell you so much. It was so low I could have thrown a rock at it. Please excuse the unprofessional report, this was somewhat urgent. It's really a case of being in the right place at the right time. I truly believe I witnessed some kind of " Migration". I continue to make theories as to why all these VARIOUS UFOS appeared to be so low to the ground and desecending. Honestly I don't expect ANYBODY to take this seriously without evidence other than sketches, especially when I saw no other pedestrians during this 3 hour event(9-12)
