{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526834","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28828","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2498,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/834/mufon-5526834.json","updb_database_id":5526834}
Smyrna

Case One
My first memory was of waking up in my grandparents house being abandoned. I walked into my grandparents living room, and I saw that only I was in the room. I walked into the dining room, and saw in the driveway a ten foot flying saucer landed. and then I saw a battalion of brown suite soldiers marching to my door with black rifles. I tried to hide, but then the door opened. Then a black out.

Case Two
I woke up to see that my houses hall was warping, my family computer and mouse was floating. I looked out the window, and a siren went off. I looked out the window, and I saw a flying saucer chased by a fighter jet. And then the flying saucer split into two flying saucers. I woke up with a scratch on my arm.

Case Three
This was when I was thirteen, I was at the beach swimming, and felt a jelly fish in my swimming suit, and pulled it out. It felt like 30 minutes passed, but in fact only 3 minutes passed. I discovered i had a rash between my legs. I then went to bed that night, and found myself pulled out of the window I couldnt normally reach. and then I saw a triangular craft pull me into the air. I woke up the next morning, with my underwear turned inside out, and a black mark that lasts to this day.

Case Four
In this case, I saw 6 grey like being standing in front of my bed. They were about 6 ft tall, and that had no apparent face. The incident lasted 3 minutes.

Case Five
This one was this year, I had a dream were an insectlike creature was crawling all over my walls, and then it turned its head 900 degress, and then starred at me with daggers.

Case Six
In this case, I had a dream were instead of seeing a jet fighter chasing the ufo, it was the ufo chasing the jet fighter. All in all, I'm not so much scared, as I am crepped out, and totally confused.
