{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-10 06:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497834","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61475","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2666,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/834/mufon-5497834.json","updb_database_id":5497834}
Unwavering glowing orb - white in color with an amber tint - seen over North London

I woke up at around 6am to go to the toilet and noticed it was dawn. I also noticed that there was a strange glowing orb in the sky, about 80-120 ft away from my bedroom window and hovering over the flats. Half-asleep at the time, and so thinking it must have been the moon or something, I left the room and went to the toilet. When I came back, however, I had woken up enough to realize that it was way too bright to be the moon. I observed it for another minute and didn't really know it was. It felt strange to observe, the way it was so bright and was so unlike anything I had ever seen before. Bleary eyed and tired still, I reached for my phone and set the camera to work. My partner woke up and asked me what I was doing. I started taking pictures and told her. She saw the object as well but dismissed it as a star and told me to go back to bed and stop disturbing her. I remember thinking that it was way to big to be a star, or a planet, way too bright to be the moon, was clearly not the sun and was not a helicopter, plane or Chinese lantern either. It was completely stationary and, as I say, very bright and unlike anything I had ever seen. All I knew at the time was it was weird. Happy that I had at least taken some pictures, I went back to bed and dismissed it as a strange anomaly. It has bothered me for some time, though, especially that we did not watch it for longer. Since then, I have kept looking at the photos, unsure of what to do with them. Could this be a UFO? I would be very interested to submit this to MUFON for your opinion, so here they are.
