{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-08 20:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454834","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106779","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5909,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/834/mufon-5454834.json","updb_database_id":5454834}
{jpg} Joshua Tree March 8 - Glowing object with web like rays spotted - military takes over air space 30 minutes later. Object observed during 90 minutes

Joshua Tree Park on March 8th around 8:05-8:10 PM an object is spotted in the sky which is brighter and larger than anything else in the sky. Upon taking a closer look, it could be seen that the object is emitting an intense glow and spiderweb-like "rays" making it look almost like a spider (the object/light/triangular-orb like object) which is floating on a spiderweb (emitted rays - not like light rays from a lamppost, etc which are fuzzy and go in all directions, these were distinctive, eminated straight from the obect in a straight line and after 4/5ths curved in aboput a 37 degree angle) during a very windy day. After observing the object for approx 10 minutes and previously seeing some commercial airflight traffic around (live next to LAX, very well familiar what a passenger plane's lights look like), military-like jets, flashing bright orange lights start to appear in the sky, heading over from what seemed like 29 palms area). As these orange planes began to appear from the east side, all passenger plane traffic seemed to have disappeared/rerouted (i.e., none in sight). The military jets starting flying in a straight line on the right of the object keeping a straight flight pattern (meanwhile this object is obviously hovering/bouncing stationary in the sky). After another 5-10 minutes very strange red lights appear in the sky (red only) - these lights (much smaller than the object) started moving way closer to the object one from the left side and another from the right. The one on the left side flew as close to the object as the other fighter jets before it (not very close) the one on the right flew very close to the object (at this time it seemed even like the red lights would go inside/dock inside the bright object), it did not and instead passed very close to it and started moving in our direction. Initially the object appeared to be another unidentified craft, but as it got closer, it seemed to be more aligned with a conventional craft, but having a shape and light pattern that Ive never seen (the object was completely triangular, almost like the laughing cow cheese) - since this plane moved in a straight line and did not skip or move around like the unidentified object. As this triangular plane flew towards us (and eventually right over our heads at a relatively low ~500-700 ft distance directly above, i was able to conclude that it seemed to be some high tech military jet - the engines could not really be heard, but you can hear it move the air as a normal aircraft would, it had lights which although not similar to other aircraft still seemed to be lights/lightbulbs and not glowing like the object observed in the sky). Meanwhile all this is happeninig the main glowing object is hovering relatively in the same position. after a few minutes both trianglar/red light jets disappear and there is a plethora of jet activity with orange lights - all that could be observed is their orange lights. Upon close inspection it seemed like there could have been 10-20 jets in the sky at this time. They seemed to have encircled the object while keeping their distance. One at a time, jets keep flying on the right side of the object every couple of minutes, then a jet flies below the object also in a straight line, but not on the right side, immediately below. Then a few minutes later another jet flies above the object (at the moment of this writing i may have mixed up if they flew first below it and then above it, maybe it was the inverse - but its all video taped, so that can be traced back - the point is that after creating this corridor in which the jets were flying they started to fly closer to it). On a couple of occassions when the jets were close to the object, the object jumped around (in relatively same location, but you can see that the hovering/jumping activity picked up significantly). During this time no passenger planes could be observed in the sky. After hovering for some time, the object started moving slowly away in a NW/W direction.It eventually dissapeared out of sight, likely due to the distance... it took about 5 minutes to travel away from us and disappear out of sight.
Most of this account has been videotaped. Granted, we cannot clearly see the object because it was so bright and we only had a 50 prime lens on the camera, you can clearly see that there is an object, there are planes around it trying to signal to it, the triangular weird jet fly over our car, etc. and narrated account of what was seen as it is recorded. Also, since the car was parked in a certain spot (observed from area of parked car), and there is a big boulder in front of the car in the distance, I believe that it can be used to locate the location of the object, its height and eventual departure direction. 
The video evidence can be shared upon request.
There is no doubt that what was observed was some kind of object, with a very bright glow, with a web-like/PC motherboard-type distinct rays emanating and the military getting extremely active and challenging the object.
