{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-06-12 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455834","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105773","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2885,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/834/mufon-5455834.json","updb_database_id":5455834}
{rjl} Three lights in a V pattern.

Phenix City, AL during the summer of 1974. Just before dusk dark I was standing in my driveway and for some reason I looked to the north. I saw a light that appeared to be a plane getting ready to land at the airport in Columbus, GA. The light did not move and there was no sound coming from the light. I went into my house and got my 30 power spotting scope and mounted it on a tripod. I set it up in the driveway where I could still see the light in hopes I would get a better view. Looking through the scope I could not make out an object or craft. However I could see that the single light was actually three lights in a V pattern with one light at the bottom point of the V and two lights at the top corners of the V. It was getting good dark and the lights started to move around. The lights would move very quickly in a horizontal movement either east or west always returning to the original position. The lights would also move very quickly in a vertical movement north or south again returning to the original position. During these moves the lights would not go out of sight. The suddenly the lights would move in the horizontal movements both west and east going beyond the tree lines out of sight. As before the lights always returned to the original position in the sky. All of these movements were very quick which ruled out a helicopter. Then all of a sudden the lights started moving to the north very quickly and faded away in the distance. The elapsed time of these events was at least 15 minutes or longer. My wife also observed these events. In the coming days it was reported that law enforcement personnel with the Phenix City and the Columbus police departments also observed similar lights. It was also reported that military personnel in the control tower at the U.S. Army Lawson Field at Fort Benning, GA also observed similar lights.
The image I have attached is a Google Earth image capture of the driveway at the house where the sighting occurred. This image was taken by Google Earth in 2014. According to Google Earth the coordinates are 32 degrees 26’ 35.12” N by 85 degrees 02’ 21.52” W. Elevation 314 feet.
