{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-28 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286834","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116548","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4795,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/834/mufon-5286834.json","updb_database_id":5286834}
Bright, white, and circular objects observed in daylight high overhead for hours

This observation occurred from a golf course near Larchwood, IA on May 28, 2021. The duration of the observation lasted from approximately 6pm until 8:30pm upon which time the sky became more overcast.
I was golfing alone and noticed a round bright white object in the Eastern sky. I estimated the object at the time to be at least 25,000 feet in the air. The object was not a pinpoint of light, even though this was clearly far overhead and small it still had shape (circular). The object was approximately 65 to 75 degrees up from East. The object remained basically in the same spot for the duration of my back 9 holes. 
While observing I had contacted my wife and son (also at the same location) to view it but they were not able to see it until my golf round was finished. Once I pointed the object out my wife noticed a similar object just South of the original object (around 7:30pm), and I estimate it to have been 65 to 75 degrees up from the Southeast.
Around 7:30pm - I also contacted family that lives on the West side of Sioux Falls approximately 15 miles West Northwest from where I was located. They were able to view the objects and estimated the objects to be 35 to 45 degrees up from the horizon from their location. 
While viewing the objects a Delta Air Lines flight (at altitude) flew clearly under the object to the South. Using my Planes Live App I took a screenshot of the flight and this is included in the images. Please note that when I snapped the screenshot the plane was past were I viewed it under the object in the Southeast. Now having watched this commercial flight fly under the object I now estimated the object to be much high (50,000 feet or higher).
Around 8:30pm the cloud cover in Larchwood increased and the objects high in the sky became harder to consistently view. I was able to see the original object briefly shortly after 8:30pm, at which point it had drifted a little North and West but still high overhead.
The next day when visiting with my family from Sioux Falls they described their observations of the objects viewed to the East (presumably the same objects). One of them confirmed they had viewed a similar object later that evening at a distance just above the Western horizon. He watched it long enough to see it depart its location and described it departing rapidly in the shape of a checkmark.
I do not know what the objects were but I feel confident commenting on what they were not. I have a degree in Aerospace Engineering, a private pilot’s license, and have also done a good share of amateur observing with a telescope over the years. These did not appear to be airplanes. They also did not appear to be helicopters. They also did not appear to be a manmade objects in orbit around the Earth, for instance the ISS or the Hubble Space Telescope.
During the event I used the Night Sky 2 App to confirm these were not planets, and the only star that was close one of the objects (using the App) was Arcturus. However, no stars were out; and these were clearly not stars because they had shape.
I’ve included some of the pictures and videos I took during my observations. In the name of each picture and video I’ve included the time and date. On one of the initial object pictures there appears to be another object, but I don’t know what that is and never observed it (other than it’s on the picture).
