{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-12-15 06:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549834","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"1456","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3821,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/834/mufon-5549834.json","updb_database_id":5549834}
IFO in Berrien Michigan - Sun Pillar

Summary of witness narrative written on January 20, 1971.The time is approximately 6:25 a.m. as I approached the stop for the highwayfacing an easterly direction, I became aware of a dull reddish flash on thehorizon at an east-southeast direction, my location at this time was two milessouth of Berrien Springs, Michigan. As I stopped before entering the highway Isaw a shaft of glowing red, wider than the vapor trail of a jet and continuingto rise in a straight vertical direction from the horizon. The rise slowed butthe trail still glowed from the high atmosphere to the horizon. There was not aray or morning sun visible at such an early hour nor was there a sound of anexplosion audible. The glowing embers of the shaft was massive, compact and ofa deep red color. The visible embers did not show any signs of falling back tothe horizon but seem to be suspended in mid air. My time for travel to work wasmeasured so I had to be driving. As I drove in a north-northwesterly directionI would glance back to look for the sight I had viewed but was not able to findthe area. As I left my car at work I looked to the east and there above thehorizon was a pear shaped cloud with the stem of the pear pointing in asouth-east direction. This one lone cloud was glowing a dull deep red. My timefor clocking in was short so I could do no further checking. Others who sawthis sight, their description varies except for color. All call it red andglowing. At what distance I viewed the shaft of glowing embers I was unable todetermine.Summary of an earlier sighting by this same witness:Within this report this witness describes a sighting which he had in August of1965. As I scanned the sky to my left there appeared in the western sky abright light with a shaft of light penetrating the moistered air above LakeMichigan. The crafts forward movement was like a drift rather than being powerdriven. As my field glasses were being retrieved from there hiding place thecraft had drifted into full eye view. The bright forward light had beenextinguished and there could be seen amber lights outlining what appeared to bea flying wing, delta shaped or modified V, some what rounded at the front. Asthe craft passed overhead I looked at it through field glasses and could see araise in the center large enough to accomadate two seats. The outside lightsoutlined what appeared to be a canopy but no light was visible from within. Asthe craft tilted slightly in a turn to the NNE there appeared in the center ofthe wing on either side of center, an opening that was about one third to onehalf the width of the wing at that point. As the craft came over slightly tothe North of me it could not have been higher than ten to twelve thousand feetabove ground. I could hear a humming sound and a rush of air. There were nomotor or propeller visible. The craft drifted into an area just south of EauClair and there it seemed to hover for a minute or two, made a slight drifttoward Benton Harbor or northerly direction, raise quickly vertical then turn toNNE and zipped out of sight before I could count to ten. I nor the children atany time heard the usual sound of a jet motor, just the hum accompanied byswishing air.
