{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-08-29 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501834","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57194","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3198,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/834/mufon-5501834.json","updb_database_id":5501834}
{dr}come from direction of tonapah Nevada toward Hawthorne nevada then toward mono lake California very low in sky.

My ex-wife and I had spent the day hiking at a camp ground known as alum creek south of Hawthorne Nevada. By the time we had returned back to the car it was almost dark. As we were traveling toward town, I looked north east toward highway 95 south and noticed bright lights which appeared as though we car lights traveling toward Hawthorne from Tonapah. It wasn't until an actual car rounded the point of the mountain on 95 that I realized that the light I was looking at was actually airborne and not on the highway. Our travel was north on nv359 ABOUT 10 miles from Hawthorne. As we watched the lights move toward Hawthorne, I reached town and turned right on 1st street where I then made my way to O street and parked on the corner of town. I turned off the lights of my car and then the ignition and exited the car as the lights approached. I had first thought that it was a formation of helicopters (as many army helicopters always In the area). There was no sound of rotary wings as a helicopter would make as it approached my position. The lights seemed to get brighter as it was upon me and over 50 group of Hawthorne Army Ammunition Depot. I got a good view of the lights as it passed between 1st street and West rd that is the main road that feeds into 50 group. The lights looked like search lights and were in a triangle on the leading edge of some sort of craft. The leading edge was not rounded off like that of a wing, but rather squared off and had indentions but that is all the illumination of the lights would allow me to see. The night sky was very dark and could not make out a trailing edge of craft. As this thing flew over all you could hear was a low hum, like that of high tension wires with current through it. No anti-collision lights nor wing tip or vertical stab lights noted. As the craft continued over me to the opposite side of town, it slowly turned to follow 359 south to mono lake. I got back in the car and told my wife I didn't know what that was, but I know that it was a single craft of some sort. She said she never seen anything like it and didn't want to see anything like it again. We made a pack not to say anything about it...ever. after watching your program and now knowing that others have seen the same thing ( or like it) I'm compelled to tell my story. Couldn't start my car after the sifting for some time...about a half hour.
 Have no video or photo evidence to confirm this sighting. Certainly wasn't expecting to see anything like this.
