{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-04-04 21:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5281834","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121638","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2457,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/834/mufon-5281834.json","updb_database_id":5281834}
A large black triangle was seen flying over Boulder City Nevada

It was about 2100 and I was searching the skies. It’s common to see lights fly over at fast speeds. This night I was looking towards the East into Boulder City’s downtown area. As I stared for a minute I noticed movement in the sky over the city. It was a big black triangle solid and yet reflective against the sky as it moved West towards me. At times I thought I could see right thru it as if it reflected the stars somehow. 
It kept flying towards me very slowly. It made absolutely NO sound whatsoever. It seemed to float quietly as it passed over the trees. As soon as it was almost above me it made a left turn and three extremely dull white lights in a row were on one side of the triangle. After the turn it took off towards Las Vegas. 
If I were to guess I would think it’s a stealth bomber floating over Boulder City’s skies in the pitch black night. I know Nellis and Groom lake are close to BC. What I don’t get is that our stealth's are Not quiet nor do they float like an air balloon. It was very low. And I mean low. It was the size of three Ford trucks put in a triangle and it was flying lower then Any helicopter I’ve seen over Las Vegas. The short description is a big black triangle with three dull lights in a row on one side. 

This is the second time I’ve seen one of these. The other was seen late 2021. When I saw it my mind could not wrap around what I was seeing. It seemed like a black blob with stars reflecting off of it floating over downtown Boulder City. The objects shape seemed to change and was fuzzy as it moved. I never told anyone as I could not explain what I had seen. I think these are both the same type of aircraft. 
Questions?
Who do they belong to?? Why fly so low over the city?? How do they float with no sound?
Who is doing this??
