{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-07-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494834","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64624","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2197,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/834/mufon-5494834.json","updb_database_id":5494834}
I witnessed a UFO while on 2004 Iraq deployment that greatly resembled the Phoenix Lights.

1) It was during a night mission and I was with my convoy of US Army Hmmwv(s) waiting to receive the go-ahead to start back to our FOB. 

2)It was dark and we were waiting for orders. I happened to look up in the night sky and saw these lights appear. 

3) At first I was baffled. I figured it could be anti-aircraft flares but to my knowledge we didn't have any aircraft covering our movements. I was familiar w the Phoenix Lights case and realized that what I was seeing strongly resembled what I had seen on tv about the Phoenix case. 

4) One after the other, these lights appeared in sequence and progressed like an inchworm across the sky in a straight line. I thought it must be flares but from what I could tell none of them descended towards the ground. They were bright like car headlights and just hung there for a about a minute until, one after the other sequentially they disappeared. It lasted for about 5-10 minutes. No sound as it progressed which made me wonder bc I think we would have heard an aircraft at that range. It wasn't close but wasn't too far away either.

5) My first reaction was to draw the attention of a few others to it but they didnt think it was a big deal because we were on a mission and needed to focus. It made me wish I had a camera on me but I didn't. 
I tried asking some of my old army buddies if they remembered the event years later but no one seemed too recall. :( 

6) Eventually it inched it's way across the sky, parallel to our position until it was out of sight.
