{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-09-09 06:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522076","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34019","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2481,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/076/mufon-5522076.json","updb_database_id":5522076}
I observed a Triangle UFO with 3 white lights on the edges and 1 red in the middle.

I was walking to my job (I worked at that time at a shipyard) when I noticed some lights over to my far right.

At first I thought, why is that helicopter hovering above the shipyard so close to the cranes? But then I noticed that there was no sounds comming from the object and there was no propellers spinning around, neither was the lights in the right place.

I did however notice that the Object had 3 bright white lights (1 on each tip) and 1 red light in the middle. There was a small "black" spot just around the red light as if it was a "hull" of some kind, but it was completly transparent from that black spot and out towards the white lights. 

(I saw no wings on the object that could hold the white lights)

The object WAS hovering when I first noticed it but when I stopped walking and started to "stare" at it, the object suddenly started to move towards the East, as the object started to acend into the sky, it left a "cloud trail" behind it that seemed to stay there for a while. After that, the object increased speed really fast but I managed to keep my eyes on it a little while longer. When I started to loose sight of it, it was increadibly far away (was loosing it in the "view mist" ).

I felt a little confused when I first noticed the object but when I realiced that it was no helicopter or plane I got a chill down my back thinking, what is this? Whats going on? (There is a local airport in the area so I know it was no helicopter or airplane.)

I do not know if other people witnessed it....I still get Chills down my back everytime I hear about a triangle shaped UFO...
