{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-15 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282076","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121394","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2334,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/076/mufon-5282076.json","updb_database_id":5282076}
3 very large lights, in a triangle shape, inches away from the top of the tall trees.

While walking my dogs, I observed 3 very large lights, in triangle formation, right above the trees. My dogs, horses and myself were frozen in our steps. There was no noise, and it was the largest lights I've ever seen, but they weren't lighting up the trees or the space around them. All of the sudden they went dark, one by one, very quickly. After they went out, the animals and myself were able to move again. The animals were very excited and scared. The horses started running a bucking, the dogs barked in the direction of the lights, and I ran inside to get my family. 
Days later these lights were seen again by others in this area but different location and day. They didn't know about me seeing them at my place, they were just telling the story about their incident, and my wife overheard it and explained that her husband had seen the exact same thing days before. 
The owner of the land next to mine, 
where I witnessed these lights, said that his fence post and barbed wire was pushed all the way into the ground, but not broken. But, the very large trees, near the fence, were pushed over on the ground but in opposite directions. These trees are massive trees, not broken but pushed so hard that the roots came out of the ground. 
I'm a veteran of the US Army, and worked with the Airforce in Hawaii. I've seen helicopters, airplanes and other things that can fly, but these lights were the size of a very large, round, above ground swimming pool. They were exactly the same distance from one another, and in a perfect triangle formation. So, for them to be no further than 400 yards from me, and make no noise, that's very UFO like 🤔
