{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-02-12 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506076","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52743","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2470,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/076/mufon-5506076.json","updb_database_id":5506076}
{rjl} bright blue hover very fast stop hover travelled incredible speed

I often would be outside at night cause in superior we have a very clear sky even as a teen I was always looking up at the night sky. One night I was out in the backyard and seen a very bright light, very blue I thought maybe it was Airvac cause our town was use to airlift people out to hospitals from near by highway accidents. I kept looking at it and it wasnt moving then I seen it fall behind a mountain. If you seen how it fell I got a chill cause I thought it had crashed but then it came right back up with speed and stopped. At this point I knew it was something else. I am getting chills just writing this. I ran back inside and grabbed my Cannon Rebel camera it was an auto focus so the flash needed to be on to focus I took a few pics of it at a distance and of course flash was going off and had to recharge then in a matter of 1 second the object travelled 5 miles and stopped right above my location I got one picture off and it just disappeared after that. Istill have negative, Ive been watching all these ufo shows and thought I could finally show it to someone who would believe me, in the late 90s I brought the pic to school to show everyone and everyone was amazed by the picture. The top part of the object is blue and some of the bottom is red and the front is what I could only describe as a Beatle beak. Feel free to contact me Id love to have someone look at the negative I do have a pic on the same negative where I took a pic of the moon 3 times in one pic but I was testing out ways to take better pics at night in case I got another chance. 

I will go to Wal-Mart and get another set of pics made from the negative with a digital copy sorry I was not prepared with an attachment, I wrote so much I don't wanna lose the work I can always get pic later or mail you the negitive.
