{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-02-23 18:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453076","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108556","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2600,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/076/mufon-5453076.json","updb_database_id":5453076}
Two pictures taken and nothing out of the ordinary was noticed until months later. See below.

My wife and I were at a Sam's store shopping and when we left the store we noticed the sky was simply beautiful. Both of us love to take pictures of sunsets and this one was particularly vivid so when we got to our car my wife took two pictures. Both pics were taken close together but the orientation was changed as you can see. She shifted the second picture more towards the left. We didn't notice anything odd or strange about the photos at the time.

Several months passed and my wife was going through her phone and noticed the pictures. She asked me if I would like to have her email one of them to me and I said yes. After she emailed it to me I put it on my desktop and enlarged it and noticed a triangular lighted structure in the clouds. Couldn't believe it but it was there. I now have that picture on my desktop.

Another several months passed by and my wife saw the second picture on her phone and asked if I would like her to send it to me and I said yes. I remembered her taking the picture but I never really looked it over. After she sent it to me I opened it up and enlarged it and was amazed by what I saw. The triangular object wasn't there but I noticed a circular object in the middle of the picture and then 3 bright lights above the parking lot light and then directly above that I could make out a faint line of horizontal lights. Possibly the circular lights and the three bright lights may be reflections of the parking lot lights but the horizontal lights seem to be indicative of a large craft but an outline of a structure is difficult to see.

I just felt compelled to send these to MUFON in hopes that something similar may have been seen by someone else.
