{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-09 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526076","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29631","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4828,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/076/mufon-5526076.json","updb_database_id":5526076}
Star Shooting - Captured object moving in erratic path while photographing an airplane flying north

I was on vacation in Sedona, AZ. I brought my Canon 5D Mark II 21.1 Megapixel Camera and tripod to do some photography of the stars. I've never really read the directions so I just used the automatic settings. Various ones preset on the camera. One setting allowed longer exposures to get better light into the camera. That evening, me and my girlfriend are in heavy winter gear, it's an absolutely clear night, the moon is out, and it is slightly windy. The temperature is about 25 degrees Fahrenheit. We only stay about 30 minutes because even with our gear on we're freezing out butts off. We didn't notice the object until we got home and uploaded it to my MacBook Pro 17" laptop.  I didn't notice the object even after first run through, as I was looking for the airplane as a baseline of what a time exposure picture looked like. A friend was taking a second look and noticed the objects. She noticed it right away.  This was the first time I have ever had a personal experience with a UFO / or Unexplained phenomena. I had to review he picture over and over and rationalize and justify that nothing on the planet that I know of moves like this object does. Obviously airplanes fly in usually one trajectory and look like one line or a smeared color from it's lights on the wing tips... and the flashing produces a brighter dot, at regular intervals.  I lost sight of object when I turned the camera and continued fishing, towards the north, towards the Sedona Airport.

So I shoot towards the moon as a baseline, which was nearly perfectly West. if you were at Bell Canyon, just north one rest area... there is a pull off to view the sky and stars, on the West side of the road. We setup the camera on a tripod and start shooting.  Using an aluminum tripod (of not that great quality) I was able to get a number of shots of the sky. I decided to see what an airplane looks like in a picture using a longer exposure (set by the camera). I zoom out to about 190mm, of the 200mm lens on my Canon EF 70-200mm L Ultrasonic Lens. The lens is a $1500 accessory. I'm shooting with the Canon 5D Mark II which runs about $3500. So the setup is about $5000 plus the tripod.  In 4 of the pictures I capture movement, and some smearing of the stars / and airplane path. And then later I noticed the "star" like object that moved in 3 different frames, all time delayed 6 seconds. in the first frame you see the Star / UFO start at the bottom, move up, then to the right, then to the left in a curve, then up and stop. You'll see the object "radiate" light brighter than any other object, and it has haze around the image. No other stars or the Airplane even look like this.  In the 2nd Picture the UFO/ Object moved in the EXACT OPPOSITE direction, while the plane in the bottom of the picture has moved more north. You'll also see the shadow of the tree line as I was shooting at about a 20 degree angle above the horizon. In picture 3 of 3, you'll see the object start at the bottom, move to the LEFT, then curve back down and to the right, then up stopping there, and you'll see the object "glowing" near the top. You'll still see the airplane in the frame near the bottom.  However since I moved the camera to the north, you'll have to align the object by the nearby stars to make sure it's the same object, which it is. Then I took a wide angle shot of the entire sky.... and it looks like there are 3-5 objects moving in sync.... unless it's just the lens smearing from camera/tripod shake... but if so... why aren't the other stars all smeared like the 3-5 brighter objects.  All of these are shooting Directly West and to the North West a few degrees north of Due West. The MOON is directly behind me, and that could be the reason why the object is "Glowing" or emitting a light source back to the camera.
