{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487076","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72602","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4255,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/076/mufon-5487076.json","updb_database_id":5487076}
{cak} Triangular craft approx. 40 to 50 feet from wing tip to wing tip.

I was travelling west bound (in a northerly direction) on Interstate 180 which is a spur line connecting Williamsport Pennsylvania to Interstate 80. With me was My then girlfriend and her brother who we were picking up from his workplace. Several miles from our exit I noticed the the traffic on both east and west bound lanes bound lanes were reacting to something and cars in front were either applying their breaks or were swerving. That's when we noticed IT a large, dark, triangular, object flying very low across both lanes of the highway. It's motion seemed to be boobing, fluttering and weaving. Cruising atop the west bound lane as it approached my car, my girlfriend's brother commented about how strange this thing was and how it was flying, the pilot seemed like he was flying like he was either drunk or stoned. I said, that's no plane or helicopter. By this time the craft was within less then a hundred yards and I had already slowed down quite a bit. I kicked my car out of gear, shut off the ignition (myself and rolled the windows down. The craft made absolutely NO SOUND. BY now, The ship was beside the left side of my Chevy Monza and probably within less than 30 feet. I could easily make out it's shape and structure. I could make out indirect lighting emanating inside of its structured, patterned surface (port holes?). Also if you're 30 feet from a running helicopter the noise would shake your wisdom teeth out! the object actually actually reversed momentarily matching my speed which at at that point would have been about 15-20 mph, hovered for several seconds because I was watching it while I steering with my head out of the window. The craft tipped it's left wing up and veered in a wavy motion across the median strip to the east bound lane. (note: there were no FAA mandated strobes or red/green wing tip running lights) Glancing around I notice there were cars that were also slowing down or had pulled over. I restarted the Monza, and basically got out of there. My girlfriend, who incidentally was lying down in the backseat suffering from the flu among other things and the eternal skeptic thought it was a helicopter but her brother, who always thought flying saucers nothing but bunk, immediately became a true believer. 

BUT, this is not the end of the story. 

Several day later I stopped in at a local gas station and the owner, a former Korean WAR Marine Vet came out. The owner of the station, at the time,had usually let me pump my own gas. by the way. After a couple minutes of awkward silence, He started out by saying "Jim, Your an engineer and a stargazer." (I am an amature astronomer)"I saw something other other night I can't explain. To make a long story short. He also was on I-180 that night with his wife, daughter and son-in-law. I didn't ask any leading questions all I said was, "You saw the ship." He answered yes. He too was one of those who thought people who claimed to see UFOs were crack pots. He also was positively certain that it wasn't and airplane or helicopter. He said he saw plenty of choppers in Korea to know the difference and was one of the cars which pulled over to watch it, remarking that there was no noise. 

I know this is report happened nearly 40 years ago but I almost feel an obligation to report it and get it off my chest. I was 23 at the time and was a recent college graduate, I've ben amature astronomer and a World War 2 aircraft buff so I do know the difference between convention aircraft and the "non-conventional". I also know what Venus amd Jupiter look like in the sky :-)
