{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-02-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525076","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30720","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2622,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/076/mufon-5525076.json","updb_database_id":5525076}
strange craft flew directly over my house

I was outside having a cigarette on the west side of my home when i noticed a strange, bright light to the west. At first i thought it may be just an airplane with landing lights on, but then why would an airplane have landing lights nowhere near an airport? as this thought crossed my mind, i noticed that the lights started getting brighter and closer. Once i really, truly knew this wasn't a plane or helicopter (or anything else ive ever seen) the lights started coming towards me even faster. After just a few seconds the bright white lights were directly next to my house and i could then see the object itself. It abruptly slowed to a crawl almost and flew silently DIRECTLY over my head and house. It was shaped almost like a chevron. Triangular in the front,with another section in the back, instead of 2 points it was a straight line across the back...kind of like a child would draw a house. the lights were not on the front of the craft but towards the center of it. i believe there were 4 lights across the middle, and they seemed to be housed in some sort of...cockpit, i guess i would call it. The craft looked metallic, dark gray or black and very solid. I didn't notice any seams in the metal...just a solid sheet of something. As it flew right over my head, i could see the entire craft from front to back. Once it was nearly past my head, it started speeding up and i had to run to the front (north) of the house to see it. In the few seconds it took for me to run under the carport, it had sped up & started heading south. I watched as it zoomed away, faster than anything i've ever seen. 
I was simply curious when i first noticed the lights, but as it was directly over my head & it seemed as if i could almost reach up & touch it I did feel quite anxious and nervous...my heart was racing and i think i stopped breathing! After it was out of site and I realized what had really just happened, i was still excited and shaking but had to tell everyone in the house about it!
