{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-01 09:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482740","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77213","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5946,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/740/mufon-5482740.json","updb_database_id":5482740}
{rjl} hostorically orbs in hills to now starlike strobes oscillating lights and silent flight

old timers have told stories of orbs in the hills. Did not believe until one was in my room when i woke up. I tried to get a good look as it just floated at the foot of my bed. apparently realizing i woke up it darted to go out the wall but crashed into the heater and bounced back for a moment, paused and darted out successfully.I prayed and asked God if it was an angel and he said "angels dont make mistakes". Since that time there have been gathering in the night sky many "new" stars. About 4 years ago I began studying them more and noticed they would appear at dusk with bright lights, move into position and either just sit there or turn off the lights. More recently they are setting up as if stars to people who dont pay attention and try to mimic star movement in the night. the giveaway is that 1. their lights rotate horizontally and flash red, blue, green and yellow and white, (one recently had added pink and two have arrived that dart across the sky at low altitude primarily red in color and NO SOUND)
2. through binoculars on tripod, they can bee seen to emit a flashing strobe in several directions AND rotating, 3. periodically they will readjust their position, moving slowly but much accelerated from real stars or planets. 4. some will move in closer and rise over the hilltop, and move horizontally left or right, then descend back down behind the hill, 5. one comes in occasionally that is larger, closer, brighter than the others, is solid white round and rises and moves along the treeline to the west and south. this one is seems to elicit feelings of fear. For four years there has been a single engine unmarked airplane, then a twin engine unmarked airplane apparently flying surveillance. Their travel ranges dail from every two hours to 4-5 times per day. Generally they are followed by jets at higher altitude and chemtrails from the southwest to north in direction. sometimes they fly all night. Yesterday, June 21, i walked to check my pond levels and was buzzed by an unmarked twin engine airplane, barely above the treeline. I could see he had a spray rig on the bottom of the plane with about 7 nozzles. There were no windows on the plane, it was off white, NO MARKINGS except for red tips on the wings. It seemed to come out of nowhere, and normally you can hear them coming way before they get there. Preveiously other planes have had black tips on wings of small ones. It was not a crop dusting plane, no crops are grown around here. I have seen the big jets with chemtrails, they are solid white-no windows. some have the round thing on top like airwacs or whatever they are. There are no military strips here. about a month ago one plane that was leaving chemtrails was bright orange-red and did not have window or other markings on it. These jets, im guessing about the size of a 727 or 747 generally follow after the small engine plane goes over. Now, back to the night craft. They are very active just before it storms. in fact, all the flights of day and night was greatly increased just before the rains. One strobing small craft i followed as it sped from the south to just over my roof. it stopped in a cloud that was there for about 5 minutes. there was NO sound. It weas extremely fast anbd just stopped. It began again and travelled north, changing to northeasterly direction and briefly met/passed another one going the opposite direction and went on to the west. Every night there are about 10 quasi stationary objects. about 9.30 they begin to flash brighter. in the past two months there has been one object to fly at low altitude, fairly fast, and it has a very bright "spotlight" that will beam, look around, then go off. There is another that is primarily a red and white stationary light. it is stationary until it decides to move then will hover until it arrives. Small aircraft and jets will also be flying in the same one plane, two jets following scenario. My thoughts? feelings? 1. if its surveilllance then they have equipment or something that nobody knows about. these are not NOT stars but they pretend to be. If its surveillance, who? what? wheres the warrant? so if its big brother, im angry. 2.Ive seen some of those things nearly hit eachother and criss cross paths in the sky. I have theen them flare their lights at each other (presumabley) as if to honk a horn. Most make NO SOUND. Out here, you hear everything and see almost everything. this is a rural area, 20 miles out of town. all the residents have seen something, and have for generations. so if its other worldly, why are they still here and nobody does anything? They are most active between dusk and about 11.30. I have stayed up later to watch but activity significantly decreases then. When i have gotten up early, I have seen the strobing twinklers seem to accelerate their movement to a point then disappear or else they turn of the light. Idont know if they are there in the daytime.
