{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-28 23:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489740","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69869","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2485,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/740/mufon-5489740.json","updb_database_id":5489740}
{jpg} My husband called to me when he observed the UFO's outside. Moving in a N.E. direction, a few of them stopped and hovered over us from above. They continued to move N.E. and ascended into the clouds. One returned 5 minutes later and then followed.

I was sitting inside our home watching television, when my husband called to me from outside, so I hurried to see what he was yelling about. When he pointed at the sky I looked up in disbelief. We both did not know what we were looking at, but it was nothing that we had ever seen before. We could only presume that it was unidentified flying objects. I even said, "What the hell are we looking at?" The objects projected a redish-orange beam in a prism-like diamond shape. The objects were coming from the S.E. and moving in a Northern direction. A few of the objects stopped, slightly before passing over us, as if they spotted us watching them and stopped to watch us. Next, they slowly proceeded to move in a Northern pattern, one following the other and then, they shifted more toward the North East and ascended into the cloud coverage. We were both left speechless as we walked inside. My husband also, videoed what we observed. However, when we looked at what he recorded, it does not look like what we saw, but instead, they look like white lights moving across the sky. After we went inside, I was curious to see if there might be more in the sky. I went back outside by myself, approximately 5 minutes later. As I looked just slightly over our house, toward the North, there was one UFO that was stationary before slowly moving to the North East and following the others. I phoned the police department to see if they had received calls about any sightings that evening, but they said that they had not. They were of no assistance, but were willing to give me the phone number of the Jacksonville Police Department. I declined.
