{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-02-24 20:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484740","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75066","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3178,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/740/mufon-5484740.json","updb_database_id":5484740}
{nd} to the naked eye it appeared to be an orange glowing fireball

Five of us witnessed this sighting, small type of orange glowing fireball was on February 24, 2016 at 8:25pm. walking out to the car to head for home, my husband, first spotted it, along with my 14 yr old son. They called to us, a friend and her husband and myself, from where they were standing, into the house to where we were. You could see it glowing in the night sky, there were no stars visible at that time. The sky was partially cloudy, very dark. And there was the fireball moving in the slow deliberate pattern. But only one. We watched for more and tried to make certain that yes it was really true. There was something out in the sky at a fairly close distance to us. It seems to me that they are right over Peterson's Butte, which is a few miles away. I took 2 pictures, normally my camera does not pick up star lights the night sky. My friend took a video of what we were seeing and what we could not see with our naked eye. As I stated in wonder during her recording. We realized after a few minutes that at some point she had lost the object and focused on another light source. 

After we went back inside, I looked at my pictures to see if I had gotten anything, I enlarged it and OH.MY.GOODNESS. I had. I had gotten two clearly non star lights. The lower one being the tower lights as we confirmed the next evening. And the higher light being what appears to be a space ship. It looks exactly like the typical sightings of the UFO 1space ships1. A saucer. The lights are clearly different from all the other light patterns of the man made lights and the stars. These lights are to perfect in conformity to not be created by a being. Whether it be a human or what, this is created by a being. The next evening we tried to recreate the pictures I had taken when I first got outside to see it, at 8.27 pm. At 8:30 pm on 2-25-16 we took pictures of the night sky again, there were no stars in the same area but I did take some shots of the radio tower that is on the Butte. That tower is in the pictures from the night before. That should help determine the distance of where it was in our sky view.  I did take several pictures of stars in the sky. The distance of the glowing UFO and the stars are incredibly different. The stars can be barely seen on a clear night sky.
We were in excited awe of what we had just seen. We tried to "debunk" our sighting. We can't. We actually saw a UFO 
I tried to get a report of the weather on that night, The data is from Salem, Or not Lebanon, so it is slightly different.
