{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-13 05:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485740","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73985","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5034,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/740/mufon-5485740.json","updb_database_id":5485740}
{rjl} Multiple sightings of same objects. November, 13, 2015 - January, 2016

The first sighting about 4:30am, Nov. 13th, '15. While letting dogs out 
for potty run, I looked up into the sky and surrounding stars. There 
was a half-moon shaped object about 1,000 feet up and was in a 
North-North East direction. It was brighter than the stars that were 
around it. The colors were like blue & white LED's. They seemed to be flashing or going around the object. It's present up in the sky 
alarmed me and it also scared me, so I went inside to get my husband up 
to see what it was. As I pointed in the direction for him to look at, 
he said, "It's the Northern Lights and went back to bed. So, after he 
said that, I felt less fearful and went back to bed, as well. However, 
in my mind it was something different. I probably watched the object 
for approximately 15 to 20 minutes. The object did not seem to be 
moving. The lights never changed patterns or anything else. 

The 2nd sighting occurred on Nov. 28th, at 5:15am, again letting our dogs out for potty run, I looked up in the sky toward the same direction as the 1st sighting. I noticed an object of similar shape as the 1st one and at about the same height, about 1000 feet. I believe this object, like the 1st one, was not moving. Again, the sky was clear with lots of stars around it. The lights seemed more brilliant and brighter than during the 1st sighting but the shape seemed to match. It gave me an eerie feeling 
again. I was afraid to even keep watching it. So, instead of waking my
husband up again, I felt like I might be able to get a picture of it 
with ages old Kodak digital camera (Kodak Easy Share C 613 200-AF3X). 
While I was trying to get a sighting in the view panel, I could not 
belive what I was seeing. I clicked and shot 4 or 5 pictures. The 1st 
shot that I had taken when I printed out the pictures, came out blank. 
What I remember of what showed up on the viewer, was a fan-like shape-3 
blade shapes, looking like a propeller. However, all the other shapes, 
once I enlarged the individual shots, left me stunned and bewildered, as
well as confused as to what the object really was. I feel that this 
sighting was something unnatural. I can only speculate that it was a 
UFO sighting--and hopefully, friendly. 
 
Now, when I let the dogs out, I don't look up into the sky. This 2nd 
sighting was about the same time span as the 1st--about 20 minutes. I 
let the dogs back in and went to bed. 

My 3rd sighting occurred on Jan.10, 2016 at 7:00am. Looking out our kitchen widow, I saw the bright pulsating light in the sky. The sky was clear with no other objects or stars visible. This object is in the same general area as the provious sightings mentioned previously. I've again taken pictures of it. 

My 4th sighting occurred on January 14th at 7:03am. Looking out the back door, automatically looking up to the sky, noticing again, very bright lights. It appears to be the same object that I've seen on other sightings. The sky was still dark but it was getting more daylight in hue. Still clear but as time elapsed, the fog started interferring with the visibility of my sight of the object. The object appeared to be the same shape, color, etc. as the previous sightings. 

My 5th sighting occurred on January 14th at 7:15pm. Looking out at the sky tonight, not expecting to see anything, again seeing the object in the general area as it was this morning. There were 2 more objects left and right of a central object. The formation of the sighting was like a "V" shape. These objects were very active--moving sideways, up and down. The same colors, bright white, blue, red and green were in a flashing pattern. At one point the object on the right appeared to tilt on its side a bit. With this new angle, it appeared to be a very large (huge) saucer like shape. I don't like using that as an analogy but don't know what other way to describe it. It looked like it has a wide rim around it where the colors were flashing either through it or around it. The fog started to overtake my view of the object. The night was clear with lots of stars out. 

[F.I. Comment: Witness made a verbal comment that was left out of her written statement. She said it appeared, during this last sighting, that the objects knew they were being watched and they were, basically, showing off for those who might be watching.]
