{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-13 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496740","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62645","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3389,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/740/mufon-5496740.json","updb_database_id":5496740}
{cak} HOVERING LIGHTS OVER OCEAN

While driving home Tuesday night I observed a very bright white light in the sky. I am always on the lookout for lights due to childhood experiences. The light appeared to be in our atmosphere and had a blue tinge on one edge, I thought it was a plane. When I was almost home I realized that the light was not moving and there was a smaller different color light next to it, flashing red and green. I hurried down my driveway and stopped the car, grabbed my cell and walked behind another vehicle where I could observe the light better. I called my grandmother in the house and told her to send my son outside to look and turn off the porch light. My son came outside and Grandma was soon to follow. I recorded the light for about 40 seconds on my phone. I was excited about this because it could not be an airplane and we had been hearing other reports of UFOs in the area, being seen by family and friends. I have had many experiences in my past and have not seen much activity for a long while. I regret now not recording longer, I just wasn't sure what I was seeing. I needed to go inside and make dinner, etc. So Grandma and I left my son outside to watch. He came in saying that after we left, he had witnessed the smaller light wavering back and forth really rapidly. We finished dinner and I finally settled down for the evening. I remembered that I had not looked at the footage yet and when I watched the clip I couldn't believe it! The white light was not a white light! It looked like a row of windows and then I emailed myself the video. I was thinking this is crazy, could I finally have proof that I am not delusional and that everyone who has doubted and laughed me will see that I am telling the truth? I pulled up the video on my computer and put it on PowerPoint so that I could magnify it and run it slowly. It took a few views before I decided to put it on the TV. When watching on the larger screen my grandmother and I discovered that at about 36 -37 seconds there are two lights emitted from the object going to the right very quickly you could miss is it if you are not watching carefully and closely. They are red then white. I hope and pray this is the proof I need to show that what has happened to me is no laughing matter and that I am telling the truth. Please analyze this! I am also submitting a daytime photo so that you can see where we observed the objects through the trees looking out over the ocean.
