{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-02-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511740","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46600","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4650,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/740/mufon-5511740.json","updb_database_id":5511740}
{dr}Lights brightened in the window/looked out/ after laying back down in bed/ saw 4-5 alien figures by our bed

This event happened back in 1993 to us ; cant remember the exact date but it was in 1993. We (my husband and I ); we werent married then. We were engaged. We had just laid down to go to sleep. It was around 11:00 pm- 12:00am. All of a sudden a bright light appeared at the bedroom window by our bed. We both got up and looked out the window thru the blinds but saw nothing, no sound or anything. Then the light went away. We laid back down after that. As I was laying there ; all of a sudden ;it was like I was paralyzed and couldnt move. It was like I was being held down by the legs;arms;head, & body. I was still awake when this was happening. All I could move was my eyes. I tried to scream to my husband but I couldnt do that. We had a night light on in the room so I could see clearly everything that was going on. I saw one walking to his side of the bed at that time. I was so frightened at what was happening to me. I could see my husband; he could not move either. I was trying to look around the room. All I could move was my eyes. I saw 4-5 small in stature alien type beings; light greyish in color with big dark eyes;small mouth/nose; big head ;long arms/fingers. .They were around 3-4 ft. tall. There was two to three at the end of the bed. I saw one walking to the side of my husbands bed; looking at him. Then one came to my side and was looking at me ; tilting its head but not saying anything. It looked at the other ones at the end of bed and looked back at me. I was trying to scream but could not.I was watching it. Then it touched my head & face. I don't remember anything else after that. There was a loss of over hours when we woke the next morning. I and my husband had unusually clear type secretions coming from our belly buttons for days after this encounter. At the same time my youngest son was 5 years . He had told me that next day that a monster was looking at him in bed. We had all went to bed about the same time. So I don't know if they took him or not; but he had similiar secretions from his belly button for days. He was scared when he told me. He wouldnt sleep in his room after that for a while when he saw the monster as he called. We never told anyone til now. We didn't know who to tell or if anyone would believe us. But its the truth; so we are telling it now. Thanks for letting me tell about our encounter. To this day I still see ufo objects near our property. At night ; we both hear things on our roof in the living room area . Usually around 10:00 pm; up to times of 4:00 am. I have tried to capture what it is; thats jumping up on our roof. Its walking across the roof outside but have not captured photos of it yet. We have a add-on to our mobile home with metal roof/ no attic so we can hear it clearly. Its like something walks across to where either one of us is sitting and stops. We have turned the tv off and listened to it ;but then it stops ; like it knows we are listening to it. I and my husband have run out to the front to see if we can see what it is. We can still hear it walking then it stops. But we cant see it. So I don't know what it is. But its there. Its no animals; thats what we thought at first but its getting more frequent the last few months. I look at my husband when I hear it; and he says he hears it too. So what it is ; don't know. But it frightens me sometimes when I am in the living room by myself sometimes. I hear it jump on the roof and walks on the metal above ; like to where I am sitting on the couch. So what it is ;don't know. Its not a animal ;know that because we have went outside before right when we heard it to see what it is; nothing there. It stops moving when we did that. As soon as we went back in ;it would run and sounded like it would jump back off roof. So something watches us. We wanted to know what is going on about what happened to us and why this is still happening. This is what is happening now and what happened to us previously.
