{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-30 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519740","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37027","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2906,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/740/mufon-5519740.json","updb_database_id":5519740}
HUGE flying display over POLK city

I was traveling west on I-4 - mile marker 45 when I noticed just to the left 
of the interstate about 2,000 ft high, a small fireball arching from south 
to north. As it got about tree level it changed direction so it was 
flying parallel to the ground. It then started flying around as if it was 
a stunt plane (loops, swooping low to the ground, left turns, right turns).

As it continued maneuvering it began flying faster and making much tighter 
turns (impossible for a plane) and at the same time it started "shooting"
out little "baby" fireballs that immediately dropped below my view. At this 
time I can see its actually 2 fireballs flying side by side and is 
at this time about 100-200 ft high. These fireballs had a kind of "sparkling
tail" - similar to fireworks. 

It got to a point where it looked like it was going to work itself in to 
a frenzy (circling very tight formations and spraying sparks) but then 
instead of the "baby" fireballs coming out they were now BRIGHT red orbs 
coming out. About this time everything had dropped below my view. 

I continued on my way about 8-10 miles and noticed a very bright white light in the sky (500-700 ft high) shine for about a second then 
disappear 3 seperate times (each time in a slightly different part of the sky but just ahead of me and about the same height). On the fourth time it flared up extremely bright and shot off to the south turning into a Fireball arching down. Again it leveled off just as it got to tree level and started the stunt plane kind of maneuvering. 

I noticed this time it was actually 3 fireballs side by side. It just kept 
flying around until it dropped from sight. Even though it had the "sparking 
tail" it did NOT shoot out anything.

I would like to add that during both of these events my cell phone would not 
make any calls. It worked before, between and after just fine.

The entire event lasted about 15 minutes under a slightly hazy sky but could see stars. The first event (video 1) lasted about 2 minutes and was about 1/2 mile from me. I then traveled about 9 minutes watching the lights appear. The second event (Video 2) lasted about 4 minutes.

Videos were taken using a crappy camera - Im on my way tomorrow for a new camcorder.
