{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-10 21:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508740","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49716","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2336,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/740/mufon-5508740.json","updb_database_id":5508740}
{kt}We saw a series of orange lights, no strobe, no navigation lights, no apparant structure flying in a straight line on same course at low altitude, spaced three minutes apart

On August 9th, 2013, I reported seeing at about 10:10 PM, twenty orange lights moving West to East, one at a time, spaced about 90 seconds apart, over Ipswich Bay in Gloucester, MA, then past our house heading over land.  They had no sound, showed no type of aircraft navigation lights or strobe lights, and the orange light looked like a landing light, except it was clearly orange, not white. There was no sign of a visible structure even when I looked with binoculars.
Last night, August 10th, we were at a concert in Rockport, MA, about three miles in a straight line from the first sighting. It was about 9 PM. We went outdoors to watch an impending fireworks display on the other side of Sandy Bay. The Bay was filled with stationary boats waiting for the fireworks. Over the next fifteen minutes, we saw five more of the same objects performing in the same way, this time spaced about three minutes apart. That is, they were flying low, one at a time, following the exact same course as the previous one, this time about North to South. In this sighting, we could see where they first came into view. They originated low on the other side of the Bay, implying that they were at a very low altitude. They flew overhead and to our right until they disappeared behind the buildings in back of us on Rockport1s Main Street. 
We were surrounded by about ten to fifteen people who were also waiting for the fireworks. No one appeared to notice the orange lights. If we hadn1t seen the same thing the night before, we probably wouldn1t have paid attention either.
