{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-10 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502740","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56251","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2743,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/740/mufon-5502740.json","updb_database_id":5502740}
{cak} Multiple flashing oval lights flying around among a storm cloud at night

On the night of May 10th, I was attending a party near Westphalia, MO and just hanging out with my friends. When suddenly one of them pointed out something weird in the storm that was approaching our area. I looked up and observed what looked like oval lights flying around erratically among the clouds. This was at night so their lighting (if that's what it's called) was more noticeable. When I first saw it, I just thought it was the lightning that was flashing fairly frequently among the storm. But I quickly dismissed this upon further observation due to the circular/oval shape of the lights. I then wondered if it was the DJ's lights somehow shining up into the sky, again this was also quickly dismissed due to the DJ being at a completely different angle and being inside of a garage. I wish I had a more complete and clear description of the objects, but I was being distracted quite often at the time (being 18, the women talking to me took first priority) however, I was able to notice a couple things. First, they were oval in shape and were lit up. Second, there was around 4 total objects observed, but they weren't all always together at one given time, with some fading out and coming back later. Thirdly, they seemed to be flying in some sort of circular formation, sticking together for the most part. As far as how I felt, I wasn't worried or anything that's for sure. This is probably the 5th or 6th time I've witnessed a UFO out here in mid Missouri in the past couple years and this was just another one I happened to see. I merely observed the objects and did not attempt to pursue them. However after some time, it appeared as if the storm changed directions, sparing the party of a rainstorm and causing me and my friends to lose sight of the objects. We all just went back to the party and didn't think twice about them. However, I was just watching your tv show Hangar 1: The UFO Files and it reminded me of the incident and I decided to report it. If I get any further sightings out here in mid Missouri I will make sure to report them as well.
