{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-03 20:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506740","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52026","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2826,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/740/mufon-5506740.json","updb_database_id":5506740}
{cak} Small bright light of orange color moved from north to south in an arc, growing in size and reducing in brightness ultimatly dissapearing behind buildings at end of block.

I had just come out of a theater with a friend, and we were walking east, back to his apartment. About halfway down the block, I noticed a bright light in the sky to my left, and said something like Hey, there1s an airplane. My friend looked, and pointing out the orange color, said that he didn't think it was an airplane. He pulled out his phone to take a picture, the light was rather small at this point, but quite bright. I followed his lead, and used my phone to record the light. In the video it only showed up in a short blip a couple of times. 

The light was moving in an arc to the south and as it traveled, it grew in size. The intensity of the light seemed to disperse over the surface area, becoming more dim, and also seemed to undulate, bringing to mind a jellyfish, or plastic bag tumbling slowly on a breeze, though the shape of it stayed constantly spherical. Both my friend and I were rather in awe at this point, and I again tried to film the object, which did not show up in my camera. We thought nearby streetlights might be interfering, so moved down the block a little bit to the west, toward the object. My phone camera still would not recognize it. It was slightly smaller than a dime at this point, and stayed this brightness, shape, and size from the peak of it1s height in the sky until it disappeared behind the buildings at the end of the block across the street to the south. We ran to the end of the block to try and see it again, but it was no longer visible. Some of our friends were on the corner, but hadn1t noticed anything in the sky. 

It seemed to keep a constant speed during the two minutes or so that we observed it. It also seemed to rise and descend, thought that could have been an illusion due to our point of observation. The most impressive thing about it was the undulating quality of it1s surface, and the fairly swift, but smooth transference to that state from a bright concentrated point of light.
