{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1987-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484728","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75080","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5110,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/728/mufon-5484728.json","updb_database_id":5484728}
{nd} Sighting Near Farmville, NC in 1987

Driving home from Greenville, NC to Wilson, NC, US 264 had recently been bypassed making for a quicker trip through the country.

It was about 2:00 am. A friend and I were driving home after visiting friends in Greenville. 
My friend was an avid aeronautics fan, and he could identify most aircraft from any country. His knowledge was phenomenal. There was no moon. The night was clear and star-laden. We passed a housing development and shortly afterward saw what appeared to be a bright helicopter headlamp shining towards us about 800 feet in the air to the northwest. As my friend peered at it, he noticed it was not moving and was getting brighter. So I pulled my truck off the road, and we got out. I had binoculars in the truck, so we looked at it through them. We could only see a bright light 1 no material object.

As we took turns looking at the light, without warning, a craft appeared over the tree line to our right, about 400 feet up, and glided directly toward us, descending. We were both startled and amazed. It came closer to the earth and moved at a constantly slowing speed; no earthly aircraft could move as slowly without falling out of the sky. It was not a dirigible or 1weather balloon1. It was nothing Mike could identify 1 and this intrigued him. It made no sound.

I grabbed the binoculars and looked at it. This time I could see a distinct shape. It was like an ice-cream cone pointing upward. The flat part of the cone was facing the earth. On the back of the cone, near the bottom flat part, was what looked like a small hull or house or hut of some kind. It was about a fifth of the size of the cone itself. Out of this structure came a very faint blue light. The object passed directly over our heads at about 15 MPH. That1s how slow it was going.

When it passed over us, it banked clockwise and came to a standstill over the adjacent field on the other side of the road. It simply stopped. It did not fall. It did not quiver. It sat there motionless, about 100 feet off the ground. It was about 60 feet tall and the flat part was about 30 feet wide. It had a pewter-like ability to reflect ambient light, dully. There were other small lights on the craft, but it looked like someone had thrown a wadded-up ball of very dim Christmas lights onto it, and it stuck. In other words, there was no pattern (as we would know it) to the placement of the lights on the craft. They were red, blue, and white. Some were fainter than others. Perhaps 20 in all.

Suddenly, a light shone down from the craft like a spotlight, about 8 feet wide, very much like a spotlight on a stage. It shone the light onto a copse of trees in which an old barn was hidden. The light passed frenetically over the ruin for a few seconds; then it slipped onto the ground, traveling in an arc. I quickly calculated that it was going to 1hit1 us if it kept moving in the same arc. I was excited and scared. As the light came closer to where we were standing, a car came over the distant hill, from the direction we had come, and as soon as its headlights came into view, every light on the craft went out except the faint blue light in the hut.

After the car passed, the object began to move very slowly away from the road (and us), crossing the field and going toward the forest at the other end of the field. There was no way to follow it. 

As it went into the distance, a red light came on that shone dully on the tops of the trees. It sank lower to where it almost touched the tree tops. Then we noticed four or five other red lights hovering over the treetops in the direction from which the first object had come, but all moving slowly toward the first one, some slower than others, as if following it. Some were farther away, but all flew low to the treetops. All of them seemed to 1know1 each other, like a herd of cows going back to the barn. They seemed unconcerned and in no great hurry.

I went home and called the local Air Force base (Seymour-Johnson) and told an officer my story. Before I got too far, he put me on hold, then another man came on, and I could tell I was on a speaker phone. They did not ridicule or laugh at or make me feel stupid. They said whatever it was was too low for their radar to pick up, and there was no military exercise or game going on in that area. I had no idea whether they spoke the truth or not. I never heard back from them, although I gave them my contact information. I think they recorded my call.
