{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-02 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495728","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63702","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3040,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/728/mufon-5495728.json","updb_database_id":5495728}
{dr}triangular craft with orange lights darts across sky

This is my second sighting in a week. I did not report the first one, but would like to report it now as it is significant.

Tonights sighting, March 2nd, 8:15 pm; I was driving north on highway 101 in a Toyota pickup truck, periodically looking out my window for UFO's, as I had what I consider my first real sighting a week prior. During one of my quick glances I spotted a triangular craft with orange lights one each corner. It was very far up, maybe a couple miles, going very fast traveling south. It came in and went out of my sight within a few seconds. I yelled "there it is again!" And pulled the truck over as fast as I could, though I knew it would not be fast enough. The sighting was on a large straightaway in the mountains. There are no Streetlight's, and there were no other vehicles, and the sky was clear, no clouds. 

The first sighting occurred on around the 25th of February. I was in the exact same area, going down the same straightaway. It was dark, approximately 7-8pm. I was driving a large old suburban truck, having a conversation, listening to my father in the passenger seat. I started to see something flying towards me. My brain registered hawk, which is something that you see flying here in the daytime. It was large, orange and seemingly floating in front of me, coming towards me. I was focused on driving and listening to the conversation, but also confused about what I was seeing floating towards me, when it finally closed the gap between us. I screamed out "whoah!" As a triangular craft flew over our truck and banked off into the only clouds in the sky. This all happened within ten seconds. When the craft banked, I clearly saw its outline. Triangular, with flat corners, an orange light on each corner. It was a strange shadowy color on the bottom. When the craft first approached I'd say it was a couple hundred or more feet above the highway and to the left over a large valley. I think the craft was large, maybe a little smaller than a commercial jet. It flew very fast. I was extremely shaken up after the sighting while driving. I'm not sure how to describe the feeling, but it was almost overwhelming. 

The straightaway where these sighting takes place is on the west side of a mountain. Looking to the west there is a large valley then more mountains. Each sighting was in the same spot, the main difference being altitude.
