{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1989-07-01 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549728","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"2104","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2958,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/728/mufon-5549728.json","updb_database_id":5549728}
observed a small dark orb flying overhead

i was sitting in the backyard with witness 2, we were both smoking a cigaretteand talking about music.i was in a chair facing the south and witness 2 wasfacing nothwest. being an avid aviation fan i noticed what i thought was to be ahelicopter in the distance. i couldnt tell what type it was because it still wasat a distance. i went back to my conversation and about a minute later i glancedback up and noticed it was much closer, at that time i noticed that it was not ahelicopter. i looked harder and i still wasnt sure what it was. i told witness 2to check that out, he looked to the south and said he didn't know what it was. asthe object got closer i noticed it was a spherical shape and it was surroundedby a thin smogy aura, the aura reminded me of the rings of saturn. the spherewas a brownish black color with no noticable markings, lights, or appendages.the aura was a translucent brown gray. the object was moving slowly from thesouth travelling north at a low rate of speed. it would fly, actually itappeared to float, but it would move north and then it would fly in a tightcircle and continue north. it did this several times, it seemed to have nopurpose for these manuevers as they came at different lengths of travel, but italways continued north. there was absolutely no sound coming from the object, ifit was a conventional aircraft of any sort there would have been some noise. asthe object was over head witness 3 came outside i guess she noticed that we werelooking at something because she asked what we were doing and all wemyself and 2could do was point at the object. we all felt apprehensive about the situation.we watched it for another minuter or so, when 3 said that someone should callthe fresno air terminal and ask if they knew something about it. i called theairport and asked them if they had any aircraft in this area and they said no. ididn't tell them about the object. i went back outside and it was gone, they saidthey watched it until they lost view of it behind some trees. i would guess thatit had been flying at 5000 ft. it was probably 30-40 ft across the sphere and60-70 ft across the aura. it was moving at approx. 200-300 mph. it did not movelike any aircraft i have ever seen. i was wondering if any other reports weremade like this around this area or time frame. have there been
