{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-09-19 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528728","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26832","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2630,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/728/mufon-5528728.json","updb_database_id":5528728}
Rectagular, rotating lights all around, blinking light on top & bottom, steel girder like legs.

Noticed rectangular light in sky as I was driving on Washington Beltway toward Ardmoor Rd. Saw this light 3 different times in 3 different places. Thought at first it was an airplane. Afterthought a UFO, but laughed it off in my mind. I drove down Ardmoor/Ardwick Road heading East(which was a secluded country road at that time). When I reached the end to turn right (head South) onto Lottsford/Vista Road I looked up and saw a rectagular craft hovering over the tree tops, which was to my left (driver's side of car). Hovering over the treetops at the Enterprise Golf Course. It was the size of a football field. Lights were rotating around the rectagular craft and there was a blinking light on top and one of the bottom blinking simultaeously. I had my 5 year son with me at the time and asked him if he was seeing the same thing as I. To this day he remembers it. I heard no engine sounds as my car window was open because I reached my head out to get a better look. My son said he saw figures looking out of a window, I did not see them. As I began to move forward the craft began to move with me and it was at that time I began to panic and drive faster. The road led under a tunnel of trees and when I reached that point the craft swiftly and quietly disappeared in a matter of seconds over the trees. At the time my boyfriend subscribed to the NICAP newsletter. When he received the September issue it has an article in it that stated 2 other people spotted the same craft and I did that same night in P.G. County. I would like to know if you still have that article? Additionally, the next day I called Andrews AFB and asked about the Project Blue Book that I wanted to report seeing a strange craft and they said they no longer accepted UFO calls and that the Project Blue Book was closed. I asked if they had such an aircraft that could hover and they said yes they did, however they did not describe the same as the one I saw.
