{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-09-07 08:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5473728","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"86650","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2722,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/728/mufon-5473728.json","updb_database_id":5473728}
{cak} Strange Light hovered past neighborhood, only to disappear seconds later.

It was around 8:30 on the night I had seen this light near my neighborhood. I happened to be working on my computer at the time and randomly glanced out the window, if anything to give my eyes a short break from the monitor. With Bush Intercontinental only being a few miles north of my home and a military base down in Pasadena, it's not uncommon for there to be commercial / private / military aircraft flying over my neighborhood at all hours of the day and night. 

However, this light was quite different from the ones I had seen. From my viewing experience of various aircraft, I'm usually expecting to see red, white, and green lights in the sky. (Maybe red or blue if there's some kind of police chase in my vicinity) But this light was just a plain, flat-white that steadily moved across the sky in a similar fashion to an airplane or helicopter. 

At first, I assumed, 'Hey maybe it's some privately owned helicopter that hadn't turned on all it's lights yet' but there was no noise or audible sound and no visible aircraft. This definitely was a red flag in my head since I usually hear an aircraft before they pass over or near my neighborhood and it was still light out for things to be seen in the sky.

As for my feelings, reactions, and actions during this sighting? I just sat back in my office chair, filled with genuine curiosity as to what it could be rather than becoming fearful. The light didn1t really seem to pose much threat and just kept going in a steady path. Any who, I keep watching this light, perhaps 15 to 20 seconds pass and then poof.

The light goes out in the sky and there1s no physical craft to be seen. 

Due to Hurricane Harvey hitting Houston only a week or two ago, I1m well aware of the increased military presence that1s here for rescue operations that happen to be near me. But I1ve seen plenty of helicopters at both night and day, even the actual coast guard ones that I just spoke of, and none of them behaved like that light. They always had their lights on and there1s always more than one color.
