{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-12-13 06:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463728","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97205","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2383,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/728/mufon-5463728.json","updb_database_id":5463728}
{tjd} object appeared like star, orb light then dimmed and reappeared numerous times

i drove down Route 42 S last night as i normally do and made a left at the flashing yellows and gas station there at spring valley. half way down the road, between 42 and 380 there is a gravel parking lot down a steep slope, which I think is a place for people to legally hunt. ive been sleeping in the parking area because it's somewhat out of site and away from everything. the sky is pretty open at night and clear, you can see the constellations and star clusters in the sky. i got out of my car to get in the back seat as usual and took a moment to look at the sky, the constellations and clusters could be seen clearly. i got in my car and went to sleep shortly after. this morning when i woke up at 6:30am and got out to pee i was looking at the sky facing 380, thats facing east, there were no visible constellations and only few stars visible, one was especially bright, like super bright. as i stood there peeing i looked up and it vanished but as i stood looking in its direction it reappeared like a dimmed light being slowly adjusted. the object that i thought was a star was now dimming and relighting to a bright ball of light for at least 15min. the object was clearly no star though the object was not moving either, the object was stationary, unmoving. the object was no plane either as it had no flashing lights, and was not moving. the object appeared to be a UFO, showing the ability to dim its orb light showing its ability to go invisible and be visible again. the object was at an angle of 35 degrees from the horizon. once the sun rose i could no longer see the object. later i researched if the object was the space station, the space station was not anywhere near Ohio at this time.
