{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-08-02 05:53:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5474728","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"85585","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2745,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/728/mufon-5474728.json","updb_database_id":5474728}
{dr}Bright light brighter than residential street lamps. Larger than car lights. Triangle formation above tree tops near residential homes on a elevated hill.

I was configuring a spectrometer and security camera to record the morning skies at my residence. It was a bright sunny morning at 5:50am. I often make a photograph of the view from the window every morning at sunrise. I noticed an extremely over-powered bright light. It was larger than street lamps. I noted the bright light was at least 10ft in diameter based on the size of the windows of a house on the top of the hillside over 50 feet further away from the bright lights. The light was above a tree line area where there were no houses. The other two lights were smaller and dimmer and they were the size of what a street light should be. Interestingly the three lights form a triangle. Two dim lights to the left and to the right a larger bright light. All lights were white. The two dim lights were the size of a starlight. I can absolutely say the bright light is the size of an aspirin.

The lights did not move. I recorded the lights in 1080i video with a Sony DSC-TX55 digital camera. The largest light dimmed after 1 minute and 13 seconds. Then the smaller top left light dimmed after 2 minutes and 10 seconds. The smaller bottom left light was not visible after the the largest light dimmed. I noticed the time on my digital camera is 7 minutes in advance. I always synchronize the time on the camera with the computer or mobile phone. I cannot be sure if the time change is from the camera itself and the rechargeable battery.

My thoughts were this could be a bright LED lantern. It seems unlikely the LED light would be that size. It could be earth lights from nature.  Then I remembered Dr. Lynne D Kitei photographs of the orbs from Phoenix, Arizona.
