{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-17 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469242","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91296","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2949,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/242/mufon-5469242.json","updb_database_id":5469242}
Formation of flashing lights.

This is my UFO sighting from Wodonga, Victoria, Australia at approximately 8:20 PM on Saturday, 17 March. It was dark as there was a low cloud cover (due to a rain shower). It was a mild evening (approximately 251 Celsius 0r 771 Fahrenheit) at the time I had the sighting. I went outside as I had noticed that there was a light rain shower which was unusual as it1s been a very hot day and a long period of dry weather. I called for my father to come out side and check out the rain. We were outside for a couple of minutes and as we turned to go back inside my father noticed a light the sky. He asked, what is that? At first I thought it was a plane or an aircraft of some kind but I quickly realized it was stationary in the sky. It was located in a south west direction. From my position, it was 2401 on my compass. It was at height of between 101 and 151 from the horizon in the sky. It's hard to estimate the altitude of the object but it was definitely below the low cloud cover. No other celestial object were visible in the sky. The width of the object was not quite as wide as what the moon would be but there was three lights in a straight line formation. Each light flashed individually from the left to the right but you could still see the glowing of the other lights when the lights were flashing. It was hard to make out any shape but the flashing lights were very bright (white like magnesium burning). It stayed for approximately five minutes in the same spot with no noise. It then gradually it moved to the left (or to the south) but away from where we were. It was approximately 2101 on the compass where it1s stopped again and it was stationary for another five minutes before it moved away from us (the same original direction) and eventually out of sight. It was very unusual. I estimate the object that we were witnessing was approximately 3 to 4 kilometers from our location. We were perplexed at what we had witnessed. I was not able to capture a photo of the object at the time but I took a picture of the direction we viewed the object from the location we viewed the object the next morning (I drew dots where the object we observed was) - I hope that makes sense? Please let me know if you have any questions.
