{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-28 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502242","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56770","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3614,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/242/mufon-5502242.json","updb_database_id":5502242}
{dr}it seemed to have come from in front of the sun, went down a little then turned completely around to go back toward the sun then shot up into the sky then disappeared

I was at Mounds Park MN with my 4 yr. old son taking photos of the Sun when the object appeared in the lens. I wasn't thinking clearly when I seen it because I was awe struck and wanted to watch it, I only captured one shot of the UFO...
The picture that I captured of it doesn't do it justice to what it actually looked like, it was so much brighter than what the picture makes it out to be.
The way that it entered the lens area coming out from the Sun and the speed of it is what caught me off guard. It was when the object made the swift turn going back and then up is when I thought OMG I better get this on film or no one will believe me so I hurried up and took the photo. I then tried to get my video going before it disappeared but didn't get it going in time, hence the reason I only got one photo of it...
The object appeared in my lens so I pulled my phone camera from in front of my face to see it with my eyes and not through the phone... it was moving so fast coming out from the Sun, it then paused for less then a second and went back the direction toward the Sun but instead of it going that exact path it went up diagonally and then it was gone. I believe that I lost sight because of the distance or maybe it even blinked out, it was traveling up and looked as it may have been leaving our atmosphere, but it just disappeared right before our very eyes.
My son is still talking about it and tells everyone that we meet that he saw a UFO, he was very excited to have seen it but acts as if this is the norm to see such things... he even told me that "mommy, that's where my other daddy is"... 
The conversations with my son after this happened are almost like he already knows about them and seems a bit confused that I made such a big fuss about it. His excitement seemed to be more a validation of his "other daddy" being out there where the "fireballs" are, he says.
This is the second time that I have seen what I consider to be a UFO, the first time I was a young child around the age of 8 when I had seen a diamond shape UFO, tried getting my grandmother's attention to look up, she wouldn't or couldn't because she was driving, so I told her what I had seen, she then recited the Nursery rhyme "twinkle twinkle little star" to me, pretty much blowing it off that way.
Writing this something just dawned on me: Twinkle twinkle little STAR how I WONDER "WHAT" YOU ARE, up ABOVE the world so high, like a DIAMOND in the SKY!!! Was the nursery rhyme trying to tell us something???
