{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525242","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30532","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3512,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/242/mufon-5525242.json","updb_database_id":5525242}
Saw bright trail for a few seconds, then another at stars ditance. Saw hovering craft when trail dimmed which then flew over slowly over us. We could see it was a spinning disc with colored lights spinning.

My fiance and I were looking at the skies on July 29th 2011. It was after 11pm in rural Michigan. We were just looking at the stars, constelations, looking for satalites and planes, ect. We noticed there was a lot of aitplane traffic. We thought it was unusal because we are in a small town and don't ever notice many planes flying. Looking souteast we saw a thick trail about and inch long from our view. It appeared quickly in a flash, dimmed, then flashed another trail traveling horazontally to its left. We kept our eye in that area and saw a hovering craft where the trail had ended. It had multi-colred lights rotating and plusating. It hovered there for about 2 minutes. At this time it was the size of an asprin in the distance. It accended about an inch up, then begang to slowly move twords us. It traveled over our heads and continuted northwest untill it was out of our sight. As it was over our heads it was about the size of a soft ball. We don't know exactly how high it was. It was hard to referance because it was s dark, but we esstimate it was lower than a plane. It made no noise. We watched it fly over head slowly, it took about 10 minutes to fly over us. We could now see it better. It was dark and disc shaped. It had about 3 different colored lights pulsating, and a band of white lights spinning. It is hard to describe. We jumped to our feet, trying to come up with explainations and look closly to try to figure out what it was. My fiance started to look for our cell phone to take a video. It was too dark to see anything and we couldnt take out eyes off it. There is a minute video, but it is just black with audio of us freaking out. It was nothing either of us had ever seen. It seemed to at first make its entrance traveling at lightning speed, then hover for a few minutes, then slowly fly overhead. We kept staring at the skies and notced a plane came in from a new direction than anything else that night and seemed to be going the same direction as the UFO. Within a minute there were two more following it. All three planes flew in that direction somehwhat close together. We saw at least 12 planes in the hour or so we were watching the skies before an after we saw the UFO. It was so big and low flying we found it hard to belive no one else saw it. We want to investigate what this was. We arn't saying it's extraterestrial. We just want to try to identify it, if possible. We reaserched the nearest air base and found it was National Gaurd on the eastern edge of MI near Detroit, we are on the opposite side of the state. Please contact us, we would like to know the steps we need to take to investiagte. Like who we can call at air bases to ask about activity/radar. Thanks.
