{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-10-21 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454242","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107377","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3466,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/242/mufon-5454242.json","updb_database_id":5454242}
{tjd} I don’t remember what they look like

I have been seeing UFO’s for a couple of years now, one night I kept feeling something touching my body though I could not see anything, so I decided to get my phone out and video. What I caught was crazy. I couldn’t see this with my human eyes but the camera on my I phone 6 plus picked up some pretty crazy things. I didn’t sleep all night I just knew something was around me. I stayed up until daylight filming. But I thought I was only up a few hours. However there was a big gap in the time I first filmed until that next morning and I do not remember that time gap. I felt like my eyes were sun burnt, they were red all around them. I also have footage of a purple light going around in circles on my face. So I lost hours. Plus I had blood on the bottom of my sock. Four drops. Not smears. Drops. And I found a new scar on my leg that I had never noticed. I don’t know if I was abducted this night but it feels like something happened to me. When I first saw the silver disc like shape I thought what in the hell? That’s a doorway and shouldn’t nothing be in it, then as the camera comes back around you see this thing changing shape. I did this video in slow mo to and it changes from a disc to something coming from the top almost like a chair or something that it turned into, then goes back in and you can see the engine actually shooting flames from the bottom. It’s after this that I lost a few hours. I came to myself it’s like I was just sitting on the couch with the phone in my hand scared to death. And hadn’t slept. Then this ball of light comes into view I saw with my human eye so I pick the phone up and start to record again, this thing moved so fast I couldn’t keep up with it. It also appears to change colors. In the start of the film I think it’s blue or something in the end it’s yellow. There was no light on in my camera either. 
This video has no been photo shopped. You can do whatever test you need to do on it. The film starts to mess up cause whatever this was was interfering with my cell phone. I have more footage. It was erased from my original files and the phone tore up right after, however I sent it to multiple emails.
