{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-11-12 10:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284242","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119180","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8703,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/242/mufon-5284242.json","updb_database_id":5284242}
6 to 7 Shimmering Orbs spotted trailing airplane then took off with insane velocity

I was at work standing in the parking lot taking a break outside. It was roughly 10:45am est. I work in downtown Struthers, OH. I began using my cell phone to send a text message to a friend while on my break. I spent about four minutes on my phone when I sent the last text to my friend at 10:49am. 
I'm facing West bound. I have both my arms extended outward slightly to give my cell screen shade from the sun. The sun was roughly in the North Eastern / East sky. At that point in time the weather was bright and sunny with no clouds what so ever. Crystal clear! 
At roughly 10:49 - 10:50 am I'm standing in our parking lot facing west. It has a decent view from that current location of the sky from East, to North, to West. To my South is a almost 4 story building (which is on my left, and my work office building being only about 2 stories is on my right , (North side)).
All of a sudden at roughly 10:49am -10:50am I catch a bight flash or flicker in my right peripheral vision towards the Northern part of my view in the sky above my office building. This "flicker" was not directly above my office building, but maybe 1/4 of a mile North actual, from my office building but decently high up in the sky.
 I look up towards the North to find these "orbs" flying in the sky. Three of them in roughly the same distance apart, and roughly the same speed. Their size appeared 2x bigger than a star in the night sky. They did not seem to sway or speed up nor speed down at this point, or move in erratic behavior. Like beads on a string they didn't alternate their path. In a straight formation, they kept moving from the Northeastern sky towards the Northwestern sky but moving relatively comparable to the speed of a commercial airliner /commercial jetliner. Ironically enough....

The three orbs were glowing very bright. They looked to be reflecting the sun light, but were soo bright they appeared to glow. I'm not sure if they were spinning like a top or not, they were too far away to tell. But what made me think they may be spinning, is at some points their reflection would diminish for a split millisecond and then reflect again. Not like a strobe light or a flare. But like someone holding a mirror. I want to say they were almost white in color when they would stop reflecting / shinning for that split second. White-ish but with a gloss like porcelain. They mostly stayed in a reflective state, as it was like a mirror being angled in the sunlight.

I was almost confident I seen this before but at night time with Satellites. I've seen Satellites at night and they basically look like slow shooting stars that kind of glow but are usually not as bright as the sun. Satellites in my amateur experience only seem observable for roughly 10 - 15 seconds before they disappear into the atmosphere (and out of the light pollution range).  

I watched these three orbs / objects for roughly 20 seconds. From the first sight of them I thought they were Satellites. I was actually just surprised that I was seeing Satellites so well in the early afternoon sky. It would have been my first experience ever seeing Satellites during the day at all.
I watched the orbs for roughly 20 seconds when to my surprise I noticed an actual commercial airliner approaching from the Northeastern sky. (The airliner was flying at approximately 20,000 - 35,000ft.). The plane was traveling towards the Northwestern / West part of the sky as well. The plane was coming in from the Northeast and seemed to be following / flying in the exact same path as what these three orbs were traveling. At this point I'd say the orbs were roughly 1 mile in front of the plane. This quickly struck me as odd.

As I'm standing there wondering why this looked strange. Roughly 5 seconds later after I spotted the commercial airliner I noticed more orbs approaching from the rear of the plane coming from the Northeastern part of the sky, moving Northwestern / West also. These seemed to be following the plane versus the other three that were now in front of the plane. They also had a glow the same as the first three. I quickly counted three new orbs on the rear side of the plane, possibly four. They looked identical to the first three. At first sight my guess is they were roughly 2 or 3 miles away from the rear of the plane. I observed them for roughly 2 seconds max. They also seemed to be traveling at the same speed as a commercial airliner / jet liner.

All of a sudden the three or four orbs on the rear of the plane instantaneously shot towards the other three orbs currently in front of the plane. The rear three or four moved so fast they must have covered at least 4 miles in about a second. As they shot off it seemed as if they also stayed equally apart at the same distance. But it was too fast to be sure of their distance apart. When they shot towards the frontal three orbs of the plane, they moved so fast it was more of a motion blur effect. As the rear orbs were traveling towards the front orbs, they appeared to have either went along the opposite side view of the plane or slightly above the plane. Boosting towards the frontal orbs in a Western direction. The plane was able to block their view for a split second as they flew past it. Considering my view was blocked, I later realized I could estimate their size. I'm assuming now all orbs seen were roughly 30ft x 30ft, spherical or cylinder in design.

As soon as the orbs from the rear met up with the orbs on the front, they instantly merged together and started moving very erratically all around in different directions. This merge now basically became a blob of 6 to 7 orbs moving in various directions. Up, down, left, right, circular rotations of flight in a clockwise and counterclockwise manner. It was very random. They ceased to follow their former straight formation. They moved quickly but slowly enough to observe that they were moving randomly in circular motions independent of each other. One would fly higher, while one would fly lower, and another to the left, and another to the right and then totally reversing and changing their directions to fly around each other in a circular motion. Almost as if they were making a 3D sphere of objects in the sky while in flight.
I observed this random circular flight behavior for roughly 10 seconds. As the orbs conducted this behavior it seemed as if they kept the same quadrant in the sky. Yes, they were moving in circles around each other, but they remained in the same grid reference or quadrant of the sky. They didn't appear to be traveling Westward, but rather stationary currently conducting these circular maneuvers.

Meanwhile the plane was approaching this stationary blob of orbs moving in circular formations around each other. As the plane approached it seemed the plane had traveled to within 1/2 mile of the orbs. When the plane seemed like it was approaching closer to these orbs is when all 6 to 7 of them, in a group, still randomly flying in a stationary circular formation, shot off towards the West at super sonic speeds. These orbs shot off so absurdly fast, in my opinion they covered from what I would say would be a stretch of visible sky for 20 - 30 miles, in a bout 2 seconds tops. From being visibly there to instantly gone. There was slight motion blur when they sped off but more of a full blown blur rather than the trail like visual of slower motion blur.

And just like that the orbs were gone. Approximately 45 seconds total from the first three orbs observed to their circular blob formation super sonic disappearance. Meanwhile, the airliner was still traveling towards the Northwest / West part of the sky. To give clarity to the amount of distance those orbs covered when they took off. The time it took the plane to reach where I roughly saw the last of the orbs took the plane about 2 minutes to travel. What took the plane 2 minutes, these orbs traveled then vanished in 2 seconds tops. It lasted 45 seconds tops. It was now roughly 10:51am est.
