{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-01-25 21:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512242","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46083","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3474,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/242/mufon-5512242.json","updb_database_id":5512242}
5 objects appeared out of darkness, then flew staight up when helicopters showed up within four to five minutes

I have a strange file that you might be interested in.
If not, can you direct me to someone who might be able to assist me.

On January 25, 2013, at 21:23 hrs. our office received a call from a Tsuu
Tina resident who claims that she saw strange lights just south of her
house on the Tsuu Tina reserve west of Calgary. Some of these lights
appeared to be very close to the ground. This event may have been a 3 - 5
minute event at which time these lights took off straight up into the sky.
Within 4-5 minutes the complainant advised that 4-5 helicopters showed up
and flew around circling the general area. When myself and Cst.
Fairbrother attended, there was still one helicopter circling around.

Our complainant was able to take some pictures of these lights and
provided me with her photo card from her camera.
I took her card back to our office, developed the photos, printed them off
and made digital copies on disk. After reviewing the photos and using the
zoom tools on our computer, these images show what appear to be 3 maybe 4
different craft.

On January 28th, 2013 I returned to the area where these lights were seen
in the day light hours. I walked through the forested area to see if I
could find anything that could be related to this event. In the general
area I found a small peice of florescent greenish-yellowish fuzzy type
material. This was sitting right on top of the snow. I looked around and
found that there was nothing in the general area that matched this
material and could not find an explanation for this material being there
except for the events that occurred on the days previous.
In addition to this, our office checked with the local airports, as far as
air traffic, and were told that there were no helicopters flying in the
area on the above noted date.

Question - would you know anybody who would be able to take a look at this
material and
analyze it and tell me what it could possibly be?

Also, after watching your show on Discovery Channel, I learned a little
bit about radio-activeness in relation to U.F.Os. So I did a compass
check with it and found that this peice of material does affect the
compass in that it makes the needle move a small amount. I have recorded some video of the compass needle movement. 

For all its worth it could be a piece of insulation, but I still think it
is worth looking at.

I can also provide a copy of the photos on c.d. for your examination as well.

you can reach me at this email

willy.bigsmoke@tsuutinapolice.com

office # 403-251-9660
fax   403-238-4075

Thank you.

W.M. Big Smoke Cst. SG112
Tsuu Tina Nation Police Service
