{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-11-21 20:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504242","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54653","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2976,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/242/mufon-5504242.json","updb_database_id":5504242}
{cak} silver craft that hovered above me I was lost in the woods there was no noise no cars just me in the woods I don't know where I was

It was the year 1988 I was going home to visit my mother for thanksgiving I was going straight down 95 over to 10 I was at south of the border south Carolina. I always stop and get gas when my car get on a half of tank of gas but this time I did not stop, I don't know why I turn off of the main highway and ended up in the woods. My oldest son who was 16 years old at the time was sitting in the front seat with me, my baby boy who was two years old at the time was asleep in the back seat lying down. my baby was born slow because the doctor made a mistake at the time of delivery.

Around 8p.m. that night my oldest son said mama something is following us I looked in the rearview mirror, I didn't see anything he said no mama look up. I saw the look of terror in his eyes. I looked up and saw a large craft following us the light was pulsating I tried to speed up because I was frightened. The craft was very large. The next thing I knew I was talking with some one they were kind they gave me the impression that they like women and little children. I was not afraid I asked them where were they from and they told me the Orion star systems I ask them to take me to their planet they told me no and said that I wouldn't survive there they have something built into them that allows them to survive. they asked me if they could have my eggs I told them yes they said that they cannot procreate. and they would come back to see me. My car never ran out of gas and I was right in front of a motel . It was after 10 p.m. I got a motel for the night. my oldest son has been in and out of the mental hospital I don't know what he went through .My youngest son is very intelligent he got his bachelor in criminal justice. My skin has remain the same since I was 40 years I am now in my 60's sure I have medical problems I am diabetic. I wish to remain anonymous. the name and address have been changed. When I travel I always stop before it get dark and get me a hotel/motel room. I never travel at dark time if I am in a car. the most interesting thing they look human to me. I was talking to them there was a leader who told me a lot, but I forgot a lot of information that they told me. MY oldest son never talked about it. I don't know what he saw.
