{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-06-12 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546264","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"23884","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2428,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/264/mufon-5546264.json","updb_database_id":5546264}
Aircraft reporting UFO to Fort Worth Center ATCC.

I listen to all of the civil and military aircraft frequencies for UFO reports. For 30 years I have never heard nothing but while driving home to E Texas from Shreveport La. about a week and a half ago my receiver locked up on 124.575 OR 128.575 "will confirm frequency later" and a pilot was talking about "something that was glowing". He told FWC that "about 5 aircraft had reported it on the last frequency". Then some pilot made some type of crazy comment that I didn't understand. Then a pilot made the " Twilight Zone" diddle over his mic. I never heard nothing else. Im sure that you know how to find this stuff out with the air traffic control centers. Im sure it was a DFW controller that was routing high altitude traffic and not a local Shreveport La. controller. Please let me know what or if you find out anything regarding this matter. Im retiring in Sept. and will be taking a field investigater course if one is needed in my area. I reside in E Texas about 20 miles from Shreveport La. but have property about 30 miles N of Shreveport near Plain Dealing La . I am all over E Texas and NW La. and would like a large area if possible. Im so heavy into UFO's that Im designing a type of camera system to watch the skies at all angles plus have a rotateable camera with zoom lens also. My cameras will be recording constantly where I can review the skies at any time. Im a ham radio operator and have a dedicated 180 ft tower just for this system. Right now Im looking at whats available. I also want to purchase a professional cam corder to have with me while traveling. The dept store cameras wont do. Im sorry for being late reporting this to you , But Im sure theres a log regarding this incident somewhere at DFW . Thanks ,  *Wit's name deleted--SGonzalez/CMS).
