{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-07-28 23:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549264","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"5158","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3635,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/264/mufon-5549264.json","updb_database_id":5549264}
Object appeared at flight approach path altitude at off angle, higher rate of speed. Marker lights blinking fast, odd pattern, low emission, split to 2 then disappeared.

Time: Approx. 11:10 PM EST

Place: Shermans Dale, Pa.
approx. 15 mi. WNW from Harrisburg, Pa.
approx. 25 mi. WNW from Harrisburg International Airport.

Weather: Partially overcast from an afternoon T-Storm

Observed: object traveling abnormally fast, altitude of normal
flight path to Harrisburg International Airport, direction
intersecting normal flight path, movement erratic and luminosity
with low rapid emission. Nothing spectacular but abnormal.

I was in the driveway of my home getting air and looking at stars,
airplanes and lightning bugs flying about before going to bed.

The location is in a normal landing approach from the WNW to
Harrisburg International Airport. Planes normally come from
NW to SE then turn E to the airport runway after clearing a
mountain.

What caught my attention was this object (coming from WNW),
appearing at approach altitude Harrisburg International, but
at excessive speed and off NW approach. Normally approaching
planes have their marker light flashing methodically and when
off reappear in the direction of their trajectory.

As this object traveled the light appeared to intermittently
displace itself from its normal trajectory.

At first, at distance, I thought the object was a plane slightly
off path, and lights perhaps obscured by overcast clouds.

The object (only lights visible) was coming in my direction from
the WNW to pass south of me. It appeared to cross the approach path
to Harrisburg International at near the approach altitude. The 
speed was faster than normal approaches and as the object began to
disappear behind a large tree, I walked quickly some 100 feet down
the road to keep it in sight.

What could be described as the white marker light was blinking 
abnormally fast with low emission. The light intermittently appeared
behind then above normal trajectory. In the final moments observed
the light appeared as 2 objects, with 1 substantially higher than the
other, (an impossibility at the apparent distance and altitude).
The total observed duration was approx. 20-30 seconds, terminating in
the object suddenly disappearing either behind cloud cover or otherwise.
After it disappeared, I called my son (whose eye are better) to come out
for a chance reappearance (no reappearance).
I stayed out (watchful) for about 90 minutes more and saw only planes
and a few shooting stars. Lots of lightning bugs.

Feelings: I wished for a closer and longer observation. It instilled no
fear or emotion (guessing distance at a mile or so), other than the
liking something more conclusive.

Pictures/videos:  Sorry, none. I was on my way to bed.

After the appearance of 2 simultaneous objects then disappearance I
knew planes can't do that. I've been on 2 aircraft carriers, watched
lots of take-offs, landings and maneuvers. This didn't fit.
