{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-07 05:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501264","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57799","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3414,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/264/mufon-5501264.json","updb_database_id":5501264}
{nd} One or 3 lights in a string across the morning sky

I was at home, just getting ready to go to sleep after a long day at a convention in Los Angeles. On a whim, I poked my head out of my window to take a glance at the dark blue light from the soon-to-be-rising sun. At that time, approximately 5-5:30AM, I spotted something odd in the sky. I'm a fairly intelligent and rational sort of person, so I went through the standard list of what it could be. 

I live close enough to Ontario International Airport that I'm no stranger to aircraft of varying types, including blimps, which look rather strange at night. I also know what a satellite usually looks like, what a shooting star looks like, what planets look like, and this only resembled, possibly, a satellite or string of satellites.

In my excitement, I woke my parents, who weren't too happy to hear from me saying, "Hey, wanna see a UFO?" All three of us looked out the window to spy whatever it was. My step-father immediately said he believed it to be a geosynchronous or geostationary set of 3 satellites, and they returned to bed. While I don't want to discredit his assumption, I looked through a small set of binoculars at the lights to try and get a clearer view. 

The centermost light was the brightest, and the other two on either side seemed dimmer. I'm not sure if it was due to something on the glasses of the binoculars, but it also seemed almost like it was refracted/reflected somewhat by the atmosphere. Though, I'm fairly certain there were, in fact, three separate lights in a line. They also moved, very, very slowly. So slowly so as to be almost imperceptible. 

If they were geostationary or geosynchronous satellites, as my step-father suggested, it's possible they were simply moving with the rotation of the planet around their orbit somewhat, though I'm unsure if such things are able to be viewed from the ground, and I am also unsure if they appear to move at all, since doing so seems to violate the name of the orbits in question.

I ultimately lost sight of the object(s) when it(they) became too hard to see from my bedroom window, and I went to bed. I tried to find a list of satellites overhead at the time, but I'm not an astronomer, and most satellites that were overhead were listed with a lot of information I didn't understand. No planets were overhead in that direction of which I am aware either, and I do know it was not, in fact, the ISS, if that helps.

Overall, I wasn't scared, just curious. I'd really, really like to know what it was that I saw. By all technical definition, it is currently an Unidentified Flying Object, but even if it just turns out to be some satellites in a strange orbit, I'd like to know what they are, what they do, and all that. I hope to get some clarification soon.
