{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-07-25 09:24:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458264","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103279","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4044,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/264/mufon-5458264.json","updb_database_id":5458264}
{jpg} Whatever this was in the Sky was colossal in size.

We went to the trail, at this time, to watch a specific planetary alignment, happening that evening which was going to be highly visible shortly after sundown. I had just filmed the sun setting and we were waiting to see some of the planets, at this point. My gf and I were having a conversation when I looked up and first saw what looked like a circular cloud. There weren’t many clouds in the sky, but at first glance it almost blended in with the other clouds. As I looked back down to her while she was talking, I thought to myself that that particular cloud looked too symmetrically circular. When I looked back up, basically, directly up and forward facing north, this object had “glided” so far forward and covered such a vast distance, it was obviously not a cloud and was something structural. I interrupted my gf and told her to look up. At this point it had stopped its northerly direction and was now heading back in a due west direction. She asked me “ why are you not recording THIS” (because I had just spent time recording the sunset). By the time, I pulled my camera phone back out and got the recording going, this object had made it clear across the valley and way past town. In my best estimate, because the airport is three miles west, out of town, from our location, this object must have been nearly ten miles west past town. It was at this time that we began witnessing the object doing even more extreme maneuvers we had never encountered before. First, this huge object came to nearly a standstill high in the air. Then, accompanied with strange, barely perceptible, flashes of light that fill the entire upper half of the recording screen, this colossal object disappears right in front of our eyes. It then reappears, and continues this cycle for several minutes. The flashes are always there as the object disappears. I was looking at the screen and could not make out the flashes. However, my partner, could see them in real time and comments on them in the full recording and says that we will be able to see the flashes when we go back and look, and she was correct. Also, she was seeing multiple much smaller objects that were off to the sides ( in the southern part of the sky) that she said she was continuing to see dart in and out of the clouds that were over there. I chose to keep my camera trained on the one larger object as best as I could. The original video I took is 5:40 seconds long. The entire episode took about six minutes from start to finish, with the object completely disappearing while recording with it to not appear again. I am enclosing a 1 min 58 second long clip of the video which was shot in 4K on my iPhone. I wish to reiterate the gargantuan size of this object. At a later date, I went and filmed large airplanes in different forms of flight, with the same phone, and the difference in size can only be described as staggering.
