{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-03 15:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524264","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31613","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3162,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/264/mufon-5524264.json","updb_database_id":5524264}
Daytime Cigar-shaped object went into cloud & took 12+ minutes to exit

Hot, steamy and humid day on Saturday afternoon with almost no breeze. Enjoying the coolness of the water on the Allegheny River near Cheswick/Oakmont/Harmar by floating with life vest in the calm part of the river -- as many others do who come and throw anchor on a hot summer day.

I was in the water for about 20 minutes swimming around while my partner was in a kayak and leaned back to relax. I noticed what appeared to be a far away jet at high altitude (about 1/3 inch at arm's length), but I saw only a dash of white and no wings/tail or contrail - which I would expect to see on such a humid day. Well, I thought, perhaps the Sun wasn't shining on it at correct angle to see structures besides a tube or cigar shape, which would be not out of the question at such altitude (if high). So I watched it fly straight path slowly into a puffy cloud (or above it, not sure of height of cloud or altitude of object). I decided to keep watching for it to exit the cloud which was about 8 inches long at arm's length. I mentioned this to my partner who saw it as well, but was too interested in the goings-on on the water to be interested and proceeded to paddle off to get some refreshments.

At the estimated speed it was traveling, it should have come out the other side within 3-4 minutes tops. It didn't. So I waited, not taking my eyes off it. After an amazing 12 to 15 minutes or so (enough for at least 4 or so songs on boat radios to have played) it surprised me by emerging, continuing slowly in straight line to the next cloud over about 1 foot at arm's length away. "Well okay then, perhaps you aren't a jet after all," I thought.

So I watched that cloud too to see if it would repeat the hide-in-cloud behavior.
It didn't.
It never came out that second cloud even though I watched until that cloud dispersed into nothingness.

The area it was over is by the PA Turnpike and Route 28 interchanges and not far from 2 Cheswick coal-fired power plants on the river. I thought it pertinent to report this since I've seen other recent PA UFO reports that seem to be located not to far from or near the PA Turnpike as well.

Recording it obviously wasn't an option since I was in the water far from shore the whole time. You would get more reports if "anonymous" truly meant not having to give you any personal information. I do not wish to be contacted. I report this only for other eye witnesses who might have seen these too, because I know you can't study such a sighting.
