{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-07-10 15:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484264","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75574","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2790,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/264/mufon-5484264.json","updb_database_id":5484264}
afternoon disc apparition triangle formation

I might as well tell you my story before i get too old. I am 50 years old and this happened to me in 1973, when i was 8 years old. It was in July, mid afternoon, blue sky andn I was playing outside with a few friends on a gravel lot near my home. The cicadas were cranking up the volume, announcing the heatwave that day. In one instant, everything changed. No more cicada sounds, no birds sounds, insects, nothing. The air around us fell dead silent. What followed immediately after was a tremedous electrical sound, like static filling the air and our bodies. It was so loud that i covered my ears while staring up in the air to find the culprit of this deafening noise....and I did. Staring at 45 degrees up, over my friends house, the sky just..opened. I say opened because what I saw were metal discs appearing in the cloudless sky, one after the other in a triangle formation. I will never be sure of the exact amount of discs that appeared but it was either 3 or 5 of them and in a triangle formation. They were solid, shiny silver discs, maybe 30 feet in diameter. They were about 50 feet up in the air, just a little above tall tree level and they were very slowly coming right above my head. The only adult that I know saw them was the mother of 2 friends that were with me. She came out of her house screaming at the top of her lungs to get her kids in the house. Me? I just stood there, frozen. I cannot remember being scared, but i do remember my body feeling numb from the static noise all around me. As they were approaching me, I could see the reflection of the street on the bottom of the discs. Sadly, this is all I can remember of this event. I have no recollection of ever speaking of this to anyone that day. My mind is still blank. This was 1 of 3 major similar events that happened to me that summer. To this day, only one person knows my story. At the age of 49 ( last year), what I thought were 3 distinct , separate events, all meshed into 1 singular event, but that is another story. Weird the first word that comes to mind while writing this, but I do think that writing my story is the right thing to do. Thank you
