{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1996-12-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516264","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41863","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2364,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/264/mufon-5516264.json","updb_database_id":5516264}
{dr}Silent Massive Triangle

My wife and I were on holiday in Florida and making a trip, by car, to Key West. Staying overnight in Marathon we had finished our evening meal at a nearby restaurant (no alcohol consumed) and had decided to take a walk at he nearby Faro Marine Resort. The night was calm and the sky as clear as I had ever seen it. We walked along the marina and past the picturesque lighthouse, to our left, gazing up into the inky blue sky looking in a northerly direction. Suddenly a section of sky, dead ahead, caught my attention and I noticed a massive black triangle, with a white light at each corner and a more reddish light in the centre silently gliding towards us.
The craft was absolutely massive and as it silently floated over our heads, obliterated most of the night sky. We both turned round as it went directly over us, to continue our view and then at a range of about 800 meters it performed a maneuver from its southerly direction to a south westerly direction at an elevation of approximately 351 at what can only be described as "Star Trek Light Speed". It was gone in a second or so!
My wife then turned to me and said "did you see that?(The whole incident took less than 1 minute and during that time neither I or my wife uttered a single word to each other)I replied "yes" after which, visibly shaken, she started to panic and demand we go back to our hotel.
What we saw was absolutely spectacular, massive, beyond belief and beyond anything manufactured by Man. I have since questioned what I saw, many times and such is the awe, that were it not for my wife witnessing the same event then I would have thought what I saw was a hallucination.
The incident left me and my wife in no doubt whatsoever that "We are not alone"
