{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-17 06:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484577","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75247","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2650,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/577/mufon-5484577.json","updb_database_id":5484577}
small flashing, pulsating light, hovered, moved slowly, hovered again

At about 6:45 I went on to my porch to have my coffee and cigarette like I do every morning. I noticed this bright light sitting above the trees. I thought to myself, is this a star? why does it appear to be moving a little to the left and then to the right. As I was watching it, it looked like these little tiny specks of stars were shooting out from it. I only caught glimpses of them and wasn't sure if my eyes were playing tricks on me. I thought about getting my camera but then again it could just be a star and if it was anything wouldn't our planes be checking it out to see what was in our air space? not a second after I had that thought a huge bright light appeared on the right of the small lite and just hovered there beside it. I honestly couldn't tell you what it was, a plane, helicopter, it was big, very very bright, I did not hear any sound come from it and I hear all planes that fly overhead because i AM in direct crossing to the vancouver airport. That large light just sat beside the smaller light then 2 other lights came into view and they all just hovered beside the smaller one. No sound, no strange maneuvers, just all sitting in the sky. Two of the bigger bright lights flew away and then there was just the biggest one sitting beside the small light. This went on for about 20 min with the 3 bigger lights all hanging around the small light. Then after the 2 bigger lights left, the big one left and the small one just slowly went towards vancouver and eventually disappeared. I don't know if you will get anything out of this video, I have an old iphone and I could barely see anything thru the camera lense as I was filming. I apologize for the poor video. I also have no idea the "degrees" in which the light was, I just threw in "60" sorry!
