{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-03-28 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459577","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101929","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3834,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/577/mufon-5459577.json","updb_database_id":5459577}
{jpg} Brief viewing of a high-altitude disc -- Teacher/coach sighting/Approx. 4 PM March 28, 2019 FURLOUGH MIDDLE SCHOOL (Terrell TX):

An hour or so after the final school bell, I was preparing a few athletes for a district track meet scheduled for the following week. It was one of the first days of the new year that the sky was blue after a long, drab winter. There were a few sparse, scattered clouds both low & high up; but the sky was big and clear. However, there was a lot of activity in the atmosphere during the viewing period I’m describing … more than a half-dozen aircraft flying at varying altitudes, plus vapor trails. Additionally, there were dozens of birds moving in different directions. Mostly swallows & blue jays darting around or small groups lazily sailing about. No full flocks though. 
There was a weird, but nice vibe going on. It felt kind of different that day. Something told me to look skyward & pay attention. I picked the highest cloud directly above my head & noticed an object that had the appearance of the bottom of a lithium watch battery. Shiny metal in the center with a kind of border around the edge. I could only see it straight up from the bottom – so I think it was disc-shaped, but there's a slight possibility it was spherical. It moved erratically & seemed to almost bounce around on the edge of a cloud for 10, 12, or maybe 15 seconds. It was so high up that I cannot estimate its size. It could have been enormous.
I called out to a kid within arm’s reach and pointed & asked “do you see that?” I tried to line her eyes up with my pointing arm and finger, but she said she couldn’t see it because of nearsightedness (the classic junior high kid who would rather have bad eyesight than wear disfiguring glasses). My glasses were working fine and I was frustrated to be the only one who could focus in on it. I shouted “Look there, do you see it? It’s way up there!” to some others standing nearby. Then I blinked rapidly & shook my head to better focus my eyes & make sure I wasn’t hallucinating; but it was still there. Then it was gone. 
It was odd. It didn’t change shape or zip off or dematerialize or squeeze away. It simply vanished from sight. I quickly began to view other objects in the sky to gain a comparison to what I had just seen. I noticed some swifts flying about whose fat little bellies had a round, metallic white gleam to them that was very similar to what I saw, but they moved in a linear fashion & they were just too low. What I saw was WAY up there.
I joked with the kids that I reckoned I saw a UFO & they shined it on like ‘yeah you probably did.’ Nonetheless, they surprisingly seemed to accept it as a possible real event. Soon after, we went inside while I kept watching to see if anything else was up there. But there were no more unusual objects.
I had a similar high-altitude, clear-view, slower-moving daylight sighting of a silver sphere a decade earlier from my car window while diving home from work. It disappeared behind a cloud in the Texas sky on I45 near Richland TX after only 5-seconds of visibility. But this recent one I’ve described has haunted me for a couple months now to the point where I simply had to report it.
