{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-22 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492577","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66954","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2595,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/577/mufon-5492577.json","updb_database_id":5492577}
{rjl} Sighted a light density cloud swirl with opening in the middle. Sighted with 10x50 wide angle Bushnell binoculars and discovered star-like object in center opening of cloud.

At approximately 11:45pm last night (6-22-15) I stepped out onto my back deck which overlooks the Chesapeake Bay from the east bank looking west towards Annapolis, MD. I brought my 10x50 wide angle Bushnell binoculars to observe the setting cresent moon. The moons possition in relation to mine was slightly south west at approximatley 15 degrees above horizon. The object I obsrved was at approximately 25 degrees above horizon slightly south west between my possition and the cresent moon. It appeared as a small light cloud round in shape with an opening in the center. (Like looking down on the top of a whirl pool or Hurricane.) I sighted my binoculars in on the cloud and thats when I observed the light in the center. It appeared to be yellowish in color and solid, no blinking or additional lights like an aircraft would have and it made no sound. I looked around the visible sky to see if any other objects or aircraft might be around and realized that nothing else was flying at the moment. I ran inside and woke my wife to come and witness and observe it. She watched for a minute, maybe two. I then watched it turn from the swirling cloud to what appeared to be a fanned out illuminated cloud in front of it. It became very fuzzy/hazy as it moved farther away. The path was from south to north and slightly west. the whole viewing lasted about 10 minutes from start to finish. Just after the object went out of sight, the sky fillied up with about a half a dozen or so aircraft. Some were commercial aircraft flying into BWI. One massive aircraft flew from south to north at about 25 degrees above horizon along the Bay and then headed due east towards Deleware.
So I have no idea what this object could of been. I watch aircraft an satellites all the the time and I have never seen anything like this befor.
