{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499577","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59558","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2813,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/577/mufon-5499577.json","updb_database_id":5499577}
{dr}Amber-colored light moving erratically, pausing & pulsing brightly, then taking off at very high speed

On the night of August 7, I was camping with a very dear friend of mine near Boreas Pass, about 20 miles northwest of Fairplay, Colorado and about 7 miles west of the tiny town of Como. We were camped near a high alpine meadow at 10,400 ft, just below the summit of Boreas Peak. As we were having dinner, we noticed a bright amber-colored light moving across the sky in a straight line. This would have been nothing unusual (indeed, we both initially assumed it was a satellite or high-altitude plane), except that at one point, it grew much brighter...and then, a few seconds later, much dimmer again (though still clearly visible). We both said to each other, "That was weird...," but were still ready to write the whole thing off. 

About 20-30 minutes later, we went out for a late-night stroll in the meadow under the moonlight. We were just about to head back to camp & go to bed when my friend shouted, "Hey! Look over there!" and pointed in the direction of Boreas Peak (roughly westward). Just above the top of the mountain (at least from our perspective) was an amber light like the one we'd seen before, only brighter and closer. And instead of moving in a straight line, it zig-zagged around in all directions: up and down, left and right, and not at a constant speed either. It actually appeared to be following the line of the mountain. At one point, it stopped completely in its tracks, flashed very brightly for a few seconds, and then darted off to the right (northward) at a tremendous speed. Shortly after (within 15 minutes), we saw two airplanes that appeared to be military jets pass over the same mountaintop. These were clearly distinguishable from the commercial jets passing overhead on their way to Denver.

I had always been curious about UFOs, but still skeptical. "I'll believe it when I see one" was always my mantra. Well, this was the point at which my perspective shifted: I have now seen a UFO with my own eyes, something I cannot rationally explain. It might be aliens, it might be something of ours, it might be "earth lights," but whatever it was, I have no earthly idea!
