{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-11-14 18:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289577","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113778","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2292,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/577/mufon-5289577.json","updb_database_id":5289577}
Like a bowling ball was like a whit light

This is Raymond A Ramirez, in November 1967 myself and approximately 50 other Marines saw a UFO. We were all at a lonely section of an army base. They have taken all weapons away from us, we were having c-rations and either two beers or two sodas or a combination of the two. When it got dark army artillery started going off. We could see the muzzle flash. 
When all of a sudden we could see this light coming slowly toward us, we started moving very slowly toward the trench in front of use thinking this was a loose round. It was spear shape and approximately three or four times the size of an average bowling ball. There was no sound whatsoever coming out of it, just bright but, it did not shine any light on the ground or illuminate anyone it was just there. It was low, I would say 8 feet up above the ground 
maybe 10 feet above the ground and stopped right in front of us, as though it was looking at us. After 
around 30 seconds it shot into the sky at about 90° and it traveled faster than a bullet, it kept climbing and climbing until the last guy with the best Eyes couldn’t see it anymore. It look like it disappeared into the stars and there was no sound whatsoever no thrust that could be seen, no propulsion that could be seen, nothing it was like a magnet just drew or pulled it up. This is true so help me God. I experienced another sitting after leaving service. It was I September 2968, this sitting was even more stranger.
Mankind has made contact with an alien 'Galactic Federation' but it has been kept secret because 'humanity isn't ready', former head of Israel's space security program claims
