{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-29 19:59:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488577","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71065","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3428,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/577/mufon-5488577.json","updb_database_id":5488577}
I was on my computer when suddenly I looked skyward and I came across something impressive. A large whitish spaceship was moving low over the buildings from north to south at a slow speed.

1st object:
I was at home on my computer when suddenly I looked skyward
and I came across something impressive.
A large whitish spaceship was moving low over the buildings from north to south at a slow speed.
My first thought when I saw the spaceship was that it was trying to camouflage by looking like a cloud but it had very defined outline and I knew instantly that it was something unknown.
The object was very large and I was impressed by that. Without a doubt I would say that it was what in ufology is known as a mothership.
As mentioned before, it had the aspect of a cloud (in my opinion to camouflage) but it was nothing like a cloud. It had a very defined outline and had a certain aura was sorrounding the object, a whitish glow.
Even though the object had that aspect, It seemed solid. The object was traveling in what appeared to be a straight line at a slow speed.
My feelings during the sighting was that of astonishment. 
I reacted with extreme quickness as in my balcony I always have my camcorder and tripod ready and wanted to film the sighting.
After the sighting I couldn't believe what I had seen.
I lost sight of the object when it went behind one of the buildings.

That spaceship I couldn't capture because the image on my camcorder wouldn't focus.
Even so, I could capture a very mysterious spaceship that was following
the first as if it were escorting it (2nd object).

2nd object:
After the sighting of the first object I was on my balcony filming with my camcorder while looking at the sky to see if there was more strange activity in the sky. Suddenly I saw this very mysterious spaceship that was following the first object as if it were escorting it. 
What made me first notice the object was its very strange aspect along with its large size.
When I first noticed the object I instantly knew that it was of unknown origin.
The object was dark in aspect and had two lights that were seperated from one another but seemed to be attached to each other. Both lights had an opaque brightness to them. 
Also, the object presented a very strange motion that really astonished me. 
My feelings during the sighting was that of astonishment since I was looking at a very mysterious, dark and opaque object of unknown origin.
I reacted instantly and with my camcorder on the tripod I filmed it.
After the sighting of this object I was left with a feeling of uncertainty and darkness because I was faced once again with the unknown.
I lost sight of the object when it went behind one of the buildings. 

I was able to film the 2nd object.

Here's the youtube link of the video:
[Link moved to FI section/CMS/jpg]
