{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491775","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67781","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2527,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/775/mufon-5491775.json","updb_database_id":5491775}
{dr}It was a black chevron like object with very sharp corners. It hovered over the city and did not move.

My friends and I were in a local bar after watching the US Womens World Cup game. We were just hanging out, drinking a couple of beers, and talking about the match.  One of the bartenders that works at the bar came in to have a drink on his off time. He walked through the door and had a very surprised look on his face. We asked him what was wrong, and he said he may have just seen a UFO. I didn1t believe him at first, but then he started to tell me that it has been hovering way up in the sky for about two hours. We went outside so he could point out the object, and sure enough it was hovering in the sky very high above the city. My judgment on distance may be a little off, but from how big it was in the sky, it looked like if it had landed it would have been very large. It had the oddest shape to it. It had what seemed to be very distinct and sharp edges and was chevron shaped. I thought that it might be a bomber or a drone, but it never moved, not once. I thought that my eyes just may be adjusting, so I used a building in front of me for perspective on the motion of the object, and from what I gathered it did not make any movements. I stayed in one spot for about 30 minutes and didn1t move one time. I was kind of confused because I don1t know of any planes that can hover that long in the sky without moving. We stood outside and pointed it out to people walking by. Some were interested and started taking pictures, and some just said it was a drone or a plane and ignored it. After standing there for about 45 min, we went back into the bar. We came back out about 30 later, and it was still there. I then had to leave because I had plans that I had to keep, but when I left, the object was still in the sky.
