{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-05-21 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517775","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39945","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3584,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/775/mufon-5517775.json","updb_database_id":5517775}
{nd} A large quiet cigar shaped object.

My father owned a crab picking house at what is now [item moved/CMS/nd] I owned a small uphostery shop that I ran out of a small construction office type of trailer behind his business. I went out side to "water the flowers" when I saw cars that were parked at the end of Messick Rd (the road ends about 1/4 mile from what was then my shop) and they were going back up the road from the end of Messick [item moved/CMS/nd] is the only words that come to mind. I looked toward the east, which from my perspective appeared to be over Bells Oyster Gut, a small inlet of the Back River, was a large quiet cigar shaped object. It appeared as if someone was welding the outside of it and molten steel hit the water. Of coarse that cant actually be what ahppened but thats the words Id use to describe what I saw. Just prior to the 1st Iraq war and being in visual distance of the Langley AFB runway we rarely saw a time when there was no air traffic, but there was absolutely none during this siting. I didn't know how big it was or how far away it was until later when it moved SW and was behind the 4 towers on the other side of the river and it stuck out of each end from my perspective from the 1st to the 4th tower. That means it must have been at least several hundreds of yards long if not dozens. I went back into the shop to call my wife and tell her what I just saw and went back out after getting no answer as she goes to bed eariler than most folks but when I went back outside it was gone. I told both of my older brothers the next day and was laughed at and rejected. The reason Im even saying anything now is after seeing a documentary about Richard Lang investigating Chris Bledsoe, I thought maybe those cars that went screaming up the road saw what I saw, and maybe just maybe have reported it over the years. I could be off by the dates by 6 to 8 months either way. I guess when you are rejected by wife and brothers after telling them about the siting you put it out of your mind knowing thats where its got to stay if life is gonaa be normal. But now after 25 years of marraige the trust is there so its not a problem and I don't care what my brothers think. I wish the story was more exciting but it is what it is. I saw another documentary where a lady said she had what looked like sparkling star dust on her trees and realized that really is like what I saw discharging out of whatever it was when the "welding sparks" landed in the water during my siting so long ago. I hope someone out there has witnessed what I did aound those dates and has contacted MUFON. Id say at least 5 cars where moving back up Messick when it occurred and they had to see what I saw they way they were moving as if they were on fire and moving faster would put it out...I know of no craft, not even the largest airship that could be behind the 4 towers and stick out of the 1st and 4th it was so long. The towers were still there the last time I looked...
