{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-04 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509775","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48641","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2588,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/775/mufon-5509775.json","updb_database_id":5509775}
{dr}rectangular object in sky july 4 2013 many orange lights bright and similiar to the color of the moon. it was stationery and than began to move slowly than just took off wi lightening speed and it vanished it was gone.

I LOST MY CELL PHONE SO i went to the front yard to see if i could find it in my car. It was about 10:20 pm. i turned the lights on inside my car. The cell was not in there so i closed the car doors.  I was standing in the street by my car. I looked up and I saw this orange lit up thing in the sky and at first I thought of the moon, but not even. It was about as high up as a blimp. But we get blimps frequently, there was no sounds. It appeared square and lit up orange lights and was just stationary. I could not imagine what it was so i just kept looking. I thought it was a blimp at first but it was rectangular I glared at it for maybe 10 seconds. Then I realized it was stationery and not moving, and then it began to move and than just took off wi lightening speed. towards the East. I ran into the house and yelled UFO to my husband and son. I told them to come out and bring the camera. It was nowhere to be seen when it took off it was amazingly fast. I have never seen anything like this before. I looked on the internet to see if there were any other sightings. Strange on July 4. My reactions. I was just excited and could not believe what I saw. I wished my spouse and son could have seen it for proof. But when it took off it was so so fast and just disappeared. The orange lights were similar to the color of the moon but brighter. It almost looked like a whole bunch of small orange lights, and in the center of it almost looked like a number but as I watched it there was no number. There was no other color just the orange. No sound. Then it began to move slowly, That is when I began to run to the house but i was still looking up at it, When I began to run It just took off towards the east with lightening speed and was completely totally disappeared.
