{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-30 06:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503775","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55144","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4180,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/775/mufon-5503775.json","updb_database_id":5503775}
{dr}Witnessed unlit, black, triangular aircraft pass directly overhead on an absolutely clear morning prior to sunrise.

On the morning of Sunday, March 30, 2014, I awoke normally at 5:58 AM. I proceeded to put on my pants and shoes to go outside and retrieve my newspaper. Upon walking out my front door, which faces due East, I was impressed by the sight of a brilliant Venus rising in the East. As I walked down my driveway to fetch my newspaper lying by the curb, I noticed a fabulous view of the stars in the night sky unlike anything I have seen in a long time. I attributed this to the fact that a cold front moved South through the area on Saturday leaving dry cool air in its wake creating an absolutely clear sky on this morning. No clouds, no distortion in the sky what-so-ever.

I bent down to pick up my paper then looked again to the night sky to admire the stars. I was looking South and saw the constellation, Scorpio and slowly turned to my right, facing West and continued turning and stopped to view the Big Dipper as I was now facing North-West. That's when I noticed to my left, in my peripheral vision, there was movement in the sky. I turned my head to the left to focus on the object and noticed that there were no lights on this craft. No blinking lights as you would normally see on the wingtips of conventional aircraft, no white light on the nose. This got my attention because this craft was close enough to be able to see such lights easily. The craft was coming from the SSW when I noticed it and it was going to pass directly overhead. This is when I could see it's shape from how it obscured the stars in the sky behind it. It was a solid black triangle.

As the craft came closer, I could detect that it must have had a highly reflective surface because it seemed that light from ground sources were reflecting off of the bottom hull of the craft. This also provided me with more detail because I could now see the surface of the craft was also curved on the bottom up towards the sides. As it was passing over head it made a gentle change in course to move more to the North instead of the North-East.

It was now when I noticed something else that was highly unusual, this craft made absolutely no noise at all and it was close enough I would have easily heard something if this was a conventional aircraft. I heard nothing, not even a hum. I continued to watch the object until I lost sight of it in the darkness. Total viewing time would not have exceeded 3 minutes.

I tried to study this object as best as I could. I had no fear of it just a great curiosity. I had a gut feeling that this WAS NOT an alien spacecraft but was man made and that I was witnessing the test flight of some new highly advanced technology. Keep in mind also that my location is in close proximity to MacDill AFB in Tampa, Florida. A perfect place to hide such technology. I think this is an important consideration due to the fact sunrise was at approximately 7:30 AM and this would force the landing of the craft and it's concealment before sunrise. It was also my opinion that this craft was not designed using aeronautical engineering. Something else was powering this craft that had nothing to do with aero lift or drag and no visible means of thrust.

I am reporting this to you in hopes that there may have been other witnesses who have also reported to you and all together you would be able to plot a flight pattern and determine where this object came from and where it was going. Or perhaps you have received reports of an identical craft at another location.
