{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-15 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286775","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116607","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2738,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/775/mufon-5286775.json","updb_database_id":5286775}
Solid Oblong Object Extending Below Low Clould Cover - Tic Tac!

My son and I were taking a walk out the back of our house and up a hill. It was night with heavy cloud cover. The cloud cover was very, very low, and so low that the lights from the city were lighting up the bottom of the clouds with orangish-yellow light. I looked up to see the bottom of an oblong object moving through the clouds, with the bottom extending below the clouds. The city lights were also reflecting off of the object. There was no light from the object, only what was reflecting off from the city lights. The object was clearly solid, and was completely smooth. My best estimate is that the bottom 20% was extending just below the bottom of the clouds.

The object made no sound, and was slowly moving through the bottom of the clouds at an estimaed 8 - 10 feet per second. It moved in complete silence. If I made an oval using both hands to show how big it appeared in the sky from my perspective, my hands make as big of an oval as possible, and I only entend my hands out about 6 inches. That is how big the object appeared in the sky. My best estimate is that it was maybe 150 feet up, and about 20 feet wide and maybe 70 feet long. 

I turned to look at my son in time to see him looking up, and I saw the look of horror overcome his face.  He said, "Dad, I want to go home." I looked up again, and then looked back at him, trying to think of something to calm him. I continued to look up at the object, and back at him, and back and forth. The only thing I could think of to calm him is that it was probably him and I in a time-machine, coming back to look at ourselves. That calmed him down, and the object disappeared into the clouds as it continued to track NW to SE in the sky.

I did not report it at the time, and I was not sure how to first describe the oblong object. At the time, I was telling people that it was like the bottom of a ship, but a ship hull is more angled than this was. Then, I saw a show on TV when the word Tic-Tac was used. I immediately said "That's it, that is exactly what I saw!" That is when I decided I had to report it.
