{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-07-16 09:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528775","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26781","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2516,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/775/mufon-5528775.json","updb_database_id":5528775}
took 2 pictures within less than a minute of each other; first was normal, the second had fast-moving, disk-like object in it

I was with my family in The Grand Tetons about four to five years ago when i was 11 (i am now 16). We were at a lake there and i wanted to take a picture of the mountains behind the water. So, I took two pictures; both within the same minute and probably only a few seconds apart. The first picture shows a wide view of the lake, including the portion that is the second picture, and has no objects that resemble the significant object in the second picture. The second picture is altogether a different picture in which I had the same angle as the first, only I zoomed the camera in a little and took the picture only a few seconds after. You1ll notice that in the second picture there is an apparently fast-moving, rounded disc-like object in the sky. This object didn1t appear anywhere in the first picture, which is strange considering the larger view and the fact that it was only taken a few seconds earlier. I hadn1t noticed the image until later in the trip (I hadn1t reviewed the pictures until later) when we put the pictures on the computer and viewed them all. The pictures interested my family and me, but we never did anything about them. The third picture I enclosed is just a magnification of the section in the second picture of the object. That1s the most clarity my computer can give me at the amount of magnification that I did; at least to my knowledge. I wish there were some way that i knew of to enhance the photos, but I have neither the technology or the resources.
