{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-03-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519775","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36985","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2593,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/775/mufon-5519775.json","updb_database_id":5519775}
2 objects one large one small hovering and pulsing and leaving a light trail.

For the past few nights, my family has all observed two objects in the western sky. At first we thought they were just stars, but on the third night we observed flashing and brightening and dimming and color changes from white to red to green to blue and then reddish orange then back to white. Always in the same order. So we began watching every night for the next 4 nights. This evening ( March 28th) we once again observed the two objects. One was always bigger than the other and the smaller one was always directly below the big one. Tonight that was not the case. We saw both objects in the western sky but the smaller one was below and to the right of the larger one. We observed the color change much more brilliantly and in the same pattern. The smaller one kept moving in a inclined pattern and pulsating bright to dim to bright again. The larger object seemed to do the same and had a wobbling up and down motion. As it would brighten the smaller object would move away and then would move closer again when the big one dimmed. We all felt amazed and a bit shocked by this sighting, but also a sense of wonder and calm. Myself I felt a sense of knowing it was watching us and reacting to our movements as well. I am a true believer in scientific proof but also believe we are not alone in this universe. After we had watched for around 30 minutes the objects started to fade. We noticed the littler one of the two began leaving a whitish/blue "Tail" or streamer behind it as it slower drifter to the north and out of sight. The Larger object just sort of faded out of view as if it was leaving in a direct line with our sight. It just kept getting farther and farther away until we could not see it anymore. These sighting have occurred every night for the past 8 days except on day 4 but has returned every night since. I will report again tomorrow if they show up again. When they do it is always two objects.
