{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-06-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288775","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114587","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4164,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/775/mufon-5288775.json","updb_database_id":5288775}
Encounter with small short reddish entity

It was the early seventies, I was about 10yrs old. 
We lived at The Cottage, Woodfield Ave, SW16 , which was located in a rural part of London.
I had been playing cricket with my Grand father in the garden two days prior to the event and I’d hit a long drive over the wicket , smashing through a glass panel in the bay window of my parents bedroom.
On the day in question, I had been playing with my friend Bobby who lived opposite. I had been signaling him using my major matt mason toy, through the hole I had made with the cricket ball. The glass cut through the cable and the toy fell into a bush below.
Later that evening I went into the bedroom, knowing that was the last place I remember having it. I rushed in went past the wooded armchair, round the side of the bed, couldn’t see it, so went back into my room next door and then back again to my parents room as I went past the wooden chair I detected a warm dark little presence under the chair and assumed it was one of the cats.
Still on the hunt for my toy, I repeated the same search pattern and went next door again. Upon my third search of retracing my steps, I remembered, I had broken the cord and it fell.
As turned to go and retrieve it I had a look to see which cat it was under the chair.
I looked and starred, blinked, looked away in disbelief and back again, nope, it’s still there. I did this a couple of times. It was still there.
Sitting in a foetal position was a small bypedal creature, like a small person, arms legs, a skeletal rib cage and a stomach area that resembled ours when you suck your stomach up into your rib cage.
It was the skinniest thing I have ever seen. I couldn’t see its mouth and it had jet black eyes that wrapped around each side of it head and did not blink.
The entity was identical in colour to a hornet with shiny red skin. To me it appeared to be naked.
I said, Wow ! What are you ?, it didn’t answer.
I was really excited at first and asked ‘Can you talk ? It didn’t answer. I was tempted to sit in the same position but feared that I might be. vulnerable to attack and was a little worried that it might bite me.
I moved to the other side of the chair, a little nearer the door.
I asked, ‘Do you live in the garden? It didn’t answer, I felt a quite self conscious and a little foolish, like I expecting a response from a squirrel or a rabbit. This must be something natural that I have just not learned about yet. It was alive, naked and unthreatening. I had passed within a foot of it and it had not attacked me. it just starred at me with those big black eyes, I had considered capturing it and thought that might not be wise. I didn’t want to hurt it. 
At this point I started to feel quite nervous and could only think ..... ‘Unknown’ , Unknown’ over and over again.
I don’t think it meant me any harm and I regret loosing my nerve and running downstairs to tell my father that there was a man in bedroom.
Which is not exactly what I meant to say, it just came out wrong.
My father rushed upstairs closely followed by me, it had gone.
When I explained, my mum looked freaked out and my father didn’t believe me.
My mother said that children sometimes see things that adults can’t. Which was a polite way of saying , we don’t believe you, you are making it up.
This made me feel foolish, so I suppressed this memory and put it in a box and forgot all about it.
I am 58 now and wish to state for the record .That even though I was not believed at the time. 
All of this is true.
