{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-01-04 19:07:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493775","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65729","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3079,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/775/mufon-5493775.json","updb_database_id":5493775}
{rjl} This is a photo taken of myself drying off.

I was at my son's home in Studio City. It was dark and I had been swanning around in the Jacuzzi for quite a while at least and hour. I got out of the jacuzzi and patted myself dry gently because I had rollers in my hair. (not metal). We were going out that evening.

When I returned to the deck my son showed me pictures (that I did not know he had taken) as I was in the Jacuzzi.  (You can see the neighbours light through the ficas trees through the opaque part of the orb light not confuse.)

He said there is a light beside you. He is not taking to fanciful ideas. He is a script writer and also worked as an executive to several companies. 

I did not think much about the pictures until he forwarded them to me. I looked and played around with brightening the picture up. The orb was dull somewhat as was the other that was not so visible. I have published a book called God on the Move Seraphs Come Knocking and in it I display the pics but not in colour. My book is a sort of biography about my experiences.

I was quite surprised with what took shape. I wondered later why the light was dull. I figured out years later that had the orb come in its normal form, the camera (my sons) cannon digital could not have recorded the orb or the light would have been too much for me. My own assumption.

I also have pictures of orbs that I took from my patio at the time in Wilmington North Carolina - on two separate soccasions.

I currently am in the UK. Without sounding cras I do get visitors - very tall beings generally dressed in white robes. Had an incident in a church in the UK. I was completely on my own in the church. Suddenly a man dressed in white robe and sandals believe or not and very tall - sat further down the pew and we communicated telepathically, he then put his head into his hands as in sadness.
