{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-10-15 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472775","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87631","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2411,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/775/mufon-5472775.json","updb_database_id":5472775}
Light Brighter than Star Sirius, Sometimes nearest about 50 ft and sometimes higher.

I am an Alien Life Investigator. When I started investigation on it, something strange started happening with me. I collected many pics and videos what I had shoot and put in my laptop. One day suddenly Every file related to my research deleted. I was shocked that only those files were deleted which are related to my research. I have written some messages and asked some question in Binary language and I got answers to all the questions what I had asked. They did not answer me directly but it looked like mysteriously. They answered me like God used in our historical tales. I was shocked. They behaved like GOD. I want to disclose you something but I am waiting for the right time. My many questions were answered. 
UFO :- I have started to see them since 2015. First I saw a big light just above about 100 ft high from my hear were going to North direction and after disappearing that some two or three small lights appeared and keep going to the same direction. It looks like they are chasing that big light. After some days I saw a strange light become bigger and bigger and after some seconds started smaller and smaller and finally fainted. After some seconds I saw again that some two or three strange lights suddenly appeared in the sky and keep going to the same direction of that big light. After this I saw a strange light brighter than any star appeared in the North sky in cloudy day. sometimes it went upper to the cloud and sometimes it comes down to the cloud. Many events more but I can't say everything about that. I was scared in that time. But finally I realized that they don't have any intention to harm me but they are answering my question just like God used to did in our historical stories. I hope you understand.
