{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-15 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506874","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51874","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3018,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/874/mufon-5506874.json","updb_database_id":5506874}
{kt}extrelely bright beam of light coming down on the neighbor across the street from mes roof, 2 different beams, unknown source

It was roughly 4:30 am, mid September. I was on my porch that faces the west, having a cigarette. As I was standing there, a extremely bright beam of light appears on the one side of the peak of the neighbors roof. It was so bright, it casted shadows from it. The light then disappeared, and another beam of light comes down on the opposite side of the roof peak. At first what came to my mind was, did my neighbor install security lights on his roof? That made no sense, as he has had no reason or problems that would cause him to install this type of lights. I then thought that maybe another neighbor had a flash light out and was shining it at his roof, but that made no sense either, because the neighbor would have had to have been way up high with the light pointing down. I looked up to see where this light was shining down from, and could only see up about as far as maybe 300 feet, but there was nothing up above from where the light could have came from. There was no sound coming from above, like maybe a helicopter or airplane it could have come from. And what else was so unusual about this, there were NO sounds going on at all, it was dead quiet. No car sounds, no birds singing, no crickets, no cicada sounds, nothing. This situation lasted no more than a minute. I became really scared, seeing this light coming from out of nowhere. If you were to go into my neighbors yard, there would have been no obstruction from trees or power lines in the path of this bright beam of light coming down on the roof. It just stopped, all of a sudden. I stood there, trying to justify what I just saw, and could not come up with any viable reason as to how this could have happened. I saw the neighbor at about 5:30 am, leaving for work, and I just asked him if anything strange had happened at his house recently, and he said no. I did not want to ask him directly about the light beam, I thought he would think I was crazy. He just moved into this house about 6 weeks before this happened. Now each time I am out side, I am always looking over to his house to see if this happens again. This has really bothered me since it happened. If anyone has heard of something like this happening around here, please contact me and talk to me about it, please??

Thank you,
[Name removed/cms/tg]
