{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488874","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70765","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6594,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/874/mufon-5488874.json","updb_database_id":5488874}
{rjl} it was not a UFO sighting.. I think it was an abduction

The most terrifying experience I have ever had occurred in april 2014. I have never been that scared of anything in my life. I went to bed late in the evening with my significant other. I woke up alone (but he often goes to another room to sleep because he is an exceptionally light sleeper). I woke up with a start, fully conscious which is unusual for me. To clarify I am trying to say I wasn't groggy or foggy headed as people are when they first wake up. But when I woke up I felt as if something was horribly wrong. It is very difficult to describe the feeling except to say it was primal, and I felt like I was in danger. Before I could even open my eyes to figure out what was going on I felt my body being flipped, or moved extremely rapidly. It was as if I was light as a feather. One moment I was laying on my side with my head on my pillow, the next thing I am on my stomach. At that moment I was absolutely frightened but I couldn't make sense of what was happening because it didn't make sense. I remember thoughts flying through my head rapidly as I tried to figure out why my body would have flipped like that. As I am thinking I feel my body being pulled. The exact feeling is once again difficult to explain. Especially because at that moment I really still thought I was in my house, I still didn't even consider abduction. But it felt like I was being pulled down through my mattress into the very bedding of the mattress. I literally felt my face and the rest of my body being pushed into "something" as if I were being shrink wrapped in my mattress. Of course at this point I was completely immobilized. I couldn't move, I felt like I could barely breathe because of the tightness of the constriction. My mind is going absolutely wild at this point, what the hell is happening to me. The experience just wasn't registering, my mind couldn't make sense of it. All the while my eyes are still closed. So I never saw anything. But it was what I heard and felt that changed everything. When I became immobilized such terror struck me as I have never felt, I began to try to scream. But the only sound that came out was a low moaning, it kind of sounded like I had a gag on but there was none. I kept trying to move but couldn't, and thats when I started hearing the sounds. Buzzes, bangs, clicks, its sounded automated like machinery operating. At that point I still didn't know what to make of it, especially because I now believe that whatever it was purposely kept me from seeing. Its as if I didn't realize I had eyes to open, or something willed me to keep them closed. It didn't want to be seen. All of a sudden as if the experience couldn't get any worse. I felt hands touch my body. Thats the exact moment I knew that someone or something was doing this to me. Before that I really had no sense of what was occurring except that it was weird and I was frightened. What was even stranger was the way it touched me. It... something using two hands softly rubbed my lower back just to the top of my buttocks. At this point my terror is supreme, I now knew I was being held against my will and something was touching me. I remember thinking to my self "oh my f%^ing god" WTF.The hands were neither hot or cold, and as they touched me I sensed and felt their intent. It was purposely trying to arouse me sexually and that scared the piss out of me. Not only because I was being held against my will but also because I felt the most intense arousal I have ever felt in my life. This is so embarrassing!! It was as if I felt and saw every single nerve ending in my lower back light up. Yes I felt it and saw it at the same time, as if whatever it was that had taken me was in my head, and I could see through its eyes. Well at that point I completely lost it, as much as a person being completely restrained can loose it. I started screaming again but all that came out was muffled moans. The thing that was touching me stopped. I heard it speak without actually hearing it, again I think it was in my head. It was seemingly annoyed by my lack of compliance, it said " ugh I can't stand this mewling." After that was said everything went black. I remember feeling myself being placed on my bed the same way I was taken. I also remember my dog (large breed italian mastiff) getting off the bed when I arrived because I felt her leave the bed and I heard her feet patting against the hard wood floor. My dog Ursa usually gets off the bed to make room for me, and then gets back on after I am settled. Im sorry for adding so much but these are the things I remembered, exactly how i remember them. After it was over for a long time, i though I had actually annoyed the creature by "mewling" so it sent me back. Now after much consideration I realize that it is more likely that it rendered me unconscious so I would not disturb it with my sounds. I know think about this daily. I will end with this, A few months ago (summer 2015) I was outside with my s/o at night I was looking at the sky and adjacent to my house, high in the sky there was a disk shaped object. Now here is the kicker, I feel like the object realized it was spotted by me and sped away. But not before going through a cloud and leaving a circular hole that lasted at least 30 seconds. I saw the object almost fully head on but mostly through the corner of my eye. If it hadn't been for the lingering hole in the clouds I would have thought it hadn't been there. But the cloud proved it for me. This creature does not want to be spotted or seen by me. I think it or they want me to think nothing is happening or that I am loosing my mind. However, I think this time they left evidence. I am pretty sure I have an implant I received this year just before I traveled. Anyway thank you to whoever reads this long and dragged out story. I'm just happy to get it off my chest. If you have any idea on how to get this implant removed please contact me
