{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-12 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500874","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58207","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4113,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/874/mufon-5500874.json","updb_database_id":5500874}
{rjl} 4 orange spheres observed at night over Geneva, Ohio

On Saturday July 12 2014 myself and two friends were camping at Geneva State Park Campground. While sitting around enjoying our campfire, I noticed an orange light moving in from the east above the treeline. The object made no noise, and the only reason I noticed it was chance. I was first struck by the silence of it - completely abnormal for any flying object I know of. It's straight and steady course was also curious. The object was in view for about 30-45 seconds at the end of which it's flight became erratic before it disappeared behind the horizon or treeline to the west. Myself and my friends thought it was extremely strange but dismissed it as a one-off strange light. 

However, approximately 20-30 minutes later, another object appeared following the same exact path east to west. It did not exhibit the same erratic behavior at the end of it's flight as the first object. By myself and my one friend, who is former US military, both walked out from our campsite to the campsite ring road to better see the object. We were most struck by it's complete silence and constant, non-wavering light. At this point we began to speculate as to what they may have been. A rocket or missile of some kind crossed my mind but there was no exhaust and absolutely no noise. A parachute flare being blown by the wind also crossed my mind but friend confirmed that it wouldn't be a constant light. The other thought I had was it resembled tracer fire from a heavy machine gun but it was too consistent in intensity and I seriously doubt we would see tracers being fired over an Ohio State Park. We watched the object as it proceeded to the west before disappearing behind the treeline or horizon. We returned to our campsite and wondered what the mysterious objects were. 

An additional 20-30 minutes later, we were astonished to see 2 objects flying in a line formation from south to north with a 2-3 second gap between them. I say 2-3 seconds because we were unable to determine with any accuracy the height or size of the objects. They were below the cloud cover however as the weather was partly cloudy. These 2 objects also proceeded at a steady and silent pace until they too disappeared from sight. All of the objects disappeared out of sight in the approximate direction of Lake Erie. 

The objects themselves were all the same, glowing orange spheres that silently moved through the air. Aside from the first one which exhibited erratic movement they all followed a straight line path. Also, during the entire period of the sighting of the objects we were able to hear a booming in the distance to south. I cannot speculate as to what it was but it was a deeper sound than fireworks. Artillery fire is the closest we could figure it to be but we can't say conclusively. 

After seeing the pair of objects we hoped to see additional ones to get on camera or video. However for the duration of our stay (until the 17th) we did not see any additional objects. I can provide a detailed sketch if that would be of assistance. 

Personally I have had an interest in aircraft my entire life and have seen more than a few strange things in the sky but have been able to explain them all. However, I can think of no object that could exhibit the characteristics of what we saw that night. My friend also confirmed that is his military experience he had never seen anything that behaved as these objects did. 

Feel free to contact me for additional details.
