{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-30 18:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480874","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79173","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2214,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/874/mufon-5480874.json","updb_database_id":5480874}
5 black discs flying close together, the objects were rotating whilst moving in the same direction and had a red flashing light.

I went outside in the back garden to have a cigarette. In the distance I could see 3 black objects approaching. At first I thought that they were birds. I kept watching and as they got closer I could see the objects rotating. I then thought that they might be helicopters however it is very unusual to see 3 helicopters flying that close together. As they got nearer I could see that they were black an disc shaped. At this point I shouted to my mother and auntie to come out and have a look. When my auntie came outside she saw the objects too and just then another 2 black discs came out of nowhere and followed close behind the rest. My mother then came outside and was watching the objects as well. They were all moving in the same direction (SE) but we're rotating as they moved in different directions. They all had a red light that appeared to flash however as the discs were rotating, the light may have been on constantly on one side and wasn't seen until the object rotated. The structure was a solid dull black discs with plated detail all around the edges, slight dome shape in the centre both top and bottom. Thicker in the middle and thinner towards the edges. When looking straight on the were oval disc shaped and when object was turned on its side looked more Diamond shaped. All 5 objects looked the same. As they travelled SE they were in formation. 4 side by side in a row and 1 followed behind. Like an 'L' shape. The 5 objects then disappeared into a cloud and we're never saw again.
