{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-04-01 08:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498874","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60285","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3694,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/874/mufon-5498874.json","updb_database_id":5498874}
{cak} ufo hovered directly over us for apx 30 min.& air force plain flue by it.

This happened when I was a freshman in high school. My brother and uncle were spending the weekend at grand parents house. At apx 8 AM on Sunday morning a neighbor called to tell us to go outside and see what was up in the sky. At this time of year most mornings there is broken low cloud cover traveling from S.E. TO N.W.clouds are moving at a fast clip. Directly overhead there is an object that is stationary and directly over us. Looking at the bottom of this object it is glowing an almost ultra-violent blue. However there was a black circle in the center which takes up apx 20-25% of the area. We watched this object for almost an hour and it did not move. We were about to go back inside when we heard a deep rumbling sound. Flying in from the south east toward the object was an U S air force AIRCRAFT. We could see it very clearly following the engine exhaust even though it was painter camouflage and flying thru the broken cloud cover. The plane ( I found out a couple of weeks ago was a Martin/General Dynamics RB-57F Canberra. These were converted B-57 Bombers, there were 21 built.) We were able to track the plane by the engine exhaust, this plane had the engines on each wing. This design is how I was able to identify the type. All other planes types had engines mounted inside of them. The jet flew by the object on the east side at apx 500 + ft. distance from object. The engines turn off when the plane was apx 300-500 ft distance came back on when the plane past. The plane circled and passed on the opposite side of object. Same thing happened with the engines. What was so noticeable is that it appeared that the engine cut off like a light switch, no sound and no exhaust until the plain was past and then turned on again. I did not know jets could do this. According to information about this plane some were stationed at Webb AFB Texas. The plane flew s-east and we could hear the engines increase speed. The object was near the broken cloud cover but did not move for at least one hour. We last saw it at apx 10 A M and it had moved away apx 3+ miles to the east side of town. We could then see that the top structure was bell shapes and bright like stainless steel. The sighting made the news and the next day the Air Force said it was a WEATHER BALLOON. Why would a balloon stay stationary near rapidly moving cloud cover for over an hour, and why would the Air Force send one of their most advanced aircraft to look at a balloon? And when we last saw it, it had traveled cross ways from the wind direction and had not seemed to have gained altitude. Something else I discovered, the object was apx 2-3 times the size of the aircraft. This made the object rather large. Compared to air plane size : RB-57F CANBERRA / CONVERTED B-57 BOMBER / 2 MAN COCK PIT CREW WING SPAN 122+ FT. / VERTICAL TAIL STABILIZER 19 FT. This plane was used because of the operational ceiling 65,000+ ft. Also I read that there were additional crew within the plane up to 7 additional crew as needed to operate equipment.
