{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-01-21 08:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455874","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105730","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2399,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/874/mufon-5455874.json","updb_database_id":5455874}
UFO over North Sea punched hole through blue sky

At 08:45 am on 21st January 2020 I was called to the back of the property I was working at, to look at an unidentified object in the eastern sky over the North Sea. The witness with me, pointed to the sky and asked me what I saw, and amazingly something was coming down fast with a chemical trail of 4 lanes coming from the back of the object. He handed me the binoculars he'd gotten from his garage, and asked me to look closer, and I was shocked to see a hole punched through the blue sky and 3 tissue like type white objects hanging in the sky, followed by a huge 4 lane type chemical trail going into what I can only describe as 1 burgundy smoke trail... coming out of a triangular object. We passed the binoculars back and forth to each other as the object looked to be coming down fast in the direction of the North Sea... off the coast of Peterhead to Aberdeen, Scotland. I attempted to see what the unidentified object leaving the chemical trail ws, but only could see a four lane white and 1 burgundy smoke trail coming out the back of something triangular... however, the object was engulfed in white smoke. The object continued its downward descent then went behind the morning cloud line. The hole punched into the blue sky took approximately 10 mins to dissipate. As did the 3 tissue like white objects, and the chemical trail. When I went back inside to get my coat on and leave my work there, the sky was clear again, with the cloud line in the distance and the sun was rising over the cloud line. I have no idea what I was seeing, but never have I seen a chemical trail like that or a hole punched in the blue sky... or ever a burgundy coloured type chemical trail coming out of any planes that fly over and around the town since I moved here in 1996,
