{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-05 23:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520874","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35530","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2248,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/874/mufon-5520874.json","updb_database_id":5520874}
A triangular object with an estimated 3 bright white lights that blinked off and on. Object hovered for a few seconds, then darted off to the left very quick, and then completely disappeared.

My friend and I were just leaving a friends house after the Super Bowl. We pulled out of his driveway, and that is exactly when him and I saw the light hovering over the woods about less than a mile away from us in the West. We started driving South, down the road, which intersects Reinmiller Road. Right when we reached the end of the road it darted off to the left extremely fast. We tracked it for just a few seconds before it disappeared. So then we thought maybe it was a helicopter, so we drove further down Reinmiller to see if there was any sight of it, but no, there wasnt any sight of it. It was gone. There were no lights in the sky. Then we thought it was maybe a airplane that had flown into cloud cover, but then we told each other that it was a clear night; just stars in the sky. Ive had one sighting similar to this, this past summer in July. I don't exactly like to talk about it, due to people never believing me. But what I saw last night was very interesting. It was weird how the object went to the left for about 10 seconds and then completely disappeared. We couldnt exactly tell what color it was, but noticed it was more triangular shaped and it had about 3 lights on it that blinked off and on. The lights were a bright, white color. This recent sighting was the most convincing of the 2 total sightings Ive had in Joplin. I always hope that someone else saw what I saw that night, because its very annoying when no one seems to believe you.
