{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-10-26 12:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547874","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"13828","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3115,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/874/mufon-5547874.json","updb_database_id":5547874}
UFO Sighting.

Sent: Wednesday, October 29, 2008 2:40 PM
To: hq@mufon.com
Subject: UFO Sight in Franklin TN 10-26-08



I tried submitting from your site but a problem exist with the state county field.



At approximately 12:40a.m. on October 26, 2008 (early Sunday morning) I was going out to get the dog when I noticed a large reddish orange light in the NE sky. I thought it was a "Harvest Moon: rising particularly covered by clouds. But when I looked closer I realized that's not what it was at all. It was a slightly cone shaped fire ball that would grow in intensity as the object would move rapidly either to the right or straight up.



At first it was drifting to the left then would move rapidly back to the right to it's original position. It did that several times over about a 2 - 3 minute time span. I yelled for my wife to come out but she couldn't hear me so I ran into the house to get her hoping the object would still be there once we returned, and it was. She was amazed. We continued to observe the light object for an additional 5 minutes or so. During that time and on one occasion it shot dramatically in an upward and to the right. Another time it shot straight up to about three times higher then the original position. Each time it would make those really fast movements the reddish orange glow would intensify. After the one time it shot straight up, it slowly and erratically worked itself back to the original position and then pretty quickly just faded away. Not as it were leaving but just faded away.



I called the Williamson County Sherriff department as well as the Franklin Review Appeal newspaper to see if anyone else had seen or reported this. From our position it seemed to be about 5 - 7 mile away, above the tree line and was about the size if 1/5 the size of a full moon. It was fairly large. I would have thought more people would have seen it but we were told by the authorities and the newspaper that no one else had reported seeing anything like that.



Iʼm 54 years old and an owner of a financial institution marketing company and not know to be a weird or crazy person who sees strange things. This sighting was a plane as the nose on my face. There was no mistaking this light was moving around like something I have never seen before. With plenty of time to watch it I tried to discount it has a hot air balloon or something like that but the movements explained that away quickly. Iʼm only glad my wife was able to see it and backup my story.
