{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-15 21:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514874","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43312","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2311,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/874/mufon-5514874.json","updb_database_id":5514874}
(GS) One small light over ocean ascended then, turned into 3 bright lights. Started strobbing back and forth, then went over top of resort.

I went out on the balcony to smoke. My family was alreay on the balcony. I noticed a small light over the ocean. It was ascending and I asked everyone if they noticed it? I was not sure of what I was seeing until the one light turned into three big bright lights. Then the object light up in blue and g reen and started strobbing back and forth, a couple of times. The lights reminded me of the lights on top of a police car. After the light show, it went back to three big lights and started moving inland. It came straight over the resort tower I was in. The object was square, and as big as a house with no roof (flat on top). As the object crossed the tower, I was not sure if it was going to clear the building. I leaned over the balcony and got a great view of the object. It had 5 big lights on the bottom, 1 on each corner and 1 in the center. The center light had a light inside of it that moved in no sequence. It was a dull-gray metal underneath and made no sound at all as it went over the building. My wife and I ran to the front of the building to look for the object and it was no where to be found. There was 4 of us that saw it, but I got the best view and observation of the object. It was the most wonderful thing I have ever seen and I don't know what it was or where it went. I just wonder how something like a big square object could fly, I was amazed and shocked at what I saw!!! It is something I will never forget in my life. What a mystery???!!!! Please let me know if anyone else observed this sighting. Thank you for listening to my story.
