{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-06-01 16:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492874","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66650","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4071,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/874/mufon-5492874.json","updb_database_id":5492874}
{cak} came upon a hovering craft. decided to run away. angry dog appeared and blocked our path. ran underneath craft. thought we made it home without incident. missing 3 hours with personal injury.

My best friend and I were doing our everyday after school hobby of collecting old beer cans for our collections. The year was 1976. The place was a field in Crawford's woods which is a park near our home. We got there about 3:30pm and started searching for cans in the woods. We walked into an open field with a few large trees scattered about that had heavy weed growth around them. We decided to enter the growth of one of the trees to search for cans. We each found a couple and walked out of the growth back into the open field when we immediately noticed an alien craft hovering above a tree in front of us. We immediately realize that this is a craft not known to man. It was dark gray in color and had all kinds of components attached to the exterior. It didn't make a sound. It just hovered over head. We were extremely frightened by this because we knew that we were seeing something that we weren't supposed to see. We had a quick conversation about how to get away and we quickly decided to run away in the oevknow e direction which was in the wrong direction home. When we turned to run we were stopped in our tracks by a huge german sheppard pacing back and forth growling and baring his teeth at us. We had never seen this dog before and it was as if it had just appeared out of nowhere. We turned back towards the craft and it was still there. I decided that I would take my chances and run for home directly underneath this craft. I ran faster than I had ever ran in my life, looking back only once to make sure that my best friend had followed me. He made it underneath the craft as well and was about 30-40 yards behind me. Satisfied that we had gotten away we headed home to tell our parents what had happened. I came home extremely upset and told my parents what had happened. They immediately made fun of the situation and told me that we had most likely seen a weather balloon and scolded me for missing our 6:00 pm dinner time. This confused me because we had this experience at 3:30 pm and it only lasted what we believed to be a matter of a few minutes. I went to my room and looked at my clock and it was 7:30 pm. I called my friend on the phone and found out that he had the same experience at arriving home as I did. His parents dismissed his story and grounded him for being late for dinner. We then realized that we were missing time. We had no memory of an abduction. The next day we were at the swimming pool when my friend wanted to know if I had any strange injuries from yesterdays events. I told him no. He then exposed his private area to me by slightly pulling his trunks down in front. I saw what appeared to be a second degree burn in the shape of a perfect circle around his groin area, thighs and lower abdomen. He said "they did this to me", "what did they do to you?" I confessed at that point that I had a spot on the tip of my penis that looked like a blood blister. At that point we decided to never tell anyone about this entire experience fearing that we would be called crazy or that we would be made fun of. We never spoke of this again until about six months before his untimely death at the young age of 21. I have been left alone with this memory for the rest of my life knowing that I know something that the rest of us don't know
