{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-05 21:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502874","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56110","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4830,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/874/mufon-5502874.json","updb_database_id":5502874}
{nd} Hovering Extremely Bright Blue Orb, 5 times size of Jupiter (Also Visible), fly's zig zag course, returns, hovers, then disappears.

I was letting my dog out of my back door for his nightly constitutional, which faces west, when I noticed an EXTREMELY bright blue orb hovering above the tree tops and houses to the Southwest of my position.

The orb was between 15 to 20 degrees in elevation from the ground, and was at least 5 to 6 times or more the apparent size of Jupiter, or the around size of a pea held at arms length.
I was viewing it above the tops of houses and between two large trees without foliage, which are located on a street directly behind my home. The night was unusually clear and cool, and the crescent moon and Jupiter were clearly visible at roughly 40 degrees of elevation. The sun had just set below the horizon 15 to 20 minutes or more before, and there was still a faint orange/purple glow visible from the sunset on the horizon, but stars were also visible along with the crescent moon and Jupiter.

The orb itself was extremely bright by any lighting standards, and colored an beautiful blue color like the color of an absolutely clear blue sky during daylight hours, only a slightly darker shade.

When I first spotted the orb, it was hovering stationary in the sky. I immediately called my 20 year old daughter to the back door to verify the sighting for me, and also to verify the color of the craft, which she did.
The craft, which I had no doubt it absolutely was a craft of some type, then flew slowly in a Northerly direction for 5 to 10 miles at about a small aircrafts speed, then immediately reversed direction without stopping and backtracked it's own course to arrive at it's exact starting point, stopped, and again hovered. The craft then ascended downward in a zigzag course in less that three seconds, stopped, rose vertically to it's starting point in less that 2 seconds, then stopped and hovered.
All during the crafts hovering and maneuvering, the craft wobbled very slightly, for lack of a better term, even when it was stationary, and it never varied in brightness.
I then ran into my house to retrieve my video camera, which was coincidentally on the floor next to the back door (I had to take it out the battery's needed to be charged for an upcoming trip), and then I ran back out the door, turned on my camera, and started filming. Unfortunately, the camera's autofocus was on, and the camera would not focus on the object, so I took my eyes away from the still hovering orb to shut off the autofocus.
By the time I looked back up, a matter of 1 to 2 seconds, the orb had disappeared.

There were also other aircraft in the air that night, but they were flying extremely high or distant from my position, and there may have been some other small aircraft or helicopter flying from South to North during that time as well.

About 5 minutes later, while I was online at the MUFON web site filling out a sighting report, the power supply on my tower computer, which is near my back door, started smoking and smelling bad, and my computer completely died. The power supply's main inductor had completely melted inside the shielded enclosure on the circuit board, without blowing any fuses or tripping my expensive power strips circuit breaker or surge protector. I meticulously maintain my computers, being an electrical technician, and when I took the power supply apart to inspect what had burned out and why, I could find no explanation for the electrical malfunction.

The night before (Sunday May 4th) I witnessed a large completely red orb with a blue/white strobe at it's tail end fly from South to North on the same flight path that the blue orb had flown, but this one flew further north, and sort of like a helicopter would. It then came to a dead stop, shut off the blue/white strobe light, and ascended straight up into the air so high it disappeared into the starry background. The orb's speed was like watching an elevator go straight up into space.
This is the second time I have spotted a red colored craft ascend in such a manner in my area, the first time being MUCH closer to my position, but never ever a blue colored orb, especially one so large.
