{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-11-25 06:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456874","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"104710","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4706,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/874/mufon-5456874.json","updb_database_id":5456874}
{tjd} trail of bright lights moving in 'messy' order

I was taking my dog out to relieve himself just before 6 AM in the morning. It had been raining off and on all night but the sky was completely clear at the time I went out and still completely dark but for stars. No fog, no clouds anywhere and bright stars filled the sky, as we live in very rural Oregon (about 12 miles south of Myrtle Point, under Coquille.)
While waiting for my dog, I looked at the stars, noting Leo up ahead and then turned to look at the Big Dipper. 
It looked like the stars were moving in opposite directions, like the sky was tearing apart. It made me feel dizzy till I realized that what I was seeing was a trail of ‘stars’ all bright and same magnitude traveling NE. It was not a straight line of equidistant lights as is shown on the internet video shared. Most were one at a time but there were 2 and even three alongside and moving at varying speeds. There were periods where there were none to see. They moved not slowly, but at a measured pace compared to the video. Nothing like a shooting star or anything organic. 

They seemed to be originating from the base of the twins, not at the horizon. This spot was about 1/3rd of the way down from the zenith at the time. They would softly but quickly ‘form up’ and then follow the trail. 

At this point, I ran in to tell my mate,[name redacted; TRB] and he came out. He figured it had to be the satellites just released at first, as he’s been following the launch, but as he watched he wasn’t so sure.
We watched their point of origin and agreed that it was the same spot. He wondered if satellites could be ‘dropped down’ suddenly into lower orbit so they might seem to appear suddenly? I argued that in a mini second they were full sized, brightly lit, and stayed that size the rest of the way until they disappeared behind the treeline and just beneath the up ended dipper ‘cup’. The point where they appeared was at an angle to us so it seems we should have seen a bright trail above them as each dove down.
One set of 2 started at the same time from that point, and as we watched, gained form and moved apart, heading down the ‘trail at different speeds. We saw a clot of 3 moving almost abreast but at different speeds.
Terry also noted that right before they moved behind the trees they seemed to be turning slightly. When I looked, it seemed to me that he was right. It wasn’t a sharp turn but a slow curve. 
We watched till they were gone, maybe about 10 minutes from the time I first noticed them. Ter estimated that we saw about 30 while he was outside, I think the overall number might have been that much but maybe there were more. 

After the last batch disappeared behind the trees, we watched the sky for a few minutes more. I caught a small flash in between the area they appeared and the point where we lost them. It was tiny and prismatic, colorful, not white. Then Terry noticed one in the same general area and I looked again to see a third small colorful one. Terry says the middle flash I didn’t see was very large and opaque white- no colors. 
I’ve seen 2 ‘sky-flashes’ on this property in the recent past that I couldn’t explain. A friend of ours who was visiting has seen one. They were bright, large and white. The 2 small ones I saw this morning were like tiny round exploding kalidescope images, very different.
Terry remembers seeing these flashes between the last ‘groups’ of lights. I remember the flashes as showing up after the lights had passed. Outside of that, we recall them the same. There were no moving lights in the sky near the flashes when they ocurred, in any case. 
The lights themselves were uniform white, no sparkle, no colors. They seemed larger then the stars behind them.
We live midway between Myrtle Point Oregon and Powers Oregon in a mountain/foothills/ ranchland area. We see air traffic mostly to and from Portland Oregon. There is almost no light pollution in our area.
