{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-28 03:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490874","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68702","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2669,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/874/mufon-5490874.json","updb_database_id":5490874}
Views 4 objects fly from S to North, short time period then north to south. Then repeated once again

I was outside of my house having a smoke with a cousin, when I noticed an odd light from the corner of my eye. We watched as it flew from the southern part of our town, to farther than the eye can see north, beyond the tree line. As we witness this add object fly, it was dipping and seeming like it was dropping hundreds of feet in a moment, then it would turn and abruptly be back up and back on course as if it never fell, it would swerve from side to side and change path going from East to west while continuing to head North. 5-6 shooting stars were seen during this time, and shortly after. Two-Three minutes after, we saw a similar object, coming from the Northern part of our sight going south, except this time it was on east side of town. Similar Characteristics as the first time. Me and my cousin watched as they flew by silently, and traceless. We went inside for a few minutes to get more smokes, when we went outside, we shortly after saw the exact same thing once again. Coming from the south side of town, on the West side, going North, then Returning from the North, on the East side of town. I noticed the object because of the flashing lights on it, and its UN-normal flying pattern. We were not sure what we were witnessing at first, if it was military or not, (are area does NOT have a base near it, and very rarely see any form of military AIRCRAFT passing over town, and if we do, its big, loud, leaves some trails; and during the day) we know its not a commercial air line, because of the flight trajectory wouldn't make sense, and those passengers wouldn't be very happy being tossed around side to side, and dropping hundreds of feet suddenly then quickly raised higher than initially. We were kinda shocked about what we saw, but were kinda accepting of what we saw, this isn't our first sightings in this area. Fraserdale highway has lots of sightings. We always lost sight of the object due to it going out of our sight vision (going to far)
