{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-05 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513874","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44380","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5610,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/874/mufon-5513874.json","updb_database_id":5513874}
{cak} Observed a fleet-like group of ufos.

I arrived at my apartment on December 5th, 2012 at approx. nine oclock from the grocery store. After unloading my items, I took my dog outside to do her business in the back of my apartment bldg. I immediately noticed how clear it was outside and how vibrant and white the stars looked. 

After being outside for a few minutes, I started walking back toward the breezeway to my bldg (approx 25 yds) with my dog and was admiring a group of stars including Orions Belt and what appeared to be the North Star, due to the brightness of the star. As I gazed to my left I noticed two stars that were about the length of my index finger apart when I held it up to measure the distance. The area between the two stars got blurry for a moment, almost like it was being cloaked, and I just thought that my eyes were failing me since I did not have my glasses on. 

A moment later there were roughly fifteen new objects between the stars traveling to my right toward the group of stars mentioned above. The objects appeared to be small and round with an orangish tint. The round appearance was probably due to the distance that I was viewing them.

After a brief pause to gather myself, I started briskly walking in the direction that the objects were traveling tugging my dog trying to get my phone out of my pocket to call my girlfriend and tell her to come downstairs so I would not be witnessing this alone. 

I walked parallel half the distance of the width of my bldg (approx 50 yds)
trying to keep up with the objects but they were traveling very quickly. 

The objects although were not in any formation, they were definitely traveling together in a fairly straight line. Twice during my observation, the objects would separate and some would fly wider and then they would fly back in a loose formation. At first when I witnessed this, I thought it may be a flock of birds flying, but as my observation furthered, it was apparent that these objects were creating their own light source, and were definitely not birds. 

As the objects flew directly away from where I was standing, to the right of the position of Orions Belt, I lost sight of them. A few seconds later, what appeared to be a shooting star, fell straight down from where I observed the objects disappear into the night. Right after that happened, another object, much brighter than the other ones, shot across the sky from left to right almost directly under the the belt toward the area where I lost the other objects. I did not notice any other movement while I was observing the other objects. This object moved a lot faster than the others, but appeared to be much lower, due to the size and brightness, so I am not sure if it couldve been the reason. It did look more white than the other objects. If it had not moved straight across the sky I would have been sure it was another shooting star, but to my knowledge, shooting stars do not travel across the sky.

I stood in shock at what I had just seen with the only witness being Ellynor, my english bulldog. I have been an ufo enthusiast since I was a child, hoping to one day have an experience like the one that happened last night. I can honestly say that I never in a million years would have thought that would have the mental reaction that I did. I stood outside for a few minutes trying to make sense of what it was that I had witnessed, and convincing myself that I was not crazy. 

I now know why people do not come froward about ufo/alien encounters of higher kinds than I, and I sympathize for them. For years I have watched show after show about people who waited to come forward, and want to remain anonymous, and I imagined myself telling everyone that I knew and sharing it with anyone that would listen. I told one person other than my girlfriend. 

I felt that an encounter was a gift that not everyone gets the privilege to have, but its totally different when it happens to you. I felt almost child-like trying to figure out something new.

As fore-mentioned, I have probably watched over a thousand hours of ufo documentaries and youtube videos and what not, and I have done an awful lot of research on the subject, and I can honestly say that I have tried to debunk every possible scenario and explanation of what I witnessed last night and I have no answers other than the obvious.

I see airplanes in the sky all the time because there are two airports within 20 minutes of my house. These objects covered space in seconds that the conventional aircraft that Im used to seeing covers in five minutes. They also did not have any of the signal lights that normal aircraft does either.

I hope my testimony gives insight and furthers the movement to prove to the world that we are not alone. I am just a normal everyday joe who witnessed something remarkable, and I just wanted to be able to tell my story to peers with open-minds.

Thank you for your time and patience in this matter!

Sincerely,

Sunny Tyler
