{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-07 08:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527874","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27735","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3505,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/874/mufon-5527874.json","updb_database_id":5527874}
Huge Black triangle

I've seen strange triangle crafts before, while camping in the Seqouia's. So, when I saw the same type of triangle craft right over my house this past Monday, I was excited! It was around eightish at night and I was getting ready to get inside and put the dogs in. My wife was causally watching t.v. inside the house as usual. I like to stay outside and watch the stars on a daily basis, almost like a hobby. Reason being is, because in the past I've seen many odd unkown objects in the sky and always wanted to know more. So, on this evening I was recalling upon my expierence when I was camping with my family at Kern River. At Kern River is where I first expierenced the Triangles.

Anyways, back to my house as I was standing up watching the stars I was thinking to myself. Man, would be great to see those traingle crafts again!! I was thinking I might never get to see them again, but at least I got to see them once. As, I walked to my door to go in I looked up one more time just in case. Right, then and there I saw it Again!!!! I was really excited and really looked at the triangle craft as best and as long as I could. The traingle craft was really low to ground and was completly silent. The craft was about as high up in the sky as a typical airplane would be flying. As, I was looking at the craft I yelled out to my wife. Come outside, Come outside it's here.... Loook!!! My wife, was scared and decided not to get up because she didn't want to freak out. I ran to front of my house and followed it in the sky for as long as I could, I have a neighbor who's also open to U.F.O.'s. I screamed to her and said look up there here, see!! She was preoccupied at the time because she was on the phone and ended up missing it. The Triangle craft was very large, to me it seems like a mothership type or commander type craft, because of it's size. I would say it's as large as football field or bigger. The size was so big I knew it wasn't from this world. The thing about these crafts is there also, nearly invisible. It's like the craft has a invisible cloaking device. It looked like a solid triangle object but, at the same time you could see through it. On both end tips of the triangle craft there was bright red flashing light's. The light's seemed to have a sequence to it, an example would be the red lights flickered in a wierd pattern, then switched back to a simple on/off mode. As, i was still standing in the middle of the street with my neighbor the craft vanished into the dark sky headed towards Palos Verdes, Ca. This was a exciting night hope it helps out and thanks for reading!
I computerized a triangle craft so everyone can get a feel of the real deal.
