{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529018","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26521","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3027,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/018/mufon-5529018.json","updb_database_id":5529018}
5 or 6 ufo's like little bright lights, linked up but not together, moving very slow.

This is the most spectacular event I've ever heard of, it should've been seen by most of the DC area but I never heard anything from the media. This was my second sighting, the first being in the 60s with my uncle and cousin. I was working outside this time. It was a beautiful fall afternoon with no clouds or wind. Perfect for them in their process to tell us something. I was working for a construction co., driving around outside the district, maintaining heavy equipment and refueling it. We got to the GE headquarters job site got out and as I refueled something I looked up, I'm very observant, and there they were, plain as day. They were abreast but not touching and they were writing in the sky!! They were moving slowly, too slow for anything to be doing what they were doing. They were linked up it seemed to act as one. They pivoted in perfect unison as we did as sailor recruits, marching and turning, the inside guy goes slower etc. About every 30 seconds, they would again with total precision, put out a puff of smoke or something that stayed right where they put them to form letters, they had about 4 letters done and still going, it must've taken them half an hour to get to where I came in.It was totally obvious and appeared to be made to face the center of the district, i'd guess close to a mile up and a mile or so away, giant letters made of dots, hanging in the area. No human made objects could have ever done it. It seemed like I was seeing it from behind and it was angled towards the district from my view. I could make out the letters but not the word, it was backwards or they were spelling in reverse order. I watched for the time we were at that site, about 15 to 20 minutes, then my coworker/boss wanted to split. He knew what I was seeing but didn't want to look, I think he was worried about ridicule or something. Even as we were pulling away I could still see it through the bare trees. Millions had to have seen it. My girlfriend says they decide who can see them but I don't really buy that. My coworker said he saw "something" but he wasn't sure what. Even out the corner of his eyes he saw something, it was that big and obvious. I realize of course that our govt. would never dream of hiding anything from the public and I'm sure they know nothing about the 2 fighters pursuing the first one I saw.
