{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-14 18:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493018","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66503","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5180,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/018/mufon-5493018.json","updb_database_id":5493018}
{cak} Large White Ball Checks out Weather Balloon

I was at my parent1s house visiting and was hanging out in the backyard when suddenly I noticed up in the sky towards the east and about 500-600 ft. up, a very sparkly, shiny object flipping around in the breeze. I could not make out what it was, but it appeared to be elongated and had colorful blinking lights. I then noticed directly above my head floating at a higher altitude, another one, also blinking. Both objects did not appear to be going anywhere - other than just sitting up in the sky flipping around.

I called to my mother to come outside and see it, but she was hesitant because she had stuff on the stove; so I had to physically lead her out to see the shiny objects. After a few minutes of watching, snapping photos and video from my phone, and still not being able to ascertain exactly what the objects were, I asked my mom if I could use her bird-watching binoculars to better make out the shape and to see what was causing all of the flickering and reflective light bouncing off of it.

I looked at the object through the binoculars, and could easily make out that it was some kind of fancy, high tech, weather balloon! It had an odd shaped balloon like shape on the top and what looked like a yellow or white light attached to the very top of the balloon part. The balloon was very shiny and reflective and appeared silver with an orange-ish shine to it. It also had a long line hanging from it that fishtailed in the breeze. Attached to that, was a shiny canister or cylinder shaped object. The cylinder reminded me of a giant silver coffee can with its label stripped off of it. The cylinder also had red and blue blinking lights on it. 

My mom went in to finish dinner and I decided to go to the front yard where my dad was working to show it to him. I lost track of the other balloon over head, but spotted the lower altitude one, which had drifted slightly more east and a bit higher. My dad and I watched it for a few minutes discussing it (we used to launch homemade hot air balloons in a nearby park many, many years ago). 

Then, as I was viewing the balloon through the binoculars and my dad was just watching it with his eyes 1 he had his glasses on, I suddenly saw a very bright white ball approaching it from behind, coming up fast. The bright ball approached not in a straight line, but in a very slight 1S1 curve. Then it slowed down, appearing to keep a respectful distance from the balloon, then flew half way around the balloon and slowed down again hovering next to it. As this was happening, I hear my dad say; 1I1m having trouble figuring out which one to look at, but one of them is flying around the other kind of sporadically- it keeps moving!1. I say to my dad, while looking through the binoculars; 1no, one is the balloon, and that is a ball of light flying around it! Are you seeing what I1m seeing?!1 (The white ball of light was moving around the balloon in a way that reminded me of the way a humming bird hovers when it1s checking out flowers!) My dad then replied; 1Yes, I see it!1 I lowered the binoculars and tried to hand them to my dad, but he said he could see both objects just fine without the binoculars!

I looked back up at the objects through the binoculars to re-focus on the balloon and ball of light, but as I did, the ball of light took off over the direction of our heads - and the balloon was still rising and getting harder to see. Just then, my mother called us in for dinner, so we both returned to the house. As we were walking in I said to my dad: 1What do you think that ball of light was that was flying around the balloon?1 He replied; 1I don1t know, but it sure seemed 1other worldly1 and it seemed to be checking it out (the balloon) just like we were!1

Of course, I didn1t get pictures or video of the white ball of light; I just never expected to see anything other than a balloon! (I have video and pictures of the balloon only, but instead, included a sketch with this report illustrating what we saw when the white ball appeared).

In conclusion, my dad and I were commenting later that if someone had seen those giant weather or meteorology balloons with the blue and red blinking lights at night time, and with the light on top, they would have perhaps thought that they were seeing UFOs! But in any case, we cannot explain the white ball of light that seemed to be checking out the weather balloon along with us!
