{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-23 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526018","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29693","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3105,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/018/mufon-5526018.json","updb_database_id":5526018}
Single flshing white light in sky, turned into 3 Flashing white lights in the sky.

Date: 23June2011

Time 2210 -2225

Place: Intersection of HWY 79 and HI 35, and southward travel (on my way to work ).

Event: As I turned onto the southbound feeder road I observed a white blinking light in the sky. It pulsed rapidly 4 times, then a short pause, then pulsed 4 times again it was this blinking that drew my attention to the lights. It seemed to be in the Flight Path for ABIA but the strange pattern of the flashing made me want to check and see if it was. After merging onto HI 35 Southbound I looked for the light again, I located it and observed it was traveling on a SSW course and I expected it to turn as does all Air Traffic but the lights did not follow the Air Traffic pattern but instead continued SSW. At this time I was driving under HWY 45 (Toll), after passing under the overpass I noted the position angle from me to the lights at position angle 3. Again I noted that the lights flashed in a burst of 4, no other colored lights ever showed during my entire observation of this 1object1. At approximately 2220 I observed the lights change from a single flashing light to three flashing lights. They would start on the left pulse 4 times, then the 1original1 lights (center ones) would flash 4 times, then there would be 4 pulses on the right. The distance between the 3 lights appeared to be from wing tip to wing tip of a commercial airliner that I frequently observe on the flight path to ABIA. At approximately 2225 I lost track of the lights as they faded into the distance / I prepared to exit the Hwy. 

Being a trained observer (OS1, trained the Lookouts aboard ship / Sea Combat Air Controller, controlled various aircraft while they preformed their missions.)I watch the Air Traffic in the area... and wish I was controlling aircraft again. When I first observed the single flashing light I thought it may be a helicopter or a plane making an approach to ABIA. When I looked again it had not made the turn that Air Traffic does during their approach to the Airport nor did I observe any other colored lights. When the other white lights began flashing I had the impression that they ran in a single line across the back of something in the air. To me they seemed to be 1tail lights1, for lack of a better description. 

I have never observed lights of this nature before and I am left wondering just what I observed flying in a SSW direction over Austin, Texas on this night.
