{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489018","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70615","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2720,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/018/mufon-5489018.json","updb_database_id":5489018}
{cak} It seemed like it was being chased or searched for.

I was sitting on the front porch with my wife, it was near dusk, and we had been watching for deer. We heard what sounded like a helicopter flying below the ridge line of the mountain behind us to from the south end to the north end. This concerned me because I could not see the helicopter, but I could hear it and it was moving pretty quick and low. My wife went inside, I then walked out into the front yard and heard a roaring noise coming towards me from the west. I did not hear the sound until it was almost directly over me. It passed directly over my head at a speed I would guess to be around 3-5 mph. I was shocked by what I was seeing but I kept my head and never took my eyes off of it until it was gone, I will admit I was a little scared. 

The object had a green light in the front and blue and white lights in the rear. I would estimate it to have been about 100 feet long. The front was very narrow and grew in width with a wingspan I would guess was around 75 feet. I would not really call them wings; it is hard to describe but I could draw them. The object was gone as quick as it came, and I lost sight as it continued to travel from west to east. The trees were bare, and it just seemed to follow the treetops down the side of the mountain until I lost sight of it. After it was gone, I was afraid I had seen something I shouldn't have. having had worked for a defense contractor I had a lot of exposure to military aircraft, and I surely could not think of any planes that could fly that low and slow being as big as it was. I was afraid to say anything, I knew I had just seen something that changed my life, the way I thought about things, and I even stopped going to church. I still have not told anyone what I saw including my wife and I probably never will. I think about this event almost every day. I see military aircraft in my area a couple times a week but nothing like this object. At the time I held a government clearance and was afraid to say anything. I no longer hold any clearance and felt like I needed to get this off my chest.
