{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-11-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523018","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32976","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3488,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/018/mufon-5523018.json","updb_database_id":5523018}
Was thanksgiving day driving back from dads house with roomate

Me and my friend (ex-roomate) met up on thanksgiving with the rest of the family. We had dinner at Dads house in Clarinda, IA. We were on the interstate heading home when my friend Mike asked me if I saw that. I said what are you talking about and he pointed up into the sky. I spotted what he saw which is what I would describe as a bright pure white circular object or orb. It was a white with no discernable shape or markings simply looked round. I began to run through a list of explanations of what this could be. I came to the conclusion it was one of those airplanes covered in shiny aluminum/reflective paintjob until it shot up into the sun. This is when we both realized it couldnt be a shiny surface as the object was brighter white than the sun. At the time the sun was pretty orange and I know a reflection cant be brighter and more intense than its source. The object changed direction several times and shot out of sight in the direction we were travelling (west). We were both pretty shaken and it was obvious this was no ordinary aircraft just based on the sheer brightness of the object and the way it moved. It was changing directions and moving rapidly in the sky. We were both pretty freaked out about the whole ordeal and Mike looked over at me and said "Im not getting anal probed". I found it funny but he was very serious. we were both a little nervous about the whole thing. I told him to keep his eyes peeled and Id do the same. In one or two minutes it appeared back in sight again as quickly as it had disappeared. It again moved erraticly unlike any aircraft Id ever seen. We watched it for several minutes before it shot out of sight west. We had never reported the sighting mainly because anytime we brought it up people look at us like we are crazy. Mike at this point gets really uncomfortable anytime I bring it up but I feel like I should tell someone. I just saw a show on TV where your orginization were doing investigations on sightings and the part where it encourages people to come forward really rang in my head. I do want to note that in Omaha where the object appeared to be around/over is the home of SAC (Strategic Air Command). We both feel it is possible this could be a secret military aircraft unlike anything weve ever seen. Mike seems to feel more comfortable with this explanation but Im still not sure what this was. I feel documenting this is important and necessary but unfortunately Im not able to provide many of the specific details of time and place. It was on thanksgiving day and was several years ago so as for exact date and time I couldnt say but I am sure it was on thanksgiving. I will try to get in touch with Mike and verify the date and time to see if he remembers and will follow up with you if we can come to an agreement on that. I hope this is helpful in any way.
