{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502018","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57008","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2537,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/018/mufon-5502018.json","updb_database_id":5502018}
{cak] we were in our tent and could see out the top. It was a very clear evenin and the orange objecy moved above the tree's

My fiance and i have been camping on Wesley island for the past three years. We always go around memorial day week end. We camp in tents. The past two trips I have seen this orange object at night but at a great distance over the st. Lawrence river. The first time, two years ago it blinked out and appeared in different parts of the sky. Then it appeared to fly north toward Canada and when it disappeared i saw a large flash of white light. 

Last year we went with some friends to the same camp site and saw the object again, It was traveling the same direction east to west on the Canadian border The same orange color again. Far away but the color was distinct in the very clear sky. Both sightings were after 11 pm.
May 31 2014 my fiancee and I were at the same camp sight on the Laurence river and we had just started to lay down on our cots in our tent. It was around 12-1 am. It was a beautiful night and you could see out the top of the ten. there were large breaks in the tree's and the stars and night sky were visible to us. Like the moon roof of a car. My fiance was reading and she calmly said" you are not going to believe this. It is back." I looked up and through a large break in the tree's I saw the round orange object slowly moving over us above the tree's. It was very clear and much bigger than I had seen in the past. A beautiful orange color. No sound. No pulsating. The size of a golf ball. It moved west to east directly over our camp site and I watched it for forty seconds through some breaks in the tree's.
we were both stunned but not uncomfortable. I have seen this twice before and similar dates in the exact same campsite. This time though I had a very good luck and all i can say is that it was a round orange object. Much bigger and much clearer than my previous encounters.
