{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-06-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463018","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97938","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2765,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/018/mufon-5463018.json","updb_database_id":5463018}
I SAW a red orb outside mu

In about year 2000 at 24.00 pm i went to bed. When i Lied in bed i could see my Windows and suddenlig i SAW a red orb coming from up to the middle of the Windows very skowley. then IT stopped. I stand up and was in shock. I never seen anything like this before. I was so curriose that i forgot about anything Else.. just wanted to see IT close..i went to the Window and this red orb IT was in front of my eyes in about 10 cm from me. IT was a quite and beautifull night. That was increddible because i felt that this think was watching me and IT was alive.. strange...IT was kind of watching me...and i was watching in about 3 min without IT moves at all.. i was not moving either.. the red orb was incredible to see because IT was pulsating inside not changing shape and IT was moving inside like plasma..strange..amasing..IT was very red and Maybe a bit light arround..that was the first time i tolked to myself alone 1what are you? I tried to not miss IT from my eyes and slowley after about 3 min watching IT with no movements i try to open the window..and suddenly IT disapeared with the spead of light..i jupted and then i got scarred..i never see IT again but the day after i got very ill so ill that i was in my bed in about one year and i couldt go to wc without help.. i got suddenly very ill the next evening.. i just listen in my head click like a maskin and the strange is i could hear this inside my head and suddenlig i got veery dizzy and very sick. I would vomit all the time and dizziness and everything remained for almost a year non stop. I did not tolerate light .. I had tremendous headaches as well as for one year .. very bad..that I was so incredibly beautiful but do not want to see it again if I get sick. Beside this i can say that my french teacher from school came one day and told us he SAW a huge ufo early in the morning over HIS block and he was so facinated that he tolked only about this..another teacher fron my school Thats a friend of my mother said that one day about 12.00 am all the kids and teachers SAW a ufo over the school in a beautifull sunny day.. i dont feel much energi later and IT can be because of what i SAW...
