{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-14 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484018","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75826","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2447,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/018/mufon-5484018.json","updb_database_id":5484018}
{cak} Was star like orb that was flashing, changing lights and colors. it disappeared and then reappeared then traveled. the encounter was over an hour.

Was around 10 pm at my house when I went on my back deck and noticed what I thought at the time was a star to the south west in the distance right above the tree line. It caught my attention because it was pretty bright for a star and it was flickering pretty rapidly between white, blue, red, and green. I figured it was just a star or planet. About a half hour I went back out and saw it was in the same spot decided to see if I could find out what it was with my sky view app that shows everything in the sky but no planets were there and went back inside. I had my dad come out and look at it but he didn't think anything of it. later I went back out after 11 pm and it was gone. I didn't know what to think and went back in and after 20 minutes I decided put on my shoes and decided to walk to the my back yard on top of a hill. I was looking where were it was before for a couple of minutes and then suddenly it reappeared in the same spot like it was. It then turned to a white light and started moving west and the light transformed into a red blinking light, then a clear flashing light. it then changed direction and went north turning back into a white ball of light. while traveling north along the hill line it stopped for a moment, then continued to travel north until it was out of sight. I lost sight of it around 11:45 pm. I would say it was only a couple of miles away from me at first until it started moving. I live right by a small airport so I've seen a lot of planes in this area and this was no plane. I contacted a friend who lives about ten miles away to see if he noticed anything in the sky also and he said he saw the same thing moving around 9:45 pm while driving home.
