{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1980-01-05 01:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503018","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55954","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3070,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/018/mufon-5503018.json","updb_database_id":5503018}
{kt}This gray disc shape could hold 21 747 airplanes, it flew east to west, core of the craft white energy,flew above 2 feet above trees and houses, telepathy with the beings, lost twenty minutes, my dog nose was bleeding died of lymph cancer 9 months l

1. I woke up on January 5,1980, approximately 12:45 am, let my dog out to go the bathroom, when I went out I saw the object east of me at the other hill, illuminating white and 5 square windows, seeing bright yellow. Once I saw the object, I flick the lamppost lights to get my dog by me, then I saw a human like being shut the lights in the middle window, inside and out , which flew towards me in a minute, my dog was still out. A strong current,stronger than a electrical, paralyzed me, my dog was outside still,lost sense of time for 20 minutes and sweating allot that time and all week.My dog nose bleed, and died September of lymph cancer.This took place in Paterson, NJ, bordering Wayne and Totowa. When I first saw the object I thought it was Russian, so I did report it to the air force local recruiting station in Wayne, NJ. Some Major came and I told him about the sighting. When I communicated with the being , they told me things and events are suppose to happen. My thought to them why not reveal themselves now, they told me that humanity is immature, hostile, and not to tell no one because no one would believe this happened. They said to me that in the near future they will be back for me because I know how to communicate with them. I lost sight of the object going west in front of my house I use to live towards wayne and Pennsylvania. From that time on it has affected my mental and physical health in many ways, full of anxiety, stress, and depression,anemic in the 1980's from it also. When I worked for a company in the 1980's, around September 1986, a co worker mentioned that his aunt seen a ufo at forty fort , PA too. Then I said I seen the same thing, and that your aunt is not crazy. Ever since then I experience I have been not right since, it haunts me. The trauma from time to time brings out the situation, medication is not helping since 1991, had ulcers in the 1980's,and I also read alot thinking I am missing something. When a Major came to take the report questions asked where the shape, did I ever see "Star Wars", and "Close Encounters of the Third Kinds", I said no. I did not watch much tv, busy studying and school. He mentioned to keep it quiet because of national security.
