{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-09 21:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454018","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107601","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2867,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/018/mufon-5454018.json","updb_database_id":5454018}
{jpg} Line of reflective objects

Witness 1- Retired, former deputy sheriff, former military, former biomedical technician.
Witness 2- Currently in medical field.
On 09 April 2020 at 2135 hrs my wife and I were sitting outside next to a small cooking fire. I knew the time of day was right for satellite viewing so I was leaned back in my chair looking skyward.
I had seen a few moving lights already which behaved as I expected for apparent satellites. I then noted two lights with the same appearance as satellites, moving from WNW to ESE but in tandem, appx 10 degrees apart, about 70 degrees elevation off the horizon. They moved at a constant speed and were visible for appx. 30 seconds before they disappeared towards the mountains.
A few minutes later we saw another similar light almost directly overhead moving at the same apparent speed but now in a W to E direction, again we noted another similar light trailing this first one by about ten degrees. We then realized that there were other lights traveling the same path at the same speed, all spaced about ten degrees apart.
We watched the progression of lights, noting when each subsequent light came into view (in the vicinity of Venus) and began counting.
I watched the lights for about 20 minutes and counted thirty-seven, all the same magnitude of brightness, all moving at the same speed in the same direction, all equidistant apart.
I witnessed the event and noted the objects did not give off their own light but appeared to reflect the suns light, which was well below the horizon (sky was dark), similar to a man made satellite. During the course of the event each following light became dimmer as the apparent effects of the sun ebbed.
It should noted the thirty-seventh light was still visible to the naked eye and I saw no other lights behind it.
The trajectory line of the objects began around 80 degrees elevation off the horizon and concluded about 70 degrees off the horizon, indicating they weren't traveling along a terrestrial line. Their path stayed visually consistent with the background stars.
No alcohol, drugs, or mind altering substances were involved.
**I attempted to capture the event on video via my cell phone but stopped after eight seconds because of the phones limitations.
