{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-14 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460018","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101386","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2404,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/018/mufon-5460018.json","updb_database_id":5460018}
{rjl} My husband and i saw a ufo fly over our apartment and heads at close range.

My husband called me to the balcony to see strange lights moving in the sky. We lived very closecto an airport so we saw planes all the time. This was clearly 3 red lights not like any plane we have seen after a min. or so it changed direction straight for us. No plane could fly 100 feet over our head, it was way to low! It flew right over our heads as i looked at it i could see it was metallic grey or black and very shinny, and it had what looked like barrels and wires encased in the ship but protruding from it. It was 100 ft over our heads and made no sound at all. It was Huge also bigger than a football field for sure. As it moved out of sight (The roof blocked it) I ran threw the apt. to the front to see it, as I got out front it was gone! First it was moving slow and was huge, I don't understand how it can be gone, It was there 3 seconds ago moving 100 ft. over a large city! I knew what i saw. My husband was inside telling my (adult) kids what he saw. (I payed attention to the details of the objects bottom.) He says he saw a triangle ship with three red lights on the corners. Black in color. We both also saw a keg shaped silver craft moving very high over Fresno, It moved in ways no helicopter, plane, or drone could move. This was 2 yrs. before the above incident. There are stories about an underground base in the foothills north of Fresno Ca. Strange lights are easily explained with an Airport with the National Gaurd posted in one corner of it! There is no point in reporting this stuff, so we haven't till i saw your show and that you encourage these reports. Fresno Ca. has a lot of strange things UFOS, Whitewalkers ect. I believe its connected. We have now moved out of State! 5 years of clear skis
