{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-27 06:12:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485543","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74187","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4228,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/543/mufon-5485543.json","updb_database_id":5485543}
{jpg} I have videos posted on Youtube: puresimplicity44 a few days....please watch and listen with ear speakers.

Please watch my videos that clearly shows Alien creatures. I have just posted the videos a few days ago after much prayer and thoughts. I have since moved (Dec. 2015) and I was followed. I am still afraid to sleep at nights so my hours are messed up because most nights I don't sleep. They say a war will come or begin in December 2016. 
It's better if you just watch the videos and listen. If I try explaining first...I will sound like a nutcase.
I haven't included a detailed description with the videos yet. I'm working up the nerve because that means I will have to listen to it all again, open myself up...and that is very difficult.
I don't know what they are. They claim they are the Anunnaki and later The Greys. I just know they are shape shifters and liars. I have no one to talk to about this and it has been going on a full year now.
There has been times, I thought I was going crazy despite the proof of the videos. I still question why me?
Strangely by some unknown force or perhaps luck, I just ran into Karla Turners books a few days ago online and I am on the 3rd book...Into The Fringe. Very frightening because for there were moments I shook me up very badly and I would have to stop reading...it was too familiar.
My name is [name removed/CMS/jpg]. I won't provide a last name but the number I provided is correct. I live in Conroe, Tx....and two are here with me at all times. The nights are the worse because I am afraid to sleep because there has been times...recently...hearing voices, sinister. A few days ago, after up all night, I fell asleep on the couch. I woke up hearing voices. I opened my heavy eyes and saw a small child size female leaning over me. I don't remember her face, I recall seeing a childlike arm, the shirt was black. She had black hair and he, the male had a pointed chin, flesh colored but not human, and black eyes. I felt drugged. It was hard to move. I was trying to wake up, move and then I heard a male voice say my name and that is what broke the trance or whatever it was.
Anyway, I have more videos that I won't post...videos of them talking and one is very disturbing...they are doing something to me and my mother is in the other room. It sounds like a drill and I clearly hear my own pain. 
I just want to know how to stop them. Blessing the house, prayers from the bible helps me but they're here. They say they are trying to protect me but I learned recently they are the same two creatures from the first video. They lie.
They have said the USA Air Force has many UFOs that have been seen in the skies but some are not man made. They say this year nearly 19,000 ships will come, that they are traveling now. It's crazy. I sound Crazy...I know. Just watch the videos on YouTube and then we can talk....YouTube: puresimplicity44

Thank you and I wish you a wonderful day,
[name removed/CMS/jpg]
