{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-03-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464543","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"96297","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2934,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/543/mufon-5464543.json","updb_database_id":5464543}
{cak} Did not see, due to manner that the event happened

I had been asleep for several hours next to my husband, my youngest daughter was also sleeping in her crib. For whatever reason on this particular night I slept on the far edge of the bed closest to the window, normally I slept right next to the crib because I breastfed. On this night, I had fallen asleep like usual, and the time had to be well past midnight, but before sunrise because it was still very dark outside. Something caused me to awaken from a deep sleep, I had been sleeping face down with my arms underneath my pillow. A whirring sound and something stirring nearby caused me to awaken. I tried to first move my right arm, it would not move, this startled me and I then tried to lift my head up and could not. At this point, I began to feel nervous because I couldn't move. My next memory went from trying to move my arm and head to suddenly seeing the outside of my bedroom window. My line of sight was looking down at an angle above my bedroom window. I know it was still night, because I saw the pale yellow coloring of the apartment duplex (cinder block style wall), noticing the wall illuminated with a bright white light and looking to my left and right I could see the darkness of night (the surrounding areas past the building itself). After recognizing my bedroom window, realizing I was looking downward at it, I suddenly felt as if I were moving upward, away from it. I then felt a tickle on the top of my head and on my left arm and saw the leaves of the tree outside of our window brushing against my arm as I passed through the leaves on the branch. I do not remember anything after that. I awoke the next morning feeling uneasy and confused. I didn't tell anyone immediately, but when I discussed it with my husband he laughed it off and said it must have been a dream. I shared it with my mother years later. NOTE: My mother also had an experience in Lafayette, Indiana when she was in her early teens during a sleep over at her friends house, experiencing missing time, family cat acting weird, and she and her friend had seen a donut shaped UFO (hollow center with lights all around) above the tree line when she and her friend were listening to music out in the car while their parents played cards inside. My mother also reported her own event to MUFON.
