{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-11-15 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455543","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106070","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5721,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/543/mufon-5455543.json","updb_database_id":5455543}
{tjd} Masive Triangle Craft I witnessed for nearly 30 min. Actually seen Lights and it Hovered over me before leaving. A true and sureal exp.

I wintessed from a far off distance what looked to be a single light that would resemble a Star. Due to the elevation i knew it was not possible. I continued to watch the light travel towards my location. I had entered the woods that morning Deer Hunting was up and seated in my Box Stand positioned near the intersecting points of the two massive power lines off of HWY 28 south. My friends and I had the land lease of about 250 acres. As I continued to sit in my stand and watch the single round light it looked to split into two round lights, like headlights on a car. I called to my friend on our two way "Talk About" radios who was hunting with me that morning. He was roughy as a crow flies about 1000 yards SE of me on the powerline that the lights seem to be following. He had climbed a 15' ladder stand on the far side of the power line, midways from the entering dirt logging road and the creek at the bottom. As i callede to him on the radio, i asked him does he see the lights coming from what would be behind him as the stand he is in is facing the creek at the bottom of the powerline. He replies back to me and says, "whispering" what is it? I said back in a real low voice, I have no idea but its coming our way. I said it looks like it is following the path of the powerline. Maybe 5 to 10 minutes pass and I said, "ARE YOU SEEING THIS" he said yes and im gone, in a panic voice, he said im going back to the truck. Its atleast a 20 min walk back to where he parked on the logging road. He had dropped me off on the Gravel Forest Service Rd and i had a trail cut from there to my box stand. There was no leaving or back to the truck for me. I watched as the Craft passed over roughly where my buddy was sitting and the Craft extended from what seemed to be the center of the Craft would also be the center of the powerline and the Crafts left side extened well into the woods about 100 feet above the powerlines. I wou;d say atleast a 100 to 150 feet extened outward into the woods and i assumed the other side had equal distance. The craft did seem to follow the powerline because st the cross over or intersection of these two massive powerline the craft actually stopped in mid air and made a perfect left turn as if it was going to come my direction on the other powerline. The turn it made was silent and it was what i what call a "Flat" spin type turn. The only noise the craft ever made was during this turn and as it started to move forward. It did not tilt or seem to need the force of air pressing against it to turn nor to stay afloat in the air. The craft had lights in the front but not like headlights. I cant explain. On the underside "Belly" there were 3 dominate lights on each what looked like points, which allowed me to actually see the visable outline of the craft. It was triangle in shape. There was something at the center that seem to be translucent as it came directly over mt stand. I looked out the window/shooting window of my stand and there it was. Massive, i couldnt tell where one side was or the other. the 3 white lights seem to turn red and at the perfecr center the translucent round part lite up with a white light so bright that i could not directly look at it. I tried calling on the radio to my friend but could only get static. The craft stood perfectly still over my stand and the center light would remind you of a search light. it beemed into the woods on both sides, up and down and back and forth on the powerline. I would say what felt like 10 minutes but in reality maybe only a minute or so. The craft stood in perfect silence. The beem of light hit me dead on and I could feel the warmth of its rays and in the mist of the light I could see my breath and ever piece of dust from my movement from within my box stand. As the light was pointed right at me, it just shut off. The three Red lights seem to transform back to white. The craft made that buzz/hum sound just like it did when it turned and seem to move up the powerline away from me. It did not stay perfect. As it made a slight flat turn, maybe 5% to the left and eased forward, I noticed what seem to be maybe a fin in the rear of the craft. What I would comapre to the rear of a late model rear resemblance of a Z06 Corvette. The fins between the exaust. I could see heat but cant explain the color and thye craft instantaeously shot off in that difection it had pointed itself in and was gone. My radio started working and i came down from my stand and had my buddy meet me at the end of my pig trail. I got in the truck and neither of us wanted to talk about it. That morning we had left our homes in Travelers Rest SC and drove 2.5 hours to Deer Hunt as we have done many times. That morning we did not hunt but drove 2.5 hours straight back home. We have only spoke about this a couple times together and i have told the story to maybe 10 people. Ever since that day, things are different in my life. I do not have the words of how to explain.
