{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-19 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502543","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56457","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3283,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/543/mufon-5502543.json","updb_database_id":5502543}
{rjl} Noticed 3 flashing stars that made a perfect triangle in the sky.

I cannot rationally explain what I saw tonight! I was taking the garbage out to the curb when I took a moment to look at the stars because it was so clear and beautiful. I noticed one "Star" to the north of me that seemed to be flashing colors but was really sure. I went inside to get my binoculars (No telescope) to see why it appeared to be flashing. To my amazement it was flashing multiple colors of red, blue, green and orange. Then I noticed that there were three bright white lights in a perfect triangle on what I think was the underneath (bottom) of the craft. I went to get my two sons (17 & 20) to come take a look, this is where it really gets crazy! One of then pointed out that there was more than one. He was correct and you could clearly see that they made a perfect triangle AND we could not see any other stars in the middle of this triangle. We watched and they seemed to slowly be going upwards away from earth. Then my son said that he thought he saw a few flashes of light near the one to the east. Using the binoculars I was watching it and I saw a smaller "Light" fly directly to the larger one and stop in the center of it. I saw a red flash, then a blue one and shown very brightly in the center for about 2 or three minutes. I still cannot believe what I saw! I was swearing and telling my boys about it and gave the binoculars to one of the boys who about 10 minutes later saw the same thing but it was the one to the north. We were all amazed, then the other son saw a flash of light, like a beam shoot from the one to the west and we all saw 2 smaller lights moving toward the one to the west. The only way you could see the smaller ones is with the binoculars. One of my sons called his friend who has a telescope the friend got it out and said that the one to the east looked like it was spinning or lights were spinning around it very quickly. As this was happening it appeared that they were communicating with each other, one smaller light went from the north to the west. They were fading up while we were watching so much so that if I had went out at 11pm I would not have noticed anything! Also, at one point two of us saw a bright yellowish light appear between two of them in the north east of the invisible triangle. It was moving very fast and then disappeared in a flash, like turning off a light. Four of us saw something extraordinary tonight! I have no idea what they could have been! I am really mad at myself for not getting my camera or video camera although I am not sure if it could have picked up what we saw. MUFON- You can contact me via email for more info or questions.
