{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-23 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496543","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62851","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5506,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/543/mufon-5496543.json","updb_database_id":5496543}
{rjl} There appears to be these glowing and hovering orbs or lights throughout the area in which I live.

I actually began noticing "things" in the weeks before Christmas 2014. I was at my bathroom window in the dusk of the evening when I saw something fly over my home that appeared to have a bar of light under it. I didn't have my glasses on at the time, but rushed to grab them, then went outside to see the object as I hoped it would complete its flight over my home to the other side. I noticed there were other craft flying about which seemed might have been military as they were fairly low and had flashing lights. The object I was hoping to see apparently made an "about face" back over my home in the same direction from which it came and when I raced back through my home to see it from the original side...it had simply disappeared. I will add that I heard NO noise from this craft whatsoever! At this point, being VERY curious, I went back out my front door and my eyes were immediately drawn to a very small light that appeared to be a star and seemingly "hovering" in the tree branches. At first, I thought what I was seeing WAS a star and that I was simply "swaying" myself slightly so as to make the "star" appear as if it were "moving through the branches", however it's motions were not indicative of something like this at all! I leaned up against my home and rested my head on it to be sure I wasn't moving and witnessed this little light move up the side of the tree's trunk, sometimes moving behind the tree and back out again. It would move through the branches and I kept losing sight of it, then it would reappear. Knowing now that it wasn't my imagination, I moved away from the tree to find it appeared to be HIGH up in the sky and just "hovering", but it would slowly move from side to side, then up and down, crossways and, at times, appeared to be "bouncing and spiraling" to a slight degree! As I began to look at some of the other "stars" in the area...I found that as I focused on them, they would move in this very same fashion!!! Also, at this point, I realized that the ones that WOULD move like this...weren't "twinkling" as stars do, but that they were actually "flashing"!!! Also, I tested this on other stars to make sure that it wasn't an illusion of the eyes I was seeing to find that some of the stars did NOT move at all...as the others did! I figured if I was "seeing things" that as I focused hard enough on ANY of them...they would ALL react the same way! But this was not the case to ANY degree!

Almost every cloudless night since this, I've been able to see a number of them high in the sky just "hovering" in the same general areas. I suppose for those that aren't aware, they are simply the "stars" of the universe, but I believe that's how they're meant to appear unless you are one who is curious and aware enough to know that "they" are out there and you have the desire to know more! I believe for those of us in this category, our Galactic families WANT to reveal themselves to us!

On New Year's Eve, I noticed 2 hovering VERY much lower in the skies to the west of my home and about 10 feet above the some of the neighborhood homes. Also, I saw a light that appeared to be reflecting off the windows of one of the homes much closer to ground level and was the bright orangish color of the local street lamps, yet it was moving in that same "hovering" motion as the one over the tops of the homes. I was distracted away from this momentarily and when I returned, the one over the houses was gone, but the other street lamp colored one remained, but was now away from the home and into the woodsy area beside the home. Since seeing this light, I've noticed many more of these and other colored lights where "street lights" weren't before. There's also others that are simply a bright white like the typical color of a porch light and some that are the bluish tint of the new LED style lights or even a greenish hue that is also the color of street lamps. They appear to take on the colors of real lights in the surrounding so as to mask themselves better. They also seem to remain hidden in the depths of the surrounding wooded areas and don't "come out" or show themselves unless they are observed! Now that I know they are "out there" I'm able to find more and more all the time and witness more activity from them! Tonight, Saturday...January 24th, one of the "stars" appears high in the sky over south horizon, I watched of the lighted orbs seem to fall to the ground, although there was nothing visible on the ground afterward, one that was clearly "out in the open" yesterday is hidden in the protection of the woods, barely visible! Many of the other ones I see regularly remain in their "normal" areas! Everyday brings witness to a new experience in one form or another! This is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!! :-D
