{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-23 18:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504543","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54346","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3833,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/543/mufon-5504543.json","updb_database_id":5504543}
{kt}3 seperate sightings over 10 day period-first 2 orbs-second 3 orbs-third bottoms of 2 grey round craft traveling at incredible speed NNW to SSE

while standing outside of apartment building I noticed orb of light below cloud bank. My first sighting was of 1 bright amber orb slowly traveling easterly below cloud bank and making instantaneous turn up into cloud and emerging above cloud bank several seconds later then again instantaneously turning North after appearing above cloud. Orb traveled over cloud bank and out of sightline. Total time of initial sighting 15 seconds. Several seconds after original orb was out of sight, a second orb appeared several hundred feet to the East of original orb and traveled West and then straight up into cloud bank and was not observed again. I don't believe it was original object I observed due to its proximity to first orb. A mid size turboprop plane was traveling in a NW direction during duration of sighting. Total time of that sighting was 5 seconds. Approximately 6 days later while scanning same area of sky 3 orbs appeared over roof of building traveling North at a constant rate of speed though faster than the original sighting objects. The lead orb was traveling in a straight line though the two behind were swooping around each other and slowing and then speeding up throughout duration of sighting as if playing with each other. Same bright lighted amber color as first objects sighted but I believe they were higher in altitude. They traveled into cloud bank in same general line as prior sighting and never reappeared. 
 Only two nights later once again scanning for any unusual anomalies I happened to look at the NW sky area and noticed movement of some kind and in the course of the next 5-6 seconds observed 2 large grey round objects traveling at incredible speed NW to SE direction from one side of sky to other. I estimate speed at easily over 1500 MPH as I have observed military jets and know there is none that can travel at that speed. Although it was darker than previous observations the craft were lighter in shade than the cloud cover that appeared seemingly just above them. As they passed over I did very briefly notice some type of darker portions of the bottom of the "discs" lower surfaces. I estimate size of 40-50 feet in diameter due to cloud cover height they seemingly were skimming just under. The speed they were traveling was absolutely incredible and I believe I would have missed them if my eyes didn't lock on to the area in sky where they were moving. I feel these two craft were saucer shaped as I did not notice any portions of the upper shape due to angle of observation and only saw the bottoms of both vehicles that traveled directly side by side, both seemingly exactly the same in size, shape and color. I attempted to get a video with digital camera as I was ready that time but it has been in the single digits here and I suspect lens fogged up and nothing was captured on film. I will keep observing, armed with new digital cam for future sightings and know this is very unusual to have three sightings of this significance in the course of only 10 days, especially in this area of NY. I can hardly believe it myself. Good Luck
