{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-12 08:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286543","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116839","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3336,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/543/mufon-5286543.json","updb_database_id":5286543}
Hovering Object Near Hillsboro Airport

I was out walking my dog through the sports fields off of Veteran's Drive in Hillsboro when I noticed something that seemed to be flashing up in the sky. Veteran's Drive is very close to the Hillsboro airport so it's very common to see aircraft flying around and I will routinely have planes fly 50 feet above me as they're coming in for landings. This object did not appear to be a plane as it was moving very slowly and ended up hovering above me for around 5 minutes or so until it started to slowly move away towards the south. The strange thing was that it seemed to be rotating as I would catch what looked like a bright gleam off of a possibly chrome or silvery metallic surface every half second or so. While it hovered above me it appeared to be maybe a 1000 feet up but it could have been more as I had no frame of reference for what I was looking at. As it hovered there it did not look like any aircraft or drone that I've seen before. The main body seemed to be a diamond shape with a smaller diamond shaped object hanging off of the bottom of the object. There seemed to be some type of antenna or appendages that were sticking off of the main diamond shaped body portion at angles up and down. The upper diamond portion of the object seemed to be rotating which was causing the flashes as the sun caught something metallic on each rotation. It would seem to almost disappear after the flash and then the next flash would illuminate the object again. I tried to record video as it hovered above me because that's when it was the closest and I could make out the most detail but it was a sunny day out and I could never seem to get my cell phone camera to focus on the object at that time. It wasn't until it started to move to the south and headed towards the power lines that I was able to get the object in frame and focus on it. The power lines gave me a visual reference in the clear sky so I knew where to point and focus the camera as the object was very small or very high up. I doubt this was a drone as the area that it was flying in is a direct flight path for the Hillsboro Airport and is heavily trafficked with aircraft coming in to land. It eventually started to head south and I eventually lost sight of it was it crested the horizon and disappeared behind the trees.
