{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1970-06-01 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495784","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63643","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7412,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/784/mufon-5495784.json","updb_database_id":5495784}
{rjl} Hovering disc that exited the sky to my left in non-ballistic motion

It was a bright day with sunshine in the middle of the afternoon. I was a resident of North Bennington in the state of Vermont. I was ten years of age. I was outside of a shoe store there with a young woman. My parents were in the store shopping, and there were no other people in the vicinity. To my knowledge there were no other witnesses to the event. The two of us were talking together, when we turned to look in noticing a disc that was hovering about five hundred feet away, and about one hundred feet from the ground. There was no sound emanating from the dark disc. The disc was about thirty feet in diameter. It was a quiet day without inclement weather, and without a wind. There was no vehicular traffic in the area, as this was a rural town. After about fifteen seconds, we both became aware that this was an unidentified flying object. Our reaction was one of a mutual wonder and elation in witnessing this event. I mentioned to the young woman that was with me to go into the shoe store and to tell everyone inside to come out and to see this. It took her about thirty seconds to get to the store, and then I was alone with the object that was still hovering in a stationary position. After about fifteen more seconds, the dark colored disc exited the sky in a non-ballistic motion and was gone. There was no engine noise, vapor trail, or any atypical acceleration aspects of the UFO. There were no other people in the store that were able to come out and see this in time. I went back into the shoe store and told the clerk at the counter, and my parents what I had seen. I do not remember if there were other patrons that were in the store when I went back in. The young woman that was with me reiterated what we had seen. The man at the checkout counter was openly in disapproval, as when I was young to have believed in extraterrestrial phenomenon was a sign of a lost contact with reality. My parents sided with the clerk at the counter, as though this was the product of a youthful fantasy of mine, or a mistaken interpretation of what I had seen. After forty five years of trying to make sense of this personal experience, it has taken me this long to venture a description of these events. In the year of 1974, I was nearly a straight A student at a private school in an upper class neighborhood in Massachusetts. Less than a year and a half later I did not even graduate with a high school diploma at another private school in Pennsylvania that was attributed to the mental and physical abuse from my father that ensued after I had witnessed this UFO. Both of my parents were involved in classified government research on psychic phenomenon at the Edgar Cayce Foundation. I have been subjected to mental and physical violence all of my life in one form or another as far back as I can remember: I was different, and I have paid a high personal price for this. My father mentally tortured me for the first twenty four years of my life with the hope of inducing a suicidal response in order to prevent the interpretation of these events that was external to the influence of the family that would be outside of their personal discretion to decide for themselves to allow. Since the year of 1984 I have been hospitalized fourteen times, and six of those in psychiatric hospitals. I have been made destitute three separate times in my life. For reasons that are still unclear to me, I was being used as a warning to these extraterrestrial intelligences, and to other people, of what will happen to anyone that is given an education by these telepathic being's from other planets that the current security mandates do not control in direct oversight as a classified matter. Often this operates outside of the accepted parameters to not violate someone's legal rights in the process by those with a personal as contrasted to a professional interest that operate outside of government regulation. I learned this the hard way, so to speak. After my father illegally disposed of all of my personal property in May of 1984, I found myself at a bus station with eleven hundred dollars with nowhere to go, and nothing to be able to do when I got there. After relocation to the state of Hawaii under duress, there was another interesting turn of events that occurred when I was resting in an open field next to Hilo International Airport about two weeks after I got there. It was a calm night, in an early evening in darkness. In the sky directly above me about one hundred and fifty feet from the ground, three oblong objects that were shrouded in a white mist approached overhead. These appeared to be dirigibles, as one lightly collided with one of the others: Extraterrestrial vehicles do not do so, and this was not the result of pilot error: I intuitively knew to not trust this expensive illusion that was meant to parallel the event in 1970. There were numerous other witnesses to this staged event in Hawaii, as I could hear other people talking in the background nearby. Prior to this formal description that I am providing in the here and now, I had never ventured any communication of my experiences to a branch of the government, or an independent investigative function involved in the research on extraterrestrial phenomenon. There are government security mandates that are outdated that concern the activities of extraterrestrial intelligences, and the intention of these telepathic beings to be here. The machinations that I have observed in the interaction with other people of similar experience with extraterrestrial visitation is to ensure that there is not a concern to the infrastructure of the military as a possible jeopardy. These alien intelligences tend to decide for themselves who it is that is in a position to best bridge this distance to prevent further adversity from happening to innocent people that become the focus of an animosity for just having seen a genuine UFO. Those of us that have been caught in this crossfire deserve to be able to make a decent life for ourselves without a censure or a reprimand for having witnessed this type of event. It is unusual for someone at such a young age, such as I was, to have seen an extraterrestrial vehicle. The void creates the need in society, and the function that I filled in this is classified matter is something that I discuss with no one. If I can help even so much as one other person that has seen an actual UFO to be spared the living hell that I have been through, then it all will have been worth it. Sometimes to keep to one's self is the best approach until the matter has subsided in controversy. After this long, I have the opportunity to talk about it without a coercion from another perspective forcing a compliance from me personally.
