{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-06-18 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292784","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110532","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3330,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/784/mufon-5292784.json","updb_database_id":5292784}
Bright object flying across sky, then stops and hovers completely still in sky, with sudden and random darting across sky at high speeds

My friend and I were camping at Mesa Verde National Park on June 17 and 18, 2020. We were in the amphitheater parking lot at Morefield campground around 11pm each night. I love astrophotography and was pointing out to him some basic constellations. We noticed a brighter object moving across the sky which we thought was a plane or a satellite at first. But soon the lights seemed too bright and it stayed in the same general area of the sky. Then the object completely stopped flying across the sky and was completely still in the sky. It didn’t even seem to hover with any movement like a drone or helicopter would with some vibration. There was no movement at all. Then it suddenly darted back to the left in an instance, with no acceleration. It went from completely still to moving so quick that I couldn’t follow it with my camera while trying to take a video. The object did this maneuver over and over with no consistency. Sometimes shorter dashes left or longer ones right in a large area of the sky but we were always facing south/southeast. This went on the whole time we saw it the first night, we were there for about an hour. The next night we saw it approach again from the southeast. I decided to use my very fancy mirrorless camera because it’s such high resolution I knew I could zoom in later to see It in more detail. But once I started recording I was only able to get one video of it in motion quickly darting to the left. Because once I starting recording it stopped moving! It stayed still in the sky. I joked that it knew I was recording in the video. But thinking back, it felt too coincidental that it stopped moving at the exact moment I started recording. I really felt like it stopped because I started recording it. We eventually left either because we scared ourselves or we started realizing this was too strange and maybe we should be afraid. It was still there when we drove out of the parking lot. Once I loaded the videos and zoomed in I noticed there are shadow figures moving around in the “three windows” throughout the video.
