{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-03 15:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498784","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60384","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4551,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/784/mufon-5498784.json","updb_database_id":5498784}
{nd} Heard fighter aircraft engine. Went outside to photograph fighter. Looked SE and saw to disks hovering

I heard the sound of a fighter jet outside. That in itself is not unusual considering where I live Colorado Springs. But, I could tell from the sound it didn't just sound like routine flying. After about ten minutes of still hearing the sound seemingly going back and forth I decided to walk out on the balcony and maybe try to snap a picture of it as I often do. Could still hear it but couldn't locate it visually except one time I saw it briefly SSE of where I was. Took my eyes off and lost it. Then as I was still searching the skies for it I saw this stationary white orb in the air ESE of me. It was stationary, not moving a bit. I observed it for a minute or so and wasn't too excited because I have mistaken balloons for UFOs before. But from those other observations, I had some experience as to how balloons behave ( mainly being carried around and adrift by the wind and eventually going out of sight)but this was perfectly stationary and very visible. I started taking pictures of it and at the same time I could still hear the jet fighter but couldn't see it. Then as I was still photographing the object, I noticed another about an index finger to pinkie finger width just south of it and seemingly at the same altitude as it was equally as visible. Again, still never moving just fixed in one position. I took pics of both, but could not get them both in the same shot. I never saw the jet and them together at any time but I had the distinct feeling that they were why I had heard the fighter in the first place. I went back in the apartment to get my binos ( 20x80)to try to get a better look. I could see it closer, but couldn't make out anything distinguishing. Only about what I could see in the pictures that I took. Just a white looking orb. Because I could not see any detail or anything more interesting, I just went back in the apartment to try and see if I had gotten them both in one of the shots. I hadn't. So at that point, I was disappointed and just started doing something else. I could kick myself, but about twenty minutes or so later I said let me go see if they are still there. They were not, and I do not know where they went or how they left. But, I do have some pics as evidence that I saw them. I included photo 244 to show that I tried a wider angle shot to try to get both orbs in the same shot but I got nothing. I don't know why except that I must have been pointing the camera in the wrong area. These were taken with a Fuji HS30 camera with a 30X zoom lens at different focal lengths. There was also a chemtrail plane visible at the time I was taking the pics. You can see part of the trail in the left side of photo 244. It came from the East and went SW sort of. At this same time, I could still hear the fighter somewhere but couldn't see it.The sky was pale blue with light wispy clouds ( chemtrails ) and not very contrasty. It was hard to get good lock-on focus. These were definitely not balloons, and they were definitely not moving. In the pics, you may be looking at two different orbs. They looked exactly alike and I would take a picture of one and then of the other and on the pics I can't tell which is which. That's why I tried and failed to get them both in the same shot.
