{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-02-01 22:41:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512784","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45519","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2989,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/784/mufon-5512784.json","updb_database_id":5512784}
{nd} Large Rectangular Spinning object

We were on the way to my house from grocery shopping at Walmart. We had just crossed over the Hwy. 40 bridge on Union Cross Rd when I saw a large white light in the western sky. Upon pulling in my driveway, just west of Glen High school I had a clearer view of the hovering object. It was west of my location. I would guess it was at least a couple miles away. We turned the car off and observed the object now hovering very slowly toward us. At that moment, we noticed that the object was spinning. We could not believe what we were seeing. As it got closer, we could see that it was spinning in a medium speed and the lights of the object were pulsating. We could see the white light and then the red light, similar to a firemans emergency lights. As it got closer, we both exited the car and stood in my front yard as the object hovered slowly overhead. It was absolutely no noise at all. We could see that it had 4 short....appendages on the sides, that resembled the shape of candy canes but very short, two in the front and 2 in the back with bright red pulsating lights just behind them. As it slowly hovered over my house, off to the east, I noticed an airplane. The plane was much higher than the object and was traveling much faster as well. Before we lost sight of it, it seemed to be heading in a southeast direction and its speed was a little faster. It did not bank to make the turn, it simply continued to spin and changed direction. My sister looked at me and said, "What was that, omg it was really spinning just like you hear about on tv." I said I had no clue to what it was but I was glad that someone saw it with me. I thought I would report it here. This makes two objects I have seen in this area. The last object was back on Thanksgiving Day which I reported here as well. Though the objects were both different, I still have no explanation to what we saw both times. My sister got a few pictures of it and another light that we did not see is in one of the pictures. I caught it on my cell phone recorder and will be submitting my video and her pictures as soon as possible. My sister and others have never seen anything they could not explain, but tonight, this spinning object wowed both of us. Definately no airplane, unless we have one that can spin round and round and hover/fly at the same time. Im just like WOW.....
