{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-06-09 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287784","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115589","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2942,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/784/mufon-5287784.json","updb_database_id":5287784}
A reflective chrome like object hovered overtop a neighbor's home while I was outside sitting on my deck.

I was enjoying the last Ray's if sun on my deck when I noticed a stationary object above a neighbor's house 1 block from me. With the sun setting behind me, I was blinded by the reflective surface of the object in front of my line of view. Noticing that it stayed perfectly still while leaves on trees continued to move threw me off. 

I walked to the other end of my deck and starred harder at it and remember saying out loud "what are you?" Under my breath and it began to shift slightly and then disappeared. Lasted no more than 8 to 10 min. Cars drove past and I felt like I was the ONLY one who could see it. Was bizzare and I realized no one typically looks up while driving. 

It was no bigger than a standard medium size beach ball that was slightly flattened on the bottom. Very much like what a waterballon would look like laying on a flat surface. This was NO drone...nor did it hover like one.

I had a very odd sensation it was watching me only after I got up to focus on it. If I wouldve stayed like a statue and still it might've passed over. That was my mistake.

Shortly after this occurance I started having odd dreams about traveling outside my body and connecting with a living presence I failed to identify as Human. It wanted me to bind myself to it by manipulating dreams and my Hope's as bait. Odd I know but quite real. I now suffer from extraordinary migraines and sensitivity to light ever since that day. 

I have moved from this area since then and continue to suffer involuntary out of body experiences both waking and asleep. Bruises and Mark's on my body show with no knowledge of why. I'm am currently working on mental blocks to protect myself. 

Do not provoke these things... not worth the aftermath of physical trauma and a secret you can not share for fear of being seen as nuts. I've been too afraid to speak due to not wanting to set myself back with conditioning my mind and thought patterns. Due to evidence of similar persons reporting to MUFON I feel I can safely step forward to share my experience and warning to anyone wishing to live a blissfully ignorant life. Do not engage and do not assume your thoughts are safe because they are very exposed. Guard your intentions and motives.
