{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-14 10:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497852","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61428","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4104,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/852/mufon-5497852.json","updb_database_id":5497852}
{cak} BIG, right in front above the road going up a hill. I drove under it. lost sight when went under large tree.

Driving home late morning up Arkadelphia. Large trees along and over street. Came to a clearing where you see lots of sky. I noticed and object and did not thing much about it because planes regularly cross going to air port. It was still there. I saw it was much larger than a commercial aircraft. Also, its structure was like a huge + sign with the core being thick tapering to the ends. The ends had tree type antennas. The top one being huge, the ones on the sides smaller. I do not recall much about the bottom portion. It seemed to be a purely technical craft as it had tons, like way more than 50 (hundreds) of different kinds of antennas. The core was structurally build like one would see on a military ship. Like everything had a purpose and no space was wasted.

I did not see anything that looked like windows or such and did not see anything that would indicate a propulsion system that I would recognize or guess at.

As I was driving North the unit did not move East or West, nor South that I could tell. About all airplanes that pass that way travel West to East, NE to the airport. I got 3 to four good looks trying to study it as best I could while not stopping in the road and getting clobbered in the rear. Not much traffic usually there, but I was not wasting time to look in the mirror or anything. Barely took time to glance ahead just to make sure I wasn't going to hit anything and I was still on the road.

As reached the part where the tree limbs blocked the sky view I was pretty darn under the thing, at least by my guess. I speed up to get to the street I turn right on (direction to the airport) about 1, 1.5 blocks away to see if I could see it headed toward the airport looking to my right. I saw nothing, drove slow. Yea, I should have parked at the curb, ran back around the corner, but I didn't.

No photos, evidence or anything. A friend did ask me to try to draw what I saw. I grabbed a google image and did my sloppy best with notes if that is of interest. I'll include if there is an option for that. Sorry, I don't draw.

PS I do not agree at the bottom at the moment, but leave the option open to change that if you think it helpful at some point for some reason. With no pictures or evidence and I don't know of another witness I just wanted to share what I saw. To me it was a very surprising, interesting opportunity and experience I wasn't expecting. I have not found any mention of this event online. Today I considered possibly going over to the college Monday, because it is right there to see if anybody there had seen or mentioned anything.

This thing was larger than a commercial jet. My gut was like 3 times as long and wide. I was even trying to compare to how it would compare to the size of the nearby stadium and I thought it would fit in there quite nicely but stick up really high out of it.

Errors: Elevation in degrees doesn't make sense in this case so I just plug something in. It was RIGHT THERE. In front and above me. Due to its size it makes it difficult to estimate distance. I'd say 500-1500ft. I don't know what low altitude for planes is right there NOT that it was a plane because it wasn't. A plan would have been moving to the airport. This thing stayed right there, unless it was mosying my direction, South.
