{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-28 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490852","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68724","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6183,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/852/mufon-5490852.json","updb_database_id":5490852}
{jpg} Video of Orb/ET changed shape, spread wings, and legs w/red tail.

This video footage was captured from my webcam and security software that is time stamped, on July 28th, 2015 beginning at 4:30am MST. [moved to investigator section/CMS/jpg] I have been a psychic since childhood and have seen many UFO's, but never captured any video or photos of UFO's.

I captured an orb/ET with wings and antennas on my webcam video early this morning, on July 28th, 2015, while it was still dark outside. My webcam is sitting in my dining room window ceil and I have a webcam in my living room window ceil.

I was asleep when this orb was captured on video. I live by myself and no noise was in my apartment. It is very quiet at night in this neighborhood. You can hear a pencil dropped outside at night.  I hear a binaural beat in the background of all of the videos. I never heard anything at night with the audio turned on my webcam, except for this morning. We don't have crickets around here.

I saw an orb flying past my dining room window a week ago on the webcam screen of my computer, and the motion detector on my webcam security software did not capture it, and no screenshot or video was recorded. When I looked out of the dining room window I saw nothing. I can only see these orbs on the webcam screen. So I decided to turn on 24 hour video recording on my security software, and turn on audio and lights on my webcam in the dining room window at night while I sleep. 

Attached is 4 short video clips of a close up picture of an orb who spreads its wings and its antennas. It has rainbow colors on the edges. It changes shapes. On the back of the orb was a red tail that only appeared in one part of the video and was wagging at warp speed. I noticed when it was flying across the top of my dining room window, it became longer and its legs were hanging. When landing on my dining room window screen, it changed shape and was smaller and legs were pulled inside of it, like a plane would pull up wheels after take off.

This is startling video footage. This is the real thing. I never saw anything like it. I watched the video as the orb flew back and forth and across my dining room window. I was in shock at what I saw. I felt excitement and was starring at the video. I played the video recordings over and over again. Then I said to myself, I need to report this now to someone important. I walked in circles thinking about what I have on video. Amazing footage.

I decided to include the video clip captured at 6:12 am which is me reaching under the curtains and turning off the lights on the webcam. Everyone can see the dining room window and screen (with spots on it), is the same in the daylight as it was when the orb was flying in front of it in the dark.

Next, the orb stopped and sat on my window screen and posed for the webcam, then it flew so fast it looks like it disappeared into thin air. Last, it appeared at the top of the dining room window, looking down right at my webcam, and then the recording just stopped on its own, or the ET turned off the recorder. My recording did not start again till daylight at 6:12 am. What was really creepy is that on the 6:12am video clip I still hear the binaural beats in the background, which made me think, "Is it still here and I just can't see it?"

I included photos of orbs and a cigar shaped UFO that was outside in front of my apartment, and was captured on my webcam a week ago, from my living room window. I was awake that night and when I saw these orbs on my webcam screen which was streaming at the time. I looked out my front window and saw nothing. I looked at my webcam screen again and saw the orbs, looked out the window again and saw nothing. The same thing happened when I saw the cigar shaped UFO in the street in front of my apartment on the webcam screen. I looked out the window and saw nothing, looked at the webcam screen and saw the UFO. I was wide awake. I can see them on my webcam screen, but not directly looking at them with my own eyes.

These videos are date and time stamped. I included the screenshots from my webcam in the living room window of 2 orbs. One on my front lawn and one on the sidewalk in front of my apartment. My apartment is one floor. Also, there are 2 screenshots of the same cigar shaped UFO that increased in size and changed shapes. The UFO was captured from my webcam in my living room window ceil, on July 23rd, 2015. The screenshots of the orbs captured by my webcam in living room window were taken on July 20th and 21st, 2015.
