{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-03-10 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5476852","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"83353","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2639,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/852/mufon-5476852.json","updb_database_id":5476852}
{jpg} Certain it's not a plane or a helicopter

Going home on the highway with my mom. I was looking at a weird light thhat was brighter than the stars in the bright suburban area. It took a while to realize it was moving and moving fast at that. I pointed it out to my mom who dismissed it as a plane seeing as the airport was close by. I had graduated ground school and so I know the regulations and light meanings of planes. The aircraft was much too low to not be legal in FAA terms and didn't even seem big enough to be a commercial airline. There were also too many lights and not even red lights which are required by FAA law. By this time the light was small in the distance just to the left side of the highway. I watched as it changed directions and flew across the highway to the right side and I knew it wasn't a plane by then. My mom dismissed it as a helicopter this time and said it was probably a news crew or a hospital rescue helicopter. It had too many lights and it seemed to slow down because it got bigger. It sat there for a while before we approached it. I couldn't see the aircraft until we were passing by it because it was almost jet black like the sky but it looked nothing like a helicopter. Again, the lights there were too many and not the right colour or position to be a helicopter. When we drove past it was hovering above a small neighborhood some 20 to 30 feet off the ground. I told her again that it wasn't a plane or a helicopter but she continued to deny that it was a UFO. I continued to argue with her and the trees surrounding the houses that I last saw the UFO blocked my view but I could still see a little light through some of the branches. I was upset that my mom didn't believe me and that if I told anyone "Hey! I saw a UFO on the way home!" They would nod and say "That's cool." And shrug me off. I really want to know about aliens and I am positive they exsist. Looking back and I hate myself for not taking pictures or even a video for that matter seeing I had my phone in my lap the whole time.
