{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493852","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65649","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2805,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/852/mufon-5493852.json","updb_database_id":5493852}
{rjl} Refrigerator sized bright white louvered lighted rectangle first seen 1/2 mile away. Then, saw object motionless east of US 280 < 250 feet away. Fire in road median.

Was traveling east on US 280 after dark but not too long after dark. Saw three lights a head in a valley about 2 miles distant. One later was identified as a tower light about 7 miles away. As I drove ahead, I noticed that one light flared away. Lights were white and about 350 feet apart. The highway curves here so there was relative motion. As I neared where I thought the lights might be located, I saw a small fire in the median to my left. I looked up and saw a very unusual rectangle with bright, horizontal white lighted slats that remained motionless about 50 feet above a pine tree that was easy to remember. Object appeared to be the size of a refrigerator. I think the sides were covered with 15 to 20 slats on at least three sides. I do not remember the top and bottom. All the slats were brightly aglow with a white light. Houses and a few buildings are nearby but none was near the object.
 Many cars were headed in the opposite direction. I drove on as I had a passenger. Passenger was too low to see the object. The next day, I stopped and examined the fire with a bit of hesitation because of the possible dangers of what could have started the fire. The fire was about as big as two king sized beds. There were some two foot pieces of logs in the fire area that had come off the numerous log trucks but, otherwise the fire location was normal for burnt grass.
 I am 100% certain that the object was not again at the first location as nothing was located there on numerous other trips day or night.
 Someone could have had an object in the sky but, I doubt that to be the case. I would have to call it unidentified by me. I was not able to generate much interest in the few people I told of the light and so, I just let the event go for at least three months until I found the web site for reports here. If the object was a drone, the size was very large. I do not think the object was tethered either. I saw no means of motion. I did not see it move up close. I heard nothing because I was in a closed car on a cold night.
