{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-07-01 13:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492852","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66671","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2733,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/852/mufon-5492852.json","updb_database_id":5492852}
{dr}Broad day light. .Watchef a small dot get closer until it was huge right above me. Silemt disc shape

The year was 1965. I was a small child living about 3 miles from Goodfellow airforce base in San Angelo, Texas. The base on occassions would have air shows and we would sit on the back porch and watch the planes fly over. I was a small child but knew the names of all the planes. The day before my sighting they had held an airshow. It was hot,clear day and I was laying on the back porch up under the shade of the roof staring out across the sky. Their are no tall trees just low growing mesquite trees and grass as far as you could see. I watched a small dot the size of a pencil tip grow bigger and bigger cruising over the top of the brush straight toward me. It stopped right above the house where I was laying in the shade and was as big as my house. Maybe 40 ft across It hovered about 100 feet above the ground right over one of the only telephone poles there. The object was disc shaped with a small dome over it. It was brown in color and what has always stayed with me is the texture. It had the texture of an oatmeal cookie but was so smooth and seamless and looked so hard. It had no windows. It was a beautifully crafted machine.
My father being a mechanic I knew that metal did not just hover in the air silently making no sound. I was mesmerized, in awe,shocked and so scared I froze for a short time just staring at it. I don't think it saw me because when I finally caught my breath I screamed "mom" who was about 10 feet inside the house doing dishes. The craft shot straight up and disappeared in seconds. It took my mother only seconds to respond to my scream and by the time she threw open the door and saw what I was pointing up to, the object went from a 40 ft object to the size of a small dinner plate and disappeared. It was as if I scared it. My mother saw it but did not see the size of the craft that I saw. She told me not to talk about it. I didn't for years but I am glad to know that I am not the only person who has had this kind of experience. I have not spent my life never looking up that's for sure.
