{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-30 05:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486852","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72839","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2719,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/852/mufon-5486852.json","updb_database_id":5486852}
it's not a plane or army jet i'm sure it was too bright and wasn't moving like any thing i've seen before

I was sitting in my room near the beginning of the morning between five to six in the morning, and i opened the door of the balcony to split some air.
The sky was very clear at this time, I kept a little look at the sky until i caught a glimpse of something strange that i did not believe, I saw the light go up from somewhere on the ground vertically to the sky with remarkable speed and stop for a second to complete it's way.
At first I could not believe what I'm seeing I did not put it in the possibilities that was a military plane because the military airport away from my home 50 kilometers south of this UFO appeared from the west. There is no possibility that a civilian aircraft, the nearest civilian airport is located 200. Plus I have checked the radar of civil aircraft program to make sure the situation and found that the nearest plane to me situated in the capital, which lies 200 kilometers from me and there was not on the scale of entire city any aircraft at this time.
The body was the closest thing to a cylindrical glossy white that i've never seen before, it was flying in a little zigzag movement can not be an ordinary plane to fly like that, and high speed I've never seen before, especially at this altitude.
I could not do anything I was impressed and shocked at the same time because i'm seeing something like this for the first time, I have camera attached to a mobile phone and the sky was dark and did not help me picking up the lighting for something clear as well that this was the body quickly. I went immediately afterwards to report on this website.
I could not follow it because it had gone to the other side of the building where I live.
I've attached a short video that i was able to catch, i no it's not very clear but if you focused you will catch that speed light.
