{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-06 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496189","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63220","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2904,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/189/mufon-5496189.json","updb_database_id":5496189}
{nd} Small orb, slightly larger than Jupiter usually is. Moving slow/medium across sky. Abrupt stop and direction change.

Walked out to driveway at 2AM to start car to charge my battery (having battery charge problems).
As I was walking to car I saw a small orb that was slightly larger than Venus but looked more like an orb of light rather than a typical "star". Was slightly below where all the stars were in the night sky, including the actual Venus(or one of the planets). I stopped at my car and I was facing the door. I noticed the light was moving at a steady pace, not fast but similar to airplane speed. The object was parallel to my front hood and moving at an angle to the right, towards the back of my car. It was high up, around the level of helicopters or small planes.
As I watched it move I started out facing my car door with my head turned a bit to the left. Object moved left to right. In about 10 seconds I had turned 90 degrees and my left shoulder was now next to the car door in order to keep the object in front of me.

At this point it stopped and hovered for about 1 second and then began moving directly towards me so that it would fly directly overhead. So it made an almost 90 degree turn.

It's movement was fairly smooth and there was no sound whatsoever.
It's very quiet in town at 2am, no cars, no noise. It was a clear night with a bright moon and freezing cold, no real wind and about 8 degrees. Planes and helicopters do often fly in my line of sight and no matter what their height is I can always hear them and quickly identify them. At night I usually check out the sky as I'm into cosmology.

As it was moving towards a direct fly-over I couldn't help but to get creeped out as everyone was asleep, lights out and it was dead quiet. I did not expect it to suddenly veer off it's course and come right at me.
So I turned around and quickly walked inside.
I tried to see it out my window but could not locate it that way and when I went outside a few minutes later with binoculars it was gone.

Even before it changed direction it was very odd, a source of light that was very baffling. No blinking. It was immediately very out of place in the sky. In the summer I watch the sky on clear days just for stargazing so I am familiar with what's usually there.
