{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-08-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288189","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115180","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6432,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/189/mufon-5288189.json","updb_database_id":5288189}
Seemingly beneficent people warned me of “the others - the bad ones.”

I’ve been afraid to tell anyone beyond a small group of trusted people about this since it happened. I wasn’t harmed, as far as I know, and thought it wasn’t important. I have even questioned it, myself, and I don’t want to be thought insane. But today I saw a collection of accounts so close to my own that I feel I have to add my story. 

I was twelve years old at the time, and had never had any interest in UFOs or aliens, except in reading fiction, but I took it entirely as fiction. My family were all devout Baptists, and so none of them believed or had any interest in such things. And so I was very surprised to wake up in the middle of the night in late summer at my grandparents’ home to a low, almost inaudible, hum. It shouldn’t even have wakened me, it was so faint. I could always hear the hum of the old refrigerator from the kitchen through my wall, and the humming sound wasn’t even that loud, but it reverberated in such a different way - a way I can’t really explain - that somehow it, or something, woke me. My bed was just below the window sill, against the rear wall of the house, where the ground sloped down in relation to the front of the house, so that when I looked out that window I looked down as if from the second story, even though it was a single level home. I parted the window sheers and looked out to see a large orb, very dark grey in color, somewhat reflective like mercury, but it gave off no light that I could see. They spoke to me in my head “come out, we need to show you.” 

I was a free spirited kid, so I was practiced in easing my way through the old house, not stepping on the squeaky floor boards, easing the old drawer beside the back door open and taking out the key, and unlocking the door very quietly to slip out and run around in the dark. I just liked to do that. In this is instance it served to get me outside where these... someones had called me. It must have been around midnight. The area is a rural one, and aside from the light in our yard it’s very dark in the wee hours. My experience of being outside at all hours of the night suggested to me that it was about midnight. I walked up to the orb. It was the size of a small barn or a very large shed. I wasn’t afraid. I could see my own blurry reflection in the surface of the thing before it opened up. It wasn’t a door so much as the material just receded to make a circular opening about the size of a door, like putting a drop of oil in water and the water molecules receding. And then when I stepped in it closed behind me just as it had opened. They were talking to me in my head, telling me it was ok, they were not involved and didn’t want to be involved, in our affairs. They watched us, but they had been trying to warn us about “the others - the bad ones.” They said the others are dangerous. Inside the orb all the hallways, floors, walls, ceilings, were glowing white/yellow. It’s as if the surfaces were made of translucent glass or plastic with lights glowing from underneath the surface. The ones talking to me said I couldn’t see them, that they didn’t want to be seen, but they had to show me. I don’t know if the orb joined another vessel - it’s possible. I didn’t experience any kind of moving force like I would have in an elevator or airplane, but the distance I crossed inside the vessel was greater than the outside would suggest it could encompass. They directed me as I walked until I reached an opening in the wall on my left. Inside that door the space was dark. I went inside and the wall closed behind me. Almost immediately the room lit up as if every surface was a movie screen. There were scenes of horrible destruction, whole civilizations reduced to rubble. “This is what they do. This is what they will do to you. Beware the others.” And the room went dark. The next thing I knew I woke up in my own bed as if I’d never been gone. My first thought was that I had had a very vivid and jarring dream, but I realized I could feel the grit of dirt on and under my feet against the bed sheets. I lifted my blankets and looked and there absolutely was dirt on my feet just as there would be if I’d been running around in the backyard. The very first faint suggestion of coming sunlight was outside. I was so confused and afraid. I didn’t tell anyone for a long time, and then one or two close friends and since then only my husband. For several years after I would burst into tears when I passed forestry areas where the trees had been shorn down, or sites where houses or buildings had been demolished. I told my family it was part of my love of the environment or my love of historical buildings and sites, and I do love those things, but that isn’t what made me cry. I would instantly remember the scenes I saw that night. I have never forgotten a single second or a single detail of the event. I’ve tried to convince myself it was a dream. My hands are shaking as I type this, not because I was afraid of the ones who spoke to me, but because the experience was so much larger than my reality. What I was shown was terrifying, but if it can just have been a dream, then it’s nothing, right? But it wasn’t nothing, and I’ve seen such similar accounts that I can’t shrug it off as a strange dream so much as I have done. And then I see the accounts of others who have encountered different beings, different vessels, and how they’ve been prodded and harmed, and I feel I have to pass on the warning I was given. Stephen Hawking said that, if such beings were to exist and be interested in us, it could not be a good thing, and I have to agree, given what I believe I may have actually experienced, and what I’ve heard from accounts of other kinds.
