{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-15 06:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490189","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69404","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2592,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/189/mufon-5490189.json","updb_database_id":5490189}
{cak} Dark in color, like a paper towel tube, red lights on either end crossed over interstate after passing some industrial towers then hovered and rotated on like an axis then started heading off

I was travelling northbound on the interstate to work around 6:45am I noticed an object that was travelling behind a local factory which is located near the main river through town. At first I saw it and thought, "oh it must be a helicopter landing at the local hospital" which has a landing pad just on the other side of the interstate I was travelling on. However, watching it because it seemed so peculiar I then realized it wasn't in the right shape of a helicopter, so I then tried to think of what else it could rationally be. I looked at it and it had a body of an aircraft without the wings or the tail. I compared it to a paper towel roll. I could not think of what it could be that I know of. I then realized I was witnessing a UFO. It had red lights on either end of it which were solid. It moved slowly over the interstate I was trying to get a good look at it but the morning was still twilight and it was hard to make out the details. It appeared dark in color like a dull metallic grey color. I didn't see any windows or any other marks other than two red lights one on either end which were solid. It hovered then appeared to be rotating on an axis and it lifted and started to go up. It had almost a blimp-like movement to it. It slowly moved off. It didn't seem to be in a rush or cared that anyone was witnessing it. It seemed as though it wanted to be seen. It lifted and slowly headed off between the nearby hospital and a local college building. I didn't have a camera on me and I was so amazed that I even tried to email a local news station to see if anyone else reported anything strange that morning. There is no way I could have been the only one to have seen it that morning.
