{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-31 23:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487189","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72481","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2260,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/189/mufon-5487189.json","updb_database_id":5487189}
orange ball of light 2x the size of Venus moving at a constant speed toward south basin of Lake Winnipeg.

My wife and I were riding our bikes back to our cottage around 11 pm August 31,2014,after visiting family at their nearby cottage. As we headed south down the main road(8th Avenue) which is wider and makes the sky much more visible,I noticed a bright orange ball of light ahead of us over the Victoria Beach Parking Lot.I have always had an interest in astronomy,had a telescope and taught basic astronomy to students for over 30 years. This was something I had never seen before.I immediately stopped riding my bike and pointed the object out to my wife.
We observed the silent orange orb going above the tree line to our right for about 5 minutes. I wondered if it could be a Chinese lantern but it was a very calm night and this object covered the sky at about a similar time frame as a satellite or plane.It never seemed to alter its path and eventually went behind the tree tops on its way towards the south basin of Lake Winnipeg heading in a northwest direction.
I felt a little startled and very curious. Even my wife who is a skeptic felt this was an unusual sight. There were no blinking lights,just a solid orange ball of light.Really hard to say how big or far away it was although my gut feeling was that it was within 1-2 miles from us. It was a clear night so hard to say what the elevation was maybe 5-10 000 feet?
NOTE:I apologize for not reporting this sooner but didn't know who to tell. I was listening to Coast to Coast last night and had a person on from MUFON. They mentioned your organization as a place to report unusual sightings.
