{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-10-26 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292189","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111135","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4180,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/189/mufon-5292189.json","updb_database_id":5292189}
UFO's Follow and Change Shape Over Nebraska

I was sitting on my deck facing toward the SSE looking at a cloudless sky I noticed an Aircraft (AC) coming from the West heading to the East (my location in the city is in the flight path of Airport hubs from the general directions of West and East). The AC was at an approximate height of 30,000 to 33,000 thousand feet and I could tell it was a two engine jet. The AC looked like a passenger plane of the Boeing 737 type. There was nothing unusual about this AC until it got almost directly overhead of me. I then saw a little bluish-white light (Org) come from the South at a rapid rate of speed and stop directly behind the AC. I say a rapid rate of speed meaning something on the scale of 5 - 6 times faster than the AC. This bluish-white light followed the AC for about 20 seconds and afterward then took off to the ESE. The AC didn't do any turns or diversions of any type and continued on the flight path to the East.
 After approximately 6 minutes after the AC disappeared to the East another AC appeared on a flight path to the West and again this had two jet engines and I don't know what type or model of AC it was. As the AC got overhead a bluish-white light came out of the ESE, from the same direction the light had sped off too after the first observation, at an very rapid rate of speed. Again the speed was 5 - 6 times the speed of the AC. The light followed the AC for 10 - 20 seconds and then sped off to the South at the same very rapid rate of speed. The AC continued on the flight path with no diversions or changes in the flight path until finally disappearing in the distance to the West..
 After the 2nd AC, which was approximately 5 minutes, another AC came out of the West and this AC had four jet engines. I watched this AC as it got overhead and just slightly pass me to the East suddenly a bluish-white appeared again following the AC. But, this time I didn't see the light approaching from any direction. The light just appeared right behind the AC! It seemed like the light followed the AC for 20 seconds when I noticed another bluish-white light come out of the West at a speed approximately 7 - 8 times the speed of the AC and stop directly behind the first bluish-white light. Both bluish-white lights followed the AC to East for another 7 - 8 seconds which then the first bluish-white light changed to a different shape and color! The light changed to an six sided octagon shape which I could see the outlines of the shape with a dull gray color. Within the octagon shape shape were six - eight circle shaped yellow lights. After 3 - 5 seconds both octagon shaped lights flew off in formation to the North at a speed four times the speed of the AC. These octagon shaped lights did not make any known slight curve or slow flight path change but was a direct change of direction to the North. When the objects flew off to the North I could see them through the trees until disappearing from sight.
 I was in the Army for four years and then joined the Air Force and retired from the Air Force after fourteen and one-half years. So a total of 18 and one-half years in military service. I have seen many types of military and civilian aircraft including the B-1, B-2 and F-117 bombers. I have also seen the newest fighter jets the F-22 and F-35 and the C-117 cargo aircraft. So, I'm familiar with military aircraft types. I'm familiar with seeing civilian passenger and private aircraft including their navigational lights. Never have I seen just a bluish-white light in a circlish shape nor an octagon shape!
