{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-01 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498189","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61060","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2999,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/189/mufon-5498189.json","updb_database_id":5498189}
{dr}horizontal spherical oval

It was late night or early morning, the time when everyone's supposed to be asleep. I don't remember if I fell asleep or not. All I recall is waking up and going outside knowing of where I was going. When I went out side their ship was already landed and parked in-front of my house. Then there was maybe about 2 of them escorting me inside, one on my left and one on my right. As I was going towards their ship, I noticed that I was floating as if i'm floating through a tunnel. When we get inside it looks nothing like how you'd think it looked from the outside. It was so huge like it was a corporation. Everything inside the ship was white, and it was controlled by them just touching it. For example, they put their hand on a spot and their hands just melt in. There was a lot of them. There were young aliens and older one's too ofcourse. When they saw me at the moment I came inside, they were very welcoming, I felt like I was family. We'd just look at each other though, only communicating telepathically. I had the biggest smile ever, I was so excited. They gave me a little tour around, showed me a little about how they operate their ship. There was a door, but they didn't bring me inside. It was the room that had all the babies that were still developing. I don't really remember the 2 rooms they actually brought me in and toured me. Then there was the last room. It had the silver metal table for like operating, so I just lied down. The only bad thing was that the table was cold. As I was laying there, there was 4 of them just prickling idk what they were doing though. Then the one that was standing on my right hand side said that I needed to calm down (fyi I was so excited and trying to hold it in that I could barely control my breathing). I grabbed his hand, braced it and said (telepathically) "okay, but only if you don't let me forget this experience." He happily agreed. I let him go, took a couple deep breaths then everything went black. I didn't remember until a day or two later so I examined myself where they were prickling and found a white horizontal scar that was about 4 millimeters thick. It was never there before. It felt like a bruise with a slight burning sensation. There was another one that looked almost exactly the same but only a centimeter long under the other side of my belly with the same bruising slightly burning sensation.
