{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490470","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69114","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3127,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/470/mufon-5490470.json","updb_database_id":5490470}
Possible Abduction

Addy is 10 years of age. 
Prior days leading up to the 5th August the home lost electricity a few times.  
The morning of 6th August, Addey didn't want to get out of bed or couldn't get out of bed and go to school, this is not normal. She was tired and felt different kind of tiredness, groggy. 
I noticed strange marks on her upper arm and shoulder joint area, as per photos, she did not go to bed with them but woke up with them. 
The marks are unusual and not a bruise, they are line markings with 90 degree angles. 
Addey does not know how she got them.
She feels and thinks she was abducted by Aliens.
She does not remember physical Aliens nor any craft. 
She has a strong compulsive feeling deep within her soul which strengthened within 30 hours after the event.
I contacted the wonderful lady at MUFON Australia who spoke with me and asked many questions and Addey was freakin' out, listening to the conversation, with the questions as she could answer them and had related and connected to the questions in a positive way. 
A wonderful experience to talk to a person about my child who listened and understood exactly what Addey was saying, a relief for a little girl in distress.
Addey did not have any blood on her pillow or bedsheets. 
Another Key point the MUFON lady said is of high interest is She did have a blister like wound on her finger and when I pricked it a small black hard black metal object around 1 to 2mm was taken out, wiped off in tissue and discarded, without a thought of any abduction at that time. 
She has difficulty most nights and during falling asleep.
She is not on any medication, she is healthy young schoolgirl.

A Aunty has unexplained scoop marks from childhood, another family member lost time with watches stopping and most of the family has connection with 'strong feeling telepathy' and dreams come true.  
All have seen unexplained phenomena from a early age.  

We have never submitted a report to MUFON before, this is our first on recommendations of the kind lady at MUFON Australia. Sherylee said MUFON is not just about UFO reporting, MUFON also takes reports on Alien Abduction and Strange Phenomena.

I take this moment to Thank MUFON for our amazing conversation - here is the report you ask me for.
