{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-07-17 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283470","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119968","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2278,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/470/mufon-5283470.json","updb_database_id":5283470}
A friend and I seen a large hovering ship with multiple bright lights.

During the summer I hung out by my friends house playing SAGA CD. I had my saga and he only had the cd attachment so I used to walk over to his house frequently with my dog and my SAGA. One afternoon his mother didn't want us on the game but I still went over to chit chat with my friends on the front porch. He lives up the hill so while we was talking we was also looking at the basketball game going on down on the court. Then while talking we felt like we was being blinded . At first I thought it might have been the court lights , but when we looked up above the hill top there was a ship there hovering like it was watching the game also. We couldn't take our eyes off of the ship. Then after it felt like it knew we was seeing it, it then rotated clockwise until the lights was out of view then at the same time something ran away from us my dog started barking at it and in the few seconds that I looked down then back to the ship it was no longer there. The next day I waited for it to get dark to go up high where the sky is clear to look for ufo in the night sky moving threw space. I told my friends near me what happened and what I was planning to do and they laughed and asked me to prove it, so I invited them to come with me. They came laughing and joking on me while we walked where I wanted to go. I figured that if they came from space and space is so big that we should see objects moving in space. We'll they laughed until we seen a Lot of activity up there that was not normal behavior. We all seen things chasing each other, fast z and u turns. And there's more that happened though out the years.
