{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-12-01 19:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469470","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91051","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2970,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/470/mufon-5469470.json","updb_database_id":5469470}
{td} 5 large red/orange lights in triangle shape traveled from west to east over Islamorada, FL. Object was very large craft.

I was working as a law enforcement officer on a late case on 12/01/2012 at approximately 1912 hours, I left the scene of the call I was on and headed southbound on US-1 toward my home city of Marathon. It was the end of my shift and I was heading home for the day. Since it was in December, it was dark at this time of the day. As I approached the Whale Harbor Bridge at mile marker 84, I observed a red/orange, pulsating light in the sky to my right. I thought it might be a military flare and continued to watch it. The light remained at a constant altitude and as I got closer, it appeared much larger than I originally thought. In fact the light appeared to be about the same size as my patrol car. As I continued south on US-1, I noticed other identical lights (5 total) that I would discover were in an inverted "V" or triangle shape. The craft was approximately one half mile from point to point of the inverted "V". The craft was dark in color and I was unable to distinguish any details of the surface. I heard no sound emitting from the object. I estimated the altitude of the craft/object to be approximately 1000 to 1500 feet and constant. It was moving at a slow pace of an estimated 30 - 50 MPH toward the east (Atlantic Ocean). When I reached mile marker 79 on US-1, I looked back toward the north and observed the object over the near shore waters of the Atlantic Ocean offshore of Islamorada. I could now clearly see the invented "V" shape of the object and confirmed my size estimation of a half mile. I continued southbound and lost sight of the object. I was amazed at the sight of the object and dumbfounded as to what it was. I continue to wonder about the sighting to this day. The next day, I mentioned the sighting to my Captain. He told me that one of the City Councilman had called him about a similar sighting that occurred a few days to a week before my sighting. I searched the internet to see if anyone in the area made a report of my sighting and was unable to find any at the time/location of my sighting. I'm filing this report to help with the search to find the true explanation of this phenomenon. At the time of the sighting, I had over 17 years of law enforcement experience. I now have 23 years of experience.
