{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1991-10-08 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5472470","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"87944","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3305,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/470/mufon-5472470.json","updb_database_id":5472470}
{jpg} Steady Blue Light, Moving Orange Orb, Wind and Rain.

I was awakened by a driving wind storm against my bedroom window on approximately October 8, 1991. As i listened to the the wind and the rain beat against the window wondering why such a storm was occurring both the wind and the rain stopped abruptly. Suddenly a beautiful blue light appeared. I can't adequately describe the color except that it was soft, enormously beautiful & my perception was it was emanating from above my house. At that point I never saw anything except the blue light. I got up and walked to the window in an attempt to see what was causing the light. As I stood there looking, about 500 feet away an orange Orb suddenly appeared. It was small about 6 to 10 feet in diameter. I thought an "telephone" pole electricity transformer had exploded. The Orb was hovering (not moving). In a few seconds it began to very slowly rise from approximately 30 feet to 50 feet. After a few seconds, the Orb began to elongate and travel from where it was toward my house. It was approximately a 4 to 6 foot wide "river" of smooth orange plasma about a 18 inches thick with rounded edges. It traveled from it's elevation down toward ground level and my house.  My perception and best description is it flowed more than being projected toward me. It flowed at a measured pace I estimate to have been about 20 miles an hour but not like a flash. I was not fearful only curious and puzzled. As I continued to watch, the leading edge of the plasma flow reached the edge of the blue light and both the orb and the light vanished in an instant. There was no flash or explosion. They just vanished as inexplicably as they appeared.  I was shocked, dumbfounded and enormously astonished. I went to wake my wife who had a cold and was sleeping in a bedroom across the hall. She was up and drowsy asking me what were "all the lights". 

I have been curious about this and a couple of other very odd events that occurred over the next 30 days or so. I've only told members of my family because I didn't want to be thought of as a kook of some sort. Although I believe there must be a logical answer to this event I cannot explain what it was I witnessed. There are large electric transmission towers within a half mile. Although they are not located in the direction of the light or the Orb my best guess this event had something to do with those towers and the electricity they carry.

I'ver never had anything like this occur since 1991. It's helpful to finally write it down. This occurred in a residential area East of Seattle. It would be very interesting to know if there was any other odd experiences recorded in this area in October of 1991.
