{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-04 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517470","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40434","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3062,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/470/mufon-5517470.json","updb_database_id":5517470}
{ck} WATCHED FUZZY ORANGE SLIGHTLY OBLONG GLOWING OBJECT TRAVEL SLOWLY THROUGH THE NIGHT SKY FROM A SW TO NE DIRECTION , NO SOUND,NO FLASHING LIGHTS.    Y FROM A

Location:Pawtucket, Rhode Island
  On July 4. 2012 at 9:30 pm I was in the backyard of my girlfriends 
house attempting to view some of the neighborhood fireworks through the
spaces between the trees and houses. I was successful to a small degree
and witnessed the burst of a few small aerial fireworks.
  
  While I was waiting and watching for more,I noticed a short orange line
emerge from behind a distant tree top. My first thought was " WOW..that`s 
one big rocket and it`s going to make one hell of a bang !". However, it
never exploded.Instead, it continued to travel in what appeared to be an
upward direction and then I noticed it was traveling toward me. I watched
the slightly oblong orange glow intently as it traveled slowly across the  sky under a thin cloud cover. I squinted to try and get a better look at it to see if I could make out any type of form inside the orange glow,but all I could see was the orange glow itself.

  There was no sound that I could detect and there were no white,green or red flashing lights that would have indicated to me that it was a jetliner
or other normal aircraft. If I did detect any of these things, I would have thought it was an aircraft on fire and doomed to crash any minute.
  If I had to guess, I would say it was at about 5K feet and it traveled  from the SW to the NE and was moving at the pace of a passenger jet. I  lost sight of the object when it passed behind a neighboring house. It  never changed direction or altitude, just sailed along as if it belonged  there. I`ve seen meteors,large and small and have watched satellites,even the space shuttle fly by,but it`s the first time I`ve ever seen anything like I have described. I wanted to call out to have someone witness it with me, but I figured there was no one within earshot and had I thought of it, I could have gone 25ft to my truck to get my binoculars. I was just too engrossed in the moment and didn`t want to miss any of it.
 
As a passing note, there is an airport near by ( T.F.Green (PVD) ), the orange glow was traveling in a direction AWAY from the airport. In fact, about 20 minutes later, a passenger jet flew over in a similar direction,but towards the airport and there was no mistaking the lights,shape, and sound to identify it as a jet aircraft.
