{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-23 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484470","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75360","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2775,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/470/mufon-5484470.json","updb_database_id":5484470}
Hovered above me for a minute i had lost 30 minutes i cant account for.

First off I would like to say that I know by what I was doing at the time probably makes my the type of witness that you would probably look down on but please here me out I have avoided talking about this to people because I fear they may deem me crazy. I think I was taken 30 minutes of time was lost.

1. I waited until my girlfriend at the time fell asleep so I could smoke a joint outside ( this is why I never told this story because I were doing something illegal ). It was outside when I saw the ufo and wasn't actually stoned at this point had only just lit the thing and had 2 pulls of it.

2. Before I went downstairs I noticed there were 6 planes queuing to land at the airport through the roof window approx 10 miles away. I found this odd it's rare to see so many planes going around in a circle but what I saw next made a lot of sense as to why. So I quickly rolled this thing go outside close the door quietly not to wake anyone up light it started looking at the planes and then I noticed the ufo out the right side of my vision. The planes were 10 miles away directly in front of me.

3. At first I thought it to be another plane, but at a second look this was no plane.

4. The ufo was hovering making a slight humming noise above me it's like it knew I was there it was matte black with yellow green lights just before each point, it stuck out because the sky was not completely black but the light on this ufo were not highly bright either.

5. I was in disbelief but not scared I tried to take a photo but I couldn't move my arms it's like I had a hold of me I just could not move at all. 

6. I can't remember losing sight I had lost 30 minutes that I cannot account for also I had moved position from when I had first seen the ufo by a meter what I had just started smoking had gone out to .I checked for heat from the joint and it was like it had been out a long time.

The photo attached to this testimony is taken from the internet because of ( read point 5 )
