{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-23 22:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290470","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112877","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2821,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/470/mufon-5290470.json","updb_database_id":5290470}
What looked like air lane traffic turned unlike airplanes

At 10:30 PM my roomate watched what looked like an airliner in air lanes, when he watched it turn directions with a very odd way of turning the way one would not imagine a plane turning. About 5 minnutes later, I went outside when I saw what seems to be from the description: the same object, in a very similar place. What we both thought was fairly large, as if bigger than airliner, with large, very cool white lights at either end, nothing else and nothing blinking.This time it turned in another direction. I ran and got binoculars and got a pretty good look just as this thing decsended below the horizon. It was nothing but two very cold white lights. From what I saw in the binoculars made me think the lights were something bigger than what we would be used to. At 11:40 PM, we were still out watching strange air traffic that seemed to come out and check out the sector of air-space. We both saw a craft approaching from what see thought was normal air lanes. I did not have the binoculars looking at this one until it was passing beyond our location. Just as I got the binoculars on this one, it did a smooth, yet dramatic change of direction, very close to where i saw first the first craft just over an hour before. My roommate reported seeing a red light was behind this craft, like it was being towed behind. we both saw what looked like a jetliner shape to the lights, but as it passed, there were very few rear lights that always are present when regular jetliners pass by. I saw this craft briefly in binoculars, and I thought the one red light was looking very out of place for a jetliner. Very soon after this craft passed, turned and disappeared over the horizon, it was followed by what looked like a regular helicopter that looked like it was chasing what had just passed. we were able to watch this helicopter for a couple minutes more. Other, out of ordinary air traffic activity seemed to be attracted to this sector. We both sensed something strange before the appearance of the second craft. We also both report that the time between the first and second craft DID NOT feel like the hour and five minutes that the clock said it had been.
