{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-25 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523470","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32480","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4496,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/470/mufon-5523470.json","updb_database_id":5523470}
2 unidentifiable and silent crafts witnessed over North Denver which soon dissapeared completely out of thin air.

Me and my girlfriend were going to her sisters house to meet up and go celebrate their late mothers birthday with a fun night of dancing and sobriety. We were heading up north on Tennyson street from Sloans Lake when we witnessed a bar of lights which looked almost like a big jet liner heading towards us right above the treeline. We both remarked that it looked like it may be crashing since it was so big and so low, and then also noticed that none of the lights were blinking like a normal aircraft would, and remarked that it was all a strange bunch of lights. We came up to the top of the hill at 32nd avenue and the craft cleared the treeline and we saw it in full. Keep in mind it was a completely clear night with no clouds at all so we really got an excellent look at this thing. It was about 70 feet above us flying slowly above the treeline, and consisted of a white set of lights forming a triangle facing forward, and a red set of lights making a triangle facing backwards, thus giving the craft a diamond shape. As we watched it we noticed 4 main points that told us this was no ordinary aircraft: 1. It made absolutely no sound at all. My girlfriends car engine is relatively quiet, was at a complete stop, and we had the windows rolled down so we know for sure it was completely silent. 2. The craft blacked out stars but the lights on it shouldve illuminated or reflected off of the body, but there was no apparent body. Just a black shadow that was at the same shade as the dark in the sky so it was almost impopssible to make out an outline. 3. The lights did not blink. 4. The tail red light shifted with an upward mechanical motion as it flew. Neither of us have ever seen anything like this in our lives, and from years of watching the "ghetto bird" police helicopters tear through the night in our neighborhood, we know there should have been sound, blinking lights, and a noticible body shape/outline reflecting the lights even from hundreds of feet away. So we followed this craft as it flew slowly over the trees and houses changing direction from south to east bound towards Speer/Federal. We follow it for about 5-6 blocks east on 32nd ave where it dissapeared. We continued towards the Speer/Federal intersection as I hung half my body out of the car window (not too safe I wouldnt reccomend it) to see if it double backed behind us, when I saw a 2nd craft. It was much smaller and consisted of spinning/strobing bluish lights all in a tight pattern flying east towards downtown. The whole cluster of lights were at a tilt and my girlfriend saw it in her side mirror since she was driving. She stopped at the Speer and Federal intersection where I pulled back in the car to open the door and get out of the car, to which I witnessed the craft I was just watching fly towards downtown at about 100 feet in the air had also completely dissapeared. Exactly one week later my girlfriend received a report over cell phone from her neighbors friend that there were 30 orange lights over Wheat Ridge. She drove to the area and witnessed one orange orb over 35th and Harlan. It dissapeared in her plain sight as she talked to me on the phone. I rushed to her location and she told me she also saw the same previously witnessed "light bar" only it was further away and flew out of sight. I alas did not see any UFO that night, but I did witness two F-16 fighter jets fly over the area a few minutes after I arrived around 9:30 pm. There were also helicopters circling, but with no searchlights on and they were noticably higher up then the usual "ghetto bird" would have been. Why were F-16s doing fly overs above Wheat Ridge at 9:30pm? What were those low flying, unblinking, silent and seemingly cloaked or dissapearing crafts in our neighborhood? We deserve to know.
