{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-02-24 19:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282470","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120983","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3619,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/470/mufon-5282470.json","updb_database_id":5282470}
Two Lights, one left, three more appeared, started disappearing one by one until all gone, then three reappeared

Driving down the street, saw two bright lights in the sky, initially thought nothing off them. We pulled into the driveway and as I stepped out of the car I took a look where I initially saw the lights. They were still there and they appeared to be wobbling, I initially thought it was atmospheric refraction, until the wobbling turned into slightly larger movements. My girlfriend agreed that they were in fact moving, and it was about that time that another light appeared over the horizon. It was moving towards the other two. I can't recall which ones, but a couple of them started moving up and down a substantial amount. Then another one appeared from the horizon. As the fourth light showed up one of the original two started to leave, it looked as if it was getting further and further away, until we couldn't see it anymore. After that one left another one appeared from the horizon where the other two had come from. The three that came from the horizon formed a horizontal single file line, and the remaining original one was in front and center of the other three. They moved in this formation coming towards us for a short time before they started to disappear one by one, in a very similar fashion as to how the first one left. Roughly forty five seconds after they had disappeared we saw another one coming from the same position the three we had seen approach come from. At this point I asked my girlfriend to go inside and grab her parents. In the short time she was gone another one came from the same spot as the others, and followed the new one. Girlfriend and her parents came outside and they all saw the same thing. After they had come outside a third one appeared in the same spot. There were again three lights in a single file line, however this single file line was perpendicular to the first line we witnessed. Again they seemed to be approaching us, (towards us at the very least, I don't believe they were coming towards us specifically, it is a very dense suburban area and I don't believe they were reacting to our observation of them in any way), until once again they started to disappear one by one. It is also my girlfriends recollection that as they were in a horizontal line with one out front that they were moving forward and backwards, as in towards us directly and further away from us, as they maintained their original course.
