{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-25 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481470","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78542","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3137,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/470/mufon-5481470.json","updb_database_id":5481470}
a pulsating light that descended and apparently became stationary over a tree line

This took placed on Pom Pom Island in the Okavango Delta where I was on vacation.
The night sky was totally clear without noticeable wind blowing. At approximately 2200 hours I noticed a white, sphere or oval shape object moving from the right to the left in the sky. I thought it odd since the object pulsated approx every 3 seconds. It moved in a descending pattern until it abruptly dropped right down toward the delta itself. It continued to pulse. I was trying to figure out what it could be.
I did not see it again until approx 4 seconds later I saw a blazing white light appear above a tree line directly in front of me in the water in the delta. The animal sounds I normally hear at that time ceased. There was no hippo, no baboon, no vervet monkey sounds.
I figure this had to be same light as it continued to pulse. I could not see the actually object itself. It is pitch black in the delta. There are no lights. At night there is nothing out there. No planes, no helicopters, nothing. There was dead silence as this light continued to pulse every 3 seconds. It was stationary above the tree line. 
I am not given to imagination, flights of fancy. I have never had this happen before. I kept watching this light but I felt increasingly uncomfortable though I don't know why.
I knew this was unusual. I was watching from a deck. I was staying in a tent on the island. There are 6 tents in the camp. The tents are well spaced apart. There is nothing but grass, water and trees in the delta along with wild animals.
My camera was inside my tent on my bed. Sounds stupid but I couldn't think straight. I felt dopey and uncomfortable. I watched this pulsing light for approx 8 minutes. I was fixated on it trying to figure it out.
I suddenly thought I should just go to bed and did. While preparing to get into bed I could still see the pulsation from the mesh like covering in the front of the tent. The next day I thought, "what the hell happened?
I realized it was especially weird because I did not think to take a video of this with my camera. Its not like me to not do this. 
I am submitting a photo of the view directly outside the tent where I was staying. The light was above the trees you can see in the photo that are dead center. If anyone can help me understand what I saw I would appreciate it. In between the pulsation it was black.
