{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-05 19:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529470","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26051","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2901,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/470/mufon-5529470.json","updb_database_id":5529470}
I could only see flashing amber colored lights, in a horizontal line.

Myself, my 31 year old daughter and 5 month old baby grandson were headed to Early, Texas which is near Brownwood, Texas. I was the driver and my daughter and baby grandson were in the backseat. As we were traveling through Mullins, Texas I noticed these flashing amber colored lights (the lights were flashing in a line one after the other and flashing horizontally), and I told my daughter to look and as she was trying to look (through the front windshield) the flashing lights disappeared, just about maybe 15 to 30 seconds later I again saw the flashing lights out through my driver's side window, and I told my daughter to look and the second time she did see the flashing lights in the sky. We were still driving through Mullins, Texas at that time, and I continued to keep an eye on the flashing lights and my speed was slower than the speed limit. When I first noticed the flashing lights which did get my attention, I had no idea what my daughter and I were looking at because in my 50 years of life, I have never seen or witnessed this before nor had my daughter of 31 years of life. We had no idea what we were looking at. And I told her, I believe it is a UFO. My reaction was, to be honest, I was afraid. After the flashing stopped maybe after a couple of minutes, I then saw only 2 solid lights (like headlights) and I swear the lights were headed towards us, and I then started to drive faster because I did not want this, whatever it was, over us and I was beginning to feel more afraid. I could still see the 2 solid lights through my driver's side window and then the lights disappeared, it seemed to have "poofed" into thin air. There was no trace of anything as if we were just looking at a clear sky. My daughter and I were very startled! We couldn't see an object because the flashing lights were so bright. I did make sure to look at the clock and it was 7:55pm. I did have a cell phone with a camera, but I was so startled that I didn't even thinking about taking a picture. My daughter did not have her camera with her. I would like to know if anyone else had witnessed this and maybe called this sighting in. My daughter & I would like to know what she & I were looking at. 

Thank you,
*(Wit's name removed--CMS/sg).
