Case No. 1179 01082020

Date: April 4, 2020.

Approximate Time: 9:29 local time.

Weather: Visibility over 10 kilometers and clear.

Season: Autumn.

Witnesses: H. A., 34 years old.
Description: The witness reported having observed and filmed an anomalous aerial phenomenon at 9:29 local time, on April 4, 2018, while on a Jetsmart airline flight shortly after takeoff.
takeoff from Diego Aracena Airport, in the Region of Tarapacá,
which was flying towards La Florida Airport, in La Serena,
Region of Coquimbo.

The witness described the observed phenomenon as white
“that looked like a rocket… going out of this world, about the size
of an airplane, and leaving a short trail.”

Based on the account, the approximate location of the observed
phenomenon was determined after flying for 5 to 16 minutes after
taking off from the Diego Aracena airport.

As for the weather at the time of the sighting, clear skies and
visibility exceeding 10 kilometers were reported.
Those conditions favored that starting from 6,000 feet of altitude
condensation streaks will form, which are produced due to
high temperature of the gases that the turbines expel
reaction aircraft and that cause the condensation of vapor of
water in the atmosphere and the formation of white streaks.
By studying the information contained in the metadata of the file
sent, it was possible to verify that the recording was made on the 4th of
April 2018 at 12:29 UTC.
With that information, the collaboration of an air traffic controller and CEFAA advisor was requested, who sent three radar images from the Santiago Area Control Center to analyze air operations around 12:29 UTC that day in the vicinity of Iquique.

After studying the flight information, it was concluded that what the witness observed corresponded to the condensation trail produced by the engines of an institutional plane that was moving 42 kilometers to the east of the witness's position and at
6,900 feet in altitude.

Images: The witness provided a photograph and a video in MP4 format taken from the cabin of the Jetsmart JA 117 flight.

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the testimony and the images of a photograph and a video sent by the witness, along with air traffic studies, it was concluded that what was reported corresponded to the flight of an institutional plane on an aerovía with a destination to northern Chile.
