{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1963-06-15 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490355","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69237","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3548,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/355/mufon-5490355.json","updb_database_id":5490355}
{cak} a grey sat next to me, in my stalled car , communicated telepathically with me.

i was 17 years old at the time. on my way to pick up my gorgeous little Italian date. when i arrived at her house, out in the orchard area of south jersey, a cousin of hers came to the door and said she would take a rain check on the date because her relatives came in and she would be spending some time with them. so , i left there and drove towards the local diner, in my neck of the woods, { a local hangout }.the road was long and straight with not to many houses on it for miles. im cruising along in my 1956 Chevy convertible when it started to miss.it quickly shut off completely. the radio., and parking lights , and dash lights all went off. i put my tyranny in neutral, and coasted to a stop. i just stayed in my lane because there was no traffic at all. never was any cars on that road. i checked my gas gauge cause i thought i could be out of gas, then i remembered i had just put 3 dollars worth of gas in it and, to this day before heading out to pick up my date.that was around 9 gallons of gas in them days. that's when i experienced the worst case of fear that i have ever had, to this day.i was looking straight ahead , with both hands on the steering wheel, and i felt that someplace to facing was sitting next to me in the front seat. i was frozen with fear, all i could do was slowly turn my head to look.i was shaking so bad, but could not move. with my head turned to face the little entity sitting next to me, i saw a small little , what looked to be a chilave an understanding, looking right at me. and at that moment the fear was replaced with a calmness , that was unlike i had ever known. it was an off white, almost gaseous looking little thing.its head was barely as high as the back of the seat, and its legs stuck straight out just over the end of the seat. it was very small.by this time , i am completely calm. it then spoke to me without saying a word. in my mind i heard, don't be afraid . at that time i noticed an expression on its face of a mother looking at her child.we stared at each other for a few minutes, and my mind was on fire with information on many different levels.to fast for me to separate, and focus on any one thing.and then it started to fade , the more transparent it got, the feaat i shouldn't started to settle in on me again. suddenly i was able to move.just as it was almost completely gone, my dash lights came back on. i looked again and it was gone. scared again, i hit the starter and the car came to life. i put it in gear, and peeled the tires off of it and flew out to the diner. took about 15 more minutes .a couple of my friends were there, but i didn't mention the experience to them.that was over 50 years ago and ive not told anybody, except for my wife of 48 years, who wouldn't believe even if it had happened to her.since then i seemed to have an understanding of things that i shouldn't.
