{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-18 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287355","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116021","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3135,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/355/mufon-5287355.json","updb_database_id":5287355}
Color changing cigar shaped UFO spotted in San Fernando Valley

It was in the middle of April when my friend and I were hanging outside in our backyard when he noticed in the sky something flying around at approximately 9 PM in the San Fernando Valley, Pacoima area of Los Angeles. The object was flying around aggressively in all different directions like an insect turning from a bright red-orange to white periodically. It had a flight pattern unlike anything of this planet. It was capable of flying from one part of the valley to another in just a matter of a few milliseconds. I ran inside to get my mother to see it. The next day around 8 PM it returned, only this time it returned with a bright emerald deep green color emitting from the front of the craft and was flying much slower than it did the previous day. The object slowly flew over to our house, specifically the garage area and hovered over it for a good five minutes. It was at this point I was able to get a good look at what this thing was, an object of cigar shape and I could even see a row of black windows on the sides of it. It was just a little over 500 feet above us or perhaps less, about the same height as a helicopter flying at the highest altitude. It would periodically turn off it's bright green color and back on again and for a brief moment change to a purple-violet color. When it wasn't showing it's lights, the craft itself was solid white and the windows were black. As it hovered above us, it seemed as if it were observing us. I tried to record footage of it with my Go Pro Hero 9 but it didn't come out right due to low lighting. However, my friend did manage to record footage off his iPhone during the first encounter while it was far away. About over a month later, my mother saw it again while in the backyard only in broad daylight and very briefly and from a far away distance. The object was cigar or cylindrical shaped and had two light sources. A smaller light source on the tail of it and a much larger round light source in front that would change from orange, to green to even purple all simultaneously. It was non aerodynamic and would rotate while hovering and travel at immense speeds faster than any plane or helicopter. It made absolutely no sound. The second time it appeared it seemed as if it were coming from the moon. The video footage shows the bright craft flying behind the power lines from a distance on the top right.
