{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1964-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493355","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66160","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3605,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/355/mufon-5493355.json","updb_database_id":5493355}
{jpg} several diffrent accounts after talking to investigator. I realized many of the terrifying experiences I previously believed were spiritual my have been alien in origin. I have nevered disussed this except with family who has had similar experiences

I could not possibly cover everything. Let me give u a backround. I was raised in a nursing home Parkway Rest Home.My Mother worked for my father who owned it. Strange things occured in this old victorian house. My issues began at five. Recurring dreams of men in black suits..eye in the corner of my room. Orbs in the Nursing home . Mom would go into trances and speak in other languages trying to keep somethings away from me..astral projection was normal for her. I would wake up with black and blue marks. Dogs when in the apartment would have hair raised barking at something no one can see. Dreams began to come true. Shadows moving feeling of cold hair rising on neck..feeling someone sit on the bed,but no one is seen...(that happensvall the time even now)
Patients in the nursing home talking about lights telling them to follow, them. When i had my first child i saw an orb hovering over his crib (I thought it was his father because he died before he was born)..it stayed for a while then disappeared. When i was pregnant with my daughter I saw an orb.coming down the stairs ..it did not shine in anything the light stayed inside. It stayed long enough for me to take a good look at I did not know i was pregnant when this happened..My mother often said she would go into space and when her siblings found her they would have to shake her for a response. She would always be under a tree. My mother also did what i know now...is automatic writing,speaking to the dead who would tell her true events which would actually take place. She also astral project. She has seen things happen to me that i did not tell her about..such as when I was almost killed twice.. She also would speak in other languages and not remember when it was over..My Grandmother also did that but she could heal people. In my dreams I received a guide to assist me in dealing with the stressful and unusual dreams. They show me things I later look up or come across information about things..fear left.. i have dreamed people who have told me they were going to die before they actually did die. Including my Father and my sons Father...I draw what I see in my sleep. SometimesI know I have really been some where. When i was four and up I always told my Mom I want to go home..she would say you are home ...I would tell her this is not our home. My daughter also..she would always want me to pick her up and take her outside at night so she could point at the sky...later. is it apiritual or alien..Many more experiences...would like to speak in person with someone. I work in a profession where this kind of discussion will get you relieved of duty.. but I would like an explanation...My Mother has had visions dreams and premonitions that have come true very often...
