{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-29 19:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522355","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33715","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2985,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/355/mufon-5522355.json","updb_database_id":5522355}
Fireball like object moving south to north over eastern/central Lakewood.

I was at my brothers house, in his driveway working on his Volkswagen. At about 7:20pm he went inside to look for some hardware we needed. At that time I was having a cigarette looking south and watching the planes come in to land at Cleveland Hopkins International Airport. Almost every plane that flies in and out of Cleveland flies right over parts of Lakewood; Ive lived in Lakewood my entire life (31 yrs). There was a descending commercial plane coming from the northeast, and was moving southwest very low (as is usual) at roughly 7:27pm. That is when I noticed this fireball looking object coming from the south moving north, which looked as if it was crossing in front of the flight path of the descending airplane. After maybe 20 seconds, I realized this was extremely unusual. So, I started yelling for my brother to come out and take a look. He hurried out of the house and stood right next to me. I pointed to the object in the sky and said to him "You see that? Does that look like a plane to you?1 He agreed with me that it was DEFINITELY not a plane. At that moment, I called my girlfriend to see if she could see it from her place since she lives right near the lake, but she was not home at the time. The object moved from south to north in a pretty straight path, it was below the cloud cover, and it made no sound whatsoever. I witnessed it from the southern edge of Lakewood and my brother and I watched it move in the sky until it was not visible anymore; which was somewhere over Lake Erie. It took roughly 2 minutes for it to make that path. I definitely know the difference between airplanes (commercial, small craft, and military) and helicopters. This was 110 percent NOT any of these. It was not a meteor as it moved too slowly. It was definitely under intelligent control. 
Here is something interesting too1 about 3 or 4 weeks ago, the local news reported the times when you can view the International Space Station in the sky. My other brothers1 friend went outside at that time to check it out. He was with a friend of his, and he said that after looking in the sky for a while he saw an orange fireball below the cloud line moving from south to north, making no sound over the same city. I believe what my brother and I saw is the same UFO my brother1s friend had seen weeks earlier. Amazing!
