{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-07 21:53:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489355","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70271","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2937,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/355/mufon-5489355.json","updb_database_id":5489355}
flashing orb stationery then performing crazy manouvres at speed but in same place in sky for around a few hours

Our kitchen has glass windows and doors all around giving panoramic view of sky. When mum turned out kitchen light, noticed a flashing orb in sky some distance away over the top of the treetops in our garden. About an hour or so later, mum went back into kitchen and before switching the lights on noticed the flashing orb was still there in more or less the same place in the sky. Mum called me into the kitchen to come take a look. I went and grabbed my little hand held HD videocam to see if I could manage to capture a bit of it on film. Sky was very dark and footage not great as camera not a powerful one and I had it on full zoom so couldn't get a closer look. The manoeuvres, the speed of the manoeuvres and the way, in which it was shooting in all different directions in one area in the sky was not like anything we had ever seen and it was there in totality for some hours in the same area. The coloured lights around the outside seemed to flash different colours, red was recognisable other colours a little more difficult to distinguish. The sky although almost black became cloudy as the moonlight also disappeared behind the clouds and that's when we lost sight of it after some time. Really felt like we were watching something we had never seen before and by the way it was behaving and the duration of time, not something we felt that could have been a 'normal' recognisable terrestrial craft. As both mum and I stood watching it, we wondered if anyone else could see it too? It was mesmerising and bewildering to watch. When I plugged the camera into my laptop to see what if any footage of it we managed to capture, was a little disappointed due to the fact that I was unable to zoom up on it more than I was able to, but you can just about see it. We really hope someone with better technology than we have is able to make more sense of it. It could well be something rational and explicable, but we are not sure and thought you guys may be able to shed more light on it. We have never seen it before and have not seen it since.
