{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-25 23:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514355","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43869","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2649,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/355/mufon-5514355.json","updb_database_id":5514355}
(GS) Night time photography, discovered anomaly in post processing.

1. It was around 10:30 pm when I went outside to go down to the local dock on the intracoastal to do some night time photography. I was shooting the reflection of the buildings across the body of water.

2. I first noticed the lights in post processing. In one of the images I discovered this cluster of lights. I would have written it of as stars if I wouldnt have gotten a second picture less than a minute after the first one shooting at a slightly different direction. Both these images were taken from the same location, I didn't move my tripod, and they were shot with a 50mm f1.4 which does not have any zoom therefor there is no alteration in appearance.

3. At first I tried to decide if it was a plane or helicopter. In the past I had done night time long exposure in which I would take pictures over a 20 to 30 seconds period and I would get planes displayed in the results as multiple lights in a line that would repeat themselves. This was taken in 0.8 sec which would not allow the plane to move as far. Then in the second image one of the lights is moving or accelerating at enormous speeds considering this image had been taken in 0.8 seconds. 

4. I have no information on that. All my conclusions are drawn from the images.

5. I am not arrogant enough to believe that we are the only intelligent beings out there, and having shot my own proof not having to rely on other peoples material that may or may not be fake, made me feel glad to know it to be true. I didn't feel the need to share it but after watching MUFON investigation on the Destination America channel, they were encouraging to share any information on UFOs, that is when I dug out the picture and send it off. The only alteration I made on the images is to higher the exposure and increase sharpness, to make the lights more visible. If required I do have the RAW files as well.

6. N/A
