{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-17 05:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452761","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108875","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2446,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/761/mufon-5452761.json","updb_database_id":5452761}
20+ lights over a 15 minute period travelling at the same speed and direction

At 5:35 in the morning (Woke up, checked the time - 5:23 am, made coffee and went outside for a cigarette so approximately 5:35 am ), over tarpon springs Florida, I first observed a light moving from SSW to NNE. AT first I thought an Airplane, but the absence of sound made me take a closer look. Then I notice that there were 2 more lights moving at the same speed and in exactly the same direction along with the first light, forming an isosceles triangle. I followed it until it disappeared. At that point I scanned the sky and in the same location where I first observed the first light, another set of triangular lights moving , what I perceived as, the same direction at about the same speed. At this point I went in to wake my wife so she could confirm my sighting. As I can outside I explained what I saw and within seconds she found a similar set of lights in the same formation , travelling the exact same path. We observed about 3 or fur more. after which we went inside and I pulled up Flightradar24.com to confirm there were no airplanes or project LOON balloons flying over. After that I went to several Satellite tracking sites to see if maybe they were satellites. Except for one (GPS26 whose track was about 500 miles west of us over western point of Cuba and by comparing the speed it was travelling , even if it was visible would be ruled out) all satellites on the map were orbiting on an opposite track (SW to NE)  As far as speed, the lights traveled the visible sky in about a minute and were observed at an elevation of about 75 to 80. Each set of lights being observed traveling the same exact path. After this I went outside again to see if I could find more but dawn's light prevented me from seeing any other then the brightest celestial bodies.
