{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-06-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493761","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65743","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2841,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/761/mufon-5493761.json","updb_database_id":5493761}
{rjl} A UFO was observed, military helicopters chased as if to intercept.

In 1974 my older brother, two of our cousins and I were playing in the backyard of the house my parents had built and we had just moved into a short time earlier. I don't remember the time of year but it was dark out and not cold but I don't remember it being hot either. I don't remember who saw it first, but all 4 of us saw an orange, cigar shaped object. It was flying about tree top high but was probably several miles from where we were. It made a low humming noise. My parents, aunt & uncle were inside playing cards. The window was open and we were begging them to come outside and look but they did not. While we were watching the UFO move from west to east, we began to hear military type helicopters coming from the northwest and they flew directly over our heads. I don't remember if I actually saw the helicopters or counted them, but there were several. They were all headed toward the object and the UFO and helicopters went out of our line of sight. I knew these were military helicopters by the sound, they were very loud like the type with two rotators on them. That type and regular helicopters passed overhead often and I always believed they were traveling between the US Air Force base in Little Rock, AR and the base that was then located outside Blytheville, AR, that is now closed.
I was about 11 years old when this happened, I am now 51 years old. Several years ago my family and I went to visit my aunt, uncle and cousins who now live several hours away. I asked each of my cousins separately if they remembered it and they did. They did not hesitate at all so I know that what we saw was a very vivid memory for us all. They each remembered the humming noise which I had only just remembered shortly before I saw them. My older brother also remembers. all 4 of us remember the exact same details so I know it was real.
I have wanted to know if anyone else in Bono or Jonesboro saw anything that night, but no one seemed to believe us so we just didn't talk about it.
Thank you for letting me finally share my story. I know it's not the most exciting story out there but with the military helicopters chasing it I believe it is an important story.
