{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487761","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71917","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4099,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/761/mufon-5487761.json","updb_database_id":5487761}
{jpg} Only have my pictures was not close enough for anything else

All I can say is me an friend Randy went out to a place to take night shots as I like to. For some reason I always get something in my shots. As I did this night. The only thing I actually saw was a huge bright white circular light up by the mountain top of cabbage Hill an I had seen this light before. It looked as though it was getting bigger an bigger as it come closer to earth then just stayed the same for a short time then just seemed to glide away from earth at a steady pace. It never zoomed away but just at a cruising pace if this make sense. I just snapped some pictures of the dark sky an towards that light an this is what I got. I have several other pictures of different lights in the sky some of orbs an I believe UfO Oh my gosh I have so many. I have taken through the years an showed my friends an have even sent some in but I never heard back from anyone so I just blew it off. As I never really cared who believed me or not I have always got to see what I wanted to see an didn't care who believed me or not. lol I have also up close seen one fly over the top of me while in hot tub an years later I was watching Discovery channel I think an they had mentioned it on there that people had seen this same UFO. It was back when we had that huge disaster I think in 2004 or 2005 when thousands of people died from a tsunami I think it was. That was a fin nominal night for me to see this thing it was like it had reflector panels all over it an it was reflecting the orange street lights, very huge an was moving extreamlly slow across the sky. I believe that's why we cannot see them at night most of the time is because they reflect the color of the night sky. Anyway here are also some other pictures I have taken at different times. Ignore the date on them as I have put them on discs at different times also my camera date is wrong. My pictures are slowly all disappearing as someone is getting them some how an making them go by by. Please not most of the time I cannot see anything until I get home an look at my pictures. Also there are pics of Comet Ison night you need to move up close to see what I see. Most all of them you need to move up close. Hope you like my photo's If you do please let me know as my friend has one that cannot be explained if is an actual up close snapshot of one with detail. Sorry could only fit the ones up by cabbage hill
