{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-01 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518761","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38241","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4033,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/761/mufon-5518761.json","updb_database_id":5518761}
Single Object Hovering Silently with Lights in a Triangle Formation at 1:30am on 4/1/12

1) I was driving from Tyler, Tx. to Sulphur Springs, Tx. early in the morning to pick up a work associate so that he could be back in Tyler for his wife who was in the hospital about to deliver their baby. I had recently driven through Quitman, Tx. headed north toward Sulphur Springs on HWY 154. Also, I had just driven on a bridge over a lake. Between 1:30am and 2:00am my car started to jerk and I thought that I might have a problem with my cars transmission. I turned off the radio in an attempt to hear any noises that might be coming from the car. Seconds later, the cars engine and electronics just stopped working. I maneuvered my car toward the side of the road as best I could. I picked up my cell phone to call my wife to tell her what had happened and immediately noticed that my phone was dead as well. I got out of the car to see if I could smell anything from a possible leak. As I was walking around the front of the car to lift the hood I noticed the lights. The object was positioned over an empty field. I noticed an old barn to the its right about 200ft away. It took me a few seconds just to get my bearings because I didn't know, and still don't, what I was looking at.
 
2) The lights from the object are what drew my attention. The lights were not intensely bright. They didn't flicker, or pulse.

3) When I first noticed the object I had no idea what I was looking at. It took a few moments for my mind to comprehend something this unusual. I realized that I was not looking at a plane, helicopter, or balloon. 

4) The object was disk shaped and easily over 30ft in diameter. It was curved at the top and again at the bottom where the light was emanating from. There were spines jutting outwardly, upward and at an angle. I do not know how many there were. The top was very dark as well as the underside where the lights were. The lights looked like they were in a triangle arrangement and positioned outwardly from the center.
At first, the object was just hovering with no motion or movement. After maybe 10 minutes, the object began rotating in place. After a few more minutes, the object flipped so that the top was facing the ground and the lights disappeared. The object then moved away from my position at a slow rate of speed until the trees blocked my view. Thinking that this event may have been the reason my car died, I got back in, turned the key, and the car started. I pushed the button on my iphone and it started working as well. I immediately called my wife to tell her what I had seen. She did not believe my story.

5) Once I realized what the object wasnt, I was very excited. I hadnt ever had an experience like this and frankly didn't really believe; not even a little bit. Im a realist and not into fantasy. My reaction was one of amazement. For the most part I just stood silently and watched as much as I could for as long as I could. At the end I felt like it was a very unique experience that damn few people really get. I was not scared. I felt no sense of danger. When the event was over, I was disappointed that there was no one else to share the experience and that I had no way prove what I had seen.

6) I lost sight of the object as it moved away from me and it was blocked by the treeline.
