{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1974-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501761","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57276","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2719,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/761/mufon-5501761.json","updb_database_id":5501761}
circular, dull greyish body, multiple 'windows', red, white, green stready lights, slow smooth path, huge in size, totally silent.

I was at my summer job on my break. I was sitting in an open window having lunch (it was summer and very hot and there was no air con in the factory). My fellow workers were in the lunch room on another floor. I would say it was around 3 a.m. I noticed the object because it was so huge it would have been impossible to miss as it literally blocked out the sky it seemed! I observed the underside of the object as it was almost directly above at first but then it 'drifted' slowly off to the east. I could not make out the top of the object at all, and, to be honest, I was so shocked that I didn't remember to look at the side of it as it moved off. I thought the right away that this might be something not of this Earth due to the size and the fact that it was completely silent! It moved on a smooth, even path eastward. I observed numerous windows or portholes on the underside of the object which were white and other lights around the underside which were red and green. There didn't seem to be any pattern to the white lights and I can't remember if I noticed if there was with the green and red lights. The white lights were the ones that seemed to stand out to me. The body of the craft was a solid, non shiny grey, without any other features that stood out to me. I was shocked, surprised, and, to tell the truth, completely unnerved by this sighting. I can remember hoping it didn't ever come back and was still quite shaken for days. It's been 40 years and I still remember this event with wonder and with more than a few questions. I can't say it was extraterrestrial in nature but if it wasn't there had to be some technology out there that would seem to me to have been far, far more advanced than anything l have seen or heard about even today some 40 years later!
I didn't tell anyone about this until I met my husband and knew he was someone with an open mind as I didn't want people to think I was crazy. I am reporting it now as I am older and really don't care what people think!
