{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-07 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288761","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114602","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4001,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/761/mufon-5288761.json","updb_database_id":5288761}
Around 3-4am,

I could hear children laughing, crying, screaming, and adults all over the neighborhood raging in arguments or fights. A light shines through my window onto the living room floor and scared the [removed profanity/ CMS/fgc] out of me, I didn't rush to the window, instinct kicked in and I grabbed a cross and a glass of water because I saw field of dreams and I believe in the protection of Christ when called upon. I recited scripture what little I know, then the wind began, rushing seemingly downward on my house as if it were bearings weight on my roof and then room to room throughout as if in the ceiling. I was so ready to fight an alien or demon or whatever it was. I told Alexa to play gospel but she let me down as always. The shadow figure bulkier than a man left my house, I could hear the weirdest pulsating sound I assume was a ship of some kind, and as the weight lifted off my house, I heard the sound of much smaller pulsating noises like the one that shined light in the window. I remembered one biblical passage saying that the darkness would be so thick it would be palpable, and if I went outside I'd die. So, naturally, I went outside but only a couple feet. For whatever reason the entire city of Spokane is cloaked in a thick cloud of wildfire smoke today, April seven 2021. The sound of the pulsating thing, whatever it was, seemed to be too high to see now, and eventually faded off as if it moved on to a different neighborhood. I have no idea what it was, it felt "evil". I firmly believe that I would have either died or been abducted or something if I hadn't clutches the cross and started rambling things I'd heard from the Bible. It felt like as soon as I started to do that, what was encroaching on me immediately stopped and searched the rest of my house. This was an amazing once in a lifetime experience for me and oh boy did it make me more religious than I thought I'd ever be. I don't know what that shadow was or what it wanted, I only know that it was real as you or me and that I was scared even though I was talking trash like a tough guy between scripture. The smoke is apparently a wildfire I just found out. In April. I believe the government uses wildfire smoke to do large scale smudging and I also believe firmly that late at night, and more than ever before, evil or demonic entities with technology or aliens, are running around freely looking for a host or maybe worse. This was a life changer. I don't know who to tell, I can't find anything online from today with a similar story either. The internet in America in 2021 is incredibly filtered compared to previous years. I believe the government knows what's going on but won't tell anyone. Bars that were once open until 2am are now forced to close by ten, the official reasoning is covid, as if it becomes more contagious at certain hours. The wildfires indicate smudging, which is a demonic deterrent tactic. The sounds of fighting adults and frightened children followed the entity away and left behind was a silence unlike any I've ever heard, the silence was "thick" if you can imagine what I mean. Oh and echoes, while I was rambling what little scripture I could remember my voice echoing, there is no echo now nor was there ever before this. I am eager to hear insight or feedback on my experience. I'm still a little shook up and apprehensive to tell anyone for fear of sounding crazy.
