{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-21 08:06:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465761","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94993","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2462,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/761/mufon-5465761.json","updb_database_id":5465761}
Star-like objects have been witnessed countless times on a weekly basis. Overly bright, strangely dim and usually blinking.

The first time I had spotted something like this I couldn't help but feel terror. The way in which these objects appear to move seem to defy laws of physics, something that should be sacred. These star-like objects effortlessly change their speed, sometimes even appearing to jump between through space-time without having physically traveled said space.

 I know what the space-station looks like, I know what satellites look like and I damn well know shooting stars. None of these however are able to dramatically increase/decrease speed and direction. As far as I am aware, a satellite isn't able to bend its movements so much it slowly starts to change directions, or even sometimes rapidly.

 On one occasion I was driving in rural Saskatchewan with some friends when we witnessed one of these star-like objects stat to descend down to the Earth. We tried our best to track this object but lost sight due tall trees and poor navigation. These objects have been witnessed at home and with loved ones.

 I do not know what this phenomena is but I shouldn't have to feel fear when enjoying a peaceful night. If this is government technology then it needs to be disclosed; what I am seeing is not satellites or aircraft navigation lights!

 In the files below I have documented an encounter in which blinking lights in the sky end up forming into a star-like UFO. The lights you see at the bottom of the first file are from a nearby building. After blinking the object appears to move radically through the air before it vanishes. What on Earth?
