{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-04-04 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286563","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116819","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6994,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/563/mufon-5286563.json","updb_database_id":5286563}
Sighting with communication

I stayed late for cheerleading practice on April 4, 1968. I drove an old Volkswagen Karman Gia home from the high school. My route took me outside of the city on what was called the Cleveland Highway. Those many decades ago, the highway was 2-lane asphalt, and the area was heavily wooded until you turned the curve going left in front of the Big Bear Restaurant. It is no longer there and hasn't been for decades. Once I turned the curve, the area opened up to modest commercial development that lined the road on both sides headed towards Riverbend Elementary. At that point, there were no trees on either side. A shabby strip mall, long gone, was on the right; on the left was Riverbend Baptist Church. Traveling about 35 mph, I was maybe 1/4 mile from the turn to get to my family's home on (Removed address to Investigators Report Section/cms/LLL). The sun was low in the sky behind me, and it was bright but filtered through the trees lined the curve I just made. A bright smooth silver reflective surface appeared on the horizon high above trees. As the road again made a tight curve to the left once you got beyond the elementary school. So starting straight, there was a forest at the end of my line of sight. The object was dead still. There was no sound. I saw no spinning. Or maybe I couldn't recognize any spin because the sunlight reflected on the very smooth, highly polished solid silver surface. It appeared like the edge of a disc with a slight rise in the center from my angle. There were no windows.

I was stunned because I knew what I saw was not normal. It wasn't a plane, a jet, a balloon, and it was a disc. Not flying, but hovering completely still. No wobbles. No shifting. I checked my rearview mirror on instinct to see if another car was behind me. I was alone, so I wanted there to be another vehicle for some reason. I couldn't see much because the sun reflected on the rearview mirror as well.

Then in my mind, a thought, a message popped in. Martin Luther King will die today. Understand I couldn't make sense of that. For one, I had not given the man any thought on that day, that week, maybe even that year. I heard on network news about him. I knew he was the biggest name in the civil rights movement. I had seen him interviewed many times in the 60s. I respected him, but my concern that day was being good enough to get on the cheerleading squad. I was only 16 and three weeks shy of my 17th birthday. I was a kid alone in her car listening to rock music. I turned the radio off. I thought something was talking to me. But only that one statement rambled around in my head. Time stood still though I didn't stop the car. I know I slowed down to take in what my eyes saw. Once that message solidified in my brain, the object disappeared. I don't know why I believe it shot off to the left in the air because it was so fast. How could that have registered? It was gone.

I made the turn to the right to get to our subdivision. I know I was shaking and breathing heavily. I was frightened. I knew little to nothing about UFOs. But I knew jets, prop planes, and helicopters. What I saw wasn't anything like that. I got out of the car and walked into the house. My mother was in the kitchen. I asked her if she had heard any news about Martin Luther King being hurt or dying. I knew she listened to the radio most of the day, and certainly, she would have heard. She said no. I told her what I had just experienced and the message given to me. Then I asked her if she believed me. She said something to the effect that why wouldn't she? But I am not sure she did. 

I turned on the TV. Nothing. in the 60s, local channels didn't have early news. The network news didn't come on until 6:30 or 7. There's was nothing. No bulletin, no news. I decided I was crazy. Something had to wrong with me or my eyes or my head. Something wasn't right. I pushed it back. I was the only witness that I know of, and there was nothing to be done. No one to call. Nothing.

That evening my father and I watched whatever on TV. My town in NE, Georgia, was in the Eastern time zone. It must have been around 8? 8:30? I can't recall. There was a breaking news development. In Memphis, a reporter reported to the network because Cronkite came on and said MLK had been shot in Memphis. He talked on the phone live to someone. It was shortly thereafter he said MLK had died of a gunshot wound. An assassin's bullet had killed him. I became sick. I had not shared anything with my father, only my mother that afternoon. I had not told my two younger sisters. I didn't call anyone. I decided that I wouldn't. I didn't want anyone to know. I sounded crazy. There was no way I could have foretold MLK's death. I didn't want to be associated with the crazy people I heard about who claimed to see UFOs. All I wanted was to be popular at school. Seeing a UFO and telling my story, I would have been a social pariah.

Over the decades, I did finally share with the man who is now my ex-husband. I shared with a couple who were friends of my husband and me because they claimed to have seen a UFO in Alabama years before. So why not. I shared with both of my children when they were teenagers. And never spoke of it again until 2017 when the NYT's article came out. But then only to be a best friend. Since May this year, I shared with another friend who said she saw a UFO in NY in the late 1980s. Now I am obsessed. I relive it. I am following the news because I now know that I really did see something, not of this world. But the message that foretold MLK's death haunts me. Whatever was behind that object, manned or unmanned, somehow put his death in my mind. And damn, he died 4 hours later. It makes me sick. Why? Why would any intelligent source plant such a thing in a teenager's mind? To what end? Torment me? Why? It doesn't make a whit of sense. Here I am, now 70 years old. How could anyone believe it? There's no reason to believe it. My parents are dead. Mother took it to her grave. And so will I one day. If I could only ask whatever, whoever, why? This turned my world inside out. It did it for no reason.

If there are instances of sightings where humans were communicated to, I want to know. if any foretold events that had not happened yet. These things are doing something with time. Wherever it, they come from MLK had already died.
