{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-13 01:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483563","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76308","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2596,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/563/mufon-5483563.json","updb_database_id":5483563}
I got a headache and watched up.

Me and a friend walk around in our hometown. We talked to each other and both of us gots strong headaches. At first we thought its just a coincidence but than I watched up and saw this two bright shinig lights. At first we thought there are just two airplanes but they where very close to each other. Than they started to move quickly and had strange trajectories. I wanted to take a picture with my cell phone but it doesnt work. My Friend tried to took a picture with his cell phone but he cant use it because his battery was empty very quickly. I wanted to call my mother but I had no mobile reciption. Our headaches become stronger. In this moment both objects hoverd over a powerline. Meanwhile my headaches become so strong that I wanted to cry. I could see that the lights of two industrial Tower falled out. This two objects were still about the powerline and arround them appearce an aura. It looks very strange, like a white veil. In this moment my headache was so strong that i wasent able to think and my heart starting hurting. Then both objects flew vertically at high speed upwards. After this we coudnt see both objects and our headaches were away. Than we took our phones and I had mobile reciption and my friend was able to start up his cell phone. 
In this moment we could see that the tower lights start up. After 2 Minuets we were able to hear sounds of Helicoperts. There were five of them. Black colored flew to the power line. While the hole event we were scared. Our headaches were really strong and we wasnt sure what happend there.
At the next morning I went to my family doctor because my hearth still huts. It turned out that I got a damage on my heart. After a few days I get a skin rash. But I didnt go to the doctor because I thought it could be an allergic reaction. 
Since this event, my heart are not able to heal and work like before, sometimes im not able to think clearly and when I be next to power lines, my heart star hurting very strong.
