{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500563","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58537","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3925,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/563/mufon-5500563.json","updb_database_id":5500563}
Driving along when I came around a line of trees and it was in the Maroochy Airport Grounds, north end just hovering.

I was driving on the local highway toward the local airport thinking what a lovely day it was. There is a line of trees as you approach this area and when I cleared the trees I suddenly saw the most amazing and huge spacecraft! I remember saying out loud... WHATS THAT! I dont remember thinking at all at this point, just mesmerized and watching and I am sure I was communicating with the pilot somehow. Just excited and I noticed other people around were not looking at it and I wondered why!! I was totally NOT conscious of driving the car. I thought maybe there was a Air Show coming to the airport and this was one of the craft. I could not take my mind or eyes off it. The line of trees came up again and I had to go around two small curves in the road and when I cleared that I quickly looked again to find THE CRAFT HAD COMPLETELY VANISHED! I did not see it ascend or leave. I heard no noise. I assumed (haha) that it had parked into one of the hangers at the airport, although I knew it would not fit, I went up to the airport and looked around anyway and drove about hoping to get another glimpse of it. N O T H I N G ! !  huh??? If I had not been wide awake driving the car I would say I dreamt it. I believe in other beings and worlds so a dream would have been quite normal. This was no dream. 

So, off I went to finish my shopping and completely forgot about it! HUH??? When I got home my mum said she had seen a big space craft and it all came back into my memory and I was so excited and upbeat and weird I didn't sleep for 2 days! I wanted to call the local radio station, I wanted to tell everyone and I wanted to sit there by the airport in case it came again. 

The craft itself was HUGE, maybe the size and length of 2 two storey houses?.. and awesome. It had a 'nose' familiar to the Concord but much more sophisticated. Two enormous huge triangular bent wings with a large belly... it really resembles some kind of symbolic bird. The outside I could only call METAL, but I knew it wasnt. It is some kind of material. It is dull black but has depth to it? Very unusual fine texture to it. I think it is some kind of special thick metal lycra, ha! I have never seen anything like this before and went on many websites looking for something similar to look at.... nothing. I also knew that the pilot was humanoid - ish and was communicating with me. "He" knew I could see him and I was not afraid but I have no recollection of what else he said to me though I know we talked for a bit. I just knew stuff. My feelings were of confusion, awe, amazement, wonder, joy, excitement and almost everything else beyond that. I was pepped up energetically for weeks and it still blows me away thinking about it. I will never forget it. I go past that point many times and nothing again has appeared or did I SEE INTO the 4th dimension? I felt that they are there all the time, we just dont see them. I live beside a mountain that has an amazing energy and I feel that the mountain is a reason they come here but I dont know that. I have heard of people in town who say they see them all the time, coming and going about their business.... 

AMAZING FEELINGS OF AWE & EXCITEMENT - makes me feel very small and humble.
