{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-29 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501563","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57478","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6776,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/563/mufon-5501563.json","updb_database_id":5501563}
{dr|Silver disc with dome in the Tortilla Flat area

My wife and I were driving on the Apache Trail road towards Tortilla Flat. A couple of miles before reaching the saloon at Tortilla Flat, we noticed a silver disc in the sky on our passenger side. My wife was taking pictures the whole way with her phone (sitting in the passenger seat), so she already had the camera ready to go. We literally took dozens of pictures on our trip, so I not only have this picture but pictures leading up to it and afterword (if they need to be provided in the future as proof). 

The object was hovering in place, and then appeared to start moving. Our view was obscured for a split moment after the sighting, and when we could see again, it was no longer there. The disc was highly reflectant, bright silver (like a bare aluminum can), with no lights other than the light reflecting from the sun, which was significant. It had a very large dome in the top center of the craft. We never saw the bottom half of the craft, so the best description I can give is that it was slightly tilted downward so we could see the top part, not the bottom. Almost as if the craft was banking a turn, although it didn1t appear to be moving in a curved line. It was too far away to see a great amount of detail, such as windows or panels, but it was close enough that it was right in line with the closest rock formation in the distance. I1d estimate it to be about a half a mile from our vehicle. 

We kept driving and enjoyed the rest of our evening. We saw the craft at about 4 pm, and continued on our way to Tortilla Flat and Canyon Lake (and a bit further until the dirt road turns into a single lane road, where we turned around).

On our way back, which was roughly at 5:30, we had just passed Tortilla Flat, coming back on our way home, in roughly the same place as before, and I witnessed what I'd assume to be the same craft about two thumb-widths to the right of the sun, if your hand is a foot from your face. It seemed to almost be trying to hide in the blinding light of the sun, but was clearly visible to me as the sun was heavily reflecting from it's shiny surface.

The look of the surface of the craft, including its reflectant, shiny metal is why I believe each of the two sightings were of the same craft. The second sighting was a bit humorous to me, as it appeared literally a second or two after I realized where we were on the trail. I remember thinking to myself, I wonder if we1ll see it again, and then there it was right in front of my view. I didn1t mention the second sighting to my wife, and she didn1t see the second sighting. I don1t know why I didn1t say anything, but I felt it was best not to bring it up. I wasn1t afraid of it, but I wasn1t sure how she1d feel if she realized we kept seeing the same craft over and over. Looking back I wish I had told her so we could have taken a picture. Not that it would have done much good, as again, I don1t think the picture would have come out with it being so close to the sun. Still, it would have been nice to have attempted it. Each sighting was also in the roughly the same area, and had the same characteristics.

Just like the first time, when I saw the craft for the second time, we had to go around a corner for a couple of seconds, which obscured our view. When we got around the corner, the object was gone.

Both times the object was hovering, and the first time it seemed like it was just about to move before we lost site of it. It was not a quick darting movement, but it did seem unnatural as it didn't accelerate like a normal aerial craft would. It went from a dead hover to a constant speed before exiting our site.

I did not feel threatened by the craft. I didn1t have an 1anxious1 feeling, or a pit in my stomach. I didn1t feel at any time we were being threatened. Thinking back, the only oddity would be that my 2014 Jeep Wrangler made an audible 1ding1 sound literally right after we saw the craft the first time. I1d say, maybe 5-10 seconds after the sighting. It1s the same 1ding1 as you1d hear if the safety belt wasn1t fastened or the door was open. At the time, I didn1t correlate it with the sighting, but thinking back it is a bit weird, especially since both me and my wife had our seat belts on, and the doors were closed, with no error light on my dashboard. The only reason I mentioned the year of the vehicle is to show that it is new, and thus probably doesn1t have any mechanical issues. I1ve never heard the Jeep before make this sound randomly. Again, I don1t know if the two are related, but I figured I1d mention it.

Thinking back, it was odd how easy it was to spot each time. Again, with the second sighting being quite funny to me when it appeared. Despite the fact the second siting was near the sun, it was just.. there. You really couldn1t miss it if you were looking forward down the road. Same with the first sighting (if you were looking to your right). Despite the fact it disappeared on both occasions, I didn1t feel it was being anything but obvious about its position, and I seriously doubt if we were the only ones who witnessed the craft as it was plainly obvious, and we were not the only ones on the trail.

The only other thing worth noting I guess is that it didn1t feel like anything significant was going on during the time, but the more I think about it now, the more amazing the experience really was. I guess that1s opposite of how I should have felt, instead being shocked at the time of seeing it and then not caring later. But it really didn1t seem that important until we got home and looked at the picture and started talking about it. I1m fine with the idea of UFOs; my wife isn1t as much. But both of us felt 1good1 about the experience, if that makes any sense, and I1m glad my wife isn1t walking away from this freaked out. In fact she wants to go back to Apache Trails again, so I guess it wasn1t a bad experience. 

Hope this helped, if you have any questions please let me know and I1ll do my best to provide any more details.
