{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-01-01 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462563","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98416","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4075,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/563/mufon-5462563.json","updb_database_id":5462563}
{cak} Too many to bother filling out an individual form for each one.

Hello.

I hope that you are doing well.

I live in a city called Bournemouth, south coast of England.

I'm typing to state that I have been getting contacted for many years, and that UFO encounters are a part of my normal everyday life, as well as being stalked and harrassed by covert government agents (CIA, MIB, etc).

I've had far too many UFO contact experiences for me to fill out an online questionnaire for each one, so the above information in the multi-choice form isn't about any one single event. It's what's typed here in this text box that is important, in this instance.

I've seen a vehicle which is like the silver Pleiadian craft in the Billy Meier photos. 

I've seen triangular craft (equalateral) with yellow orbs on each corner.

I've seen things which resemble distant stars or satellites, but they're in control of their speed, direction, how brightly they shine, etc.
These have been flying direclty over-head for many years and sometimes communicate telapthically. I was recently staying with my older brother in a countryside town and they were flying over his house, because I was there. They've told me that I'm hybrid. They communicate a lot of things to me. I think that they're Pleiadians. There was one time where they communicated to me "we're 'Pleiadian Spirit', if you are wondering".

I've seen cigar-shaped craft.

I've seen a large light in the sky which was flashing multi-coloured, then expelled an emission of smoke.

I've seen things which look like hovering/floating glowing balls of dark orange plasma, which are in control of their movements, direction / altitude, etc.

I've seen things which resemble shooting stars, but are clearly within Earths atmosphere and they leave a dark orange/red trail with sparks flying out from it.

I would often go to the beach at night-time to look at the stars in the night sky and I would experience a tremendous abount of UFO sightings. They would very often just fly straight overhead. I see them still, even though I'm not at the beach at night-time as much anymore. It's been difficult to get any decent video footage, because I don't have the right equipment, just a very cheap mobile phone camera.

There are far too many experiences to list them all in this text box as well, but thank you for whoever takes the time to read this.

As stated, in conjunction with the countelss UFO enounters, I've been getting harrassed and threatened by what are almost cetainly covert government agents. So as I've mentioned to some other people by email, that if something does happen to me, know that it's connected with all of the UFO experiences.

I've uploaded a video with this personal statement. In this video, there's glowing light which is hovering still in mid-air, which then changes into a plane. It moves slowly towards me in order to fly directly over-head at low altitude and slow velocity. There is a red light on one wing and a green light on the other wing. Both lights turn to yellow as it flys over-head, which rules out any possiblity of it being a normal private airplane. These vehicles have been harassing me for many years. I posted this video on Youtube and have had a response from other Youtube users who this has also been happening to in Europe.

Thank you MUFON.

Peaceful prayers.
