{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-01-01 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478563","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81563","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4933,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/563/mufon-5478563.json","updb_database_id":5478563}
A large bright orange glow appeared then it released two smaller orange things they hovered for 5 min the all disappeared

I have never reported this or really mentioned it to people. It happened around 10 Years ago I was 16 at the time, but I can picture it perfectly when I close my eyes because it was really wiered to me at the time. 
 I was out with a few of my friends a can remember we were walking down castledyke in Barton upon Humber and I can remember my friend Joe pointing up at the sky. There was an orange orb/ light in the sky. It looked about the size of a basketball from were we were stood, it was really high up in the sky and looked the size of badket ball so it must of been an absolute massive object because airplanes only look like tiny dots when they are high up. It wasn't making any noise that we could hear it was just thete. We observed for around ten miniits then a smaller orange glow dort if dropped away from it l, this "glow" was about half the size of the first "glow" which was still hovering as sorted of dropped/floated down another "glow" was released again about half the size it acted in the same way as the first one. As it dropped/floated down it caught up with the first "glow" that was released and when it was level they both dissapeared in a flash then within a few seconds the first "Glow" which they came of also disappeared in a flash. We did mention it to one of my Friends parents and they said it would of just been flares and nothing out of the ordinary. So after they had told us that I put it to the back of my mind for some years. But I always new something wasn't right it couldn't of been a flare first of all flares don't release flares and judging by the size of it. If it was that high up and looked the size of a basket ball it must of been a massive object. Then the way the two smaller "glows" hovered wasn't natural it was asif the first one slowed down and let the second "glow" catch up with it. Then they both disappeared when they were together. Then the large object disappeared shortly after. We were amazed and shocked at what we saw I can remember feeling facinated we were coming up with all different things we thought it wad. But even tho we didn't really say to each other I think that we all thought it was something alien we were exited about it as well rushing to scotts parents (another friend who wad there) we rushed in the house all shouting over each other getting exited over what we had seen. I gained a real sense of wonder from what i saw that I have never lost and as I have grown up I have realised that UFO's are not fantasy they are not made up by crazy people like we are told they are 100% real and need investigating . So as i have grown up I have looked at what I saw in a different point of view but still kept it to myself. I can definitely say it wasn't a flare we saw as I have seen one since and its a completely different colour and moved in a completely different way. What I saw was 100% a UFO not a Helicopter,plane or jet. I have only told one person what I saw other than my friends parents, I have never spoke about it with the people I saw it with. But as I remember at the time we were all fascinated about the way it behaved. There is an airport nearby Humberside airport this is a small airport and I am positive it wasn't anything from there. It was just a large orange "glow" it was very bright it looked like the orange colour of fire. To this day I have never seenvanything like it in the sky. I noticed on the MUFON app that I could report a sighting so I did because I new I wouldn't be judged and critised and its not face to face which makes it a lot easier for me. So this is my encounter which is the truth if I was going to lie I would have come up with something a lot more farfetched. If there is anything else please email me. That's everything. 
Thankyou creating a platform for myself and others to share our experiences its a good help to tell someone who won't critise you and attack your character and just think you mad. You are doing a wonderful brilliant job. 
You probably hear this a lot but I would appreciate it if thete is any work or research I could help you with. I can look at things with an open mind and with a different perspective which really does help with this phenomenon.
