{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-03 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516563","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41554","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2664,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/563/mufon-5516563.json","updb_database_id":5516563}
(GS) Three bright glowing things over lake Michigan

Not long after sunset (maybe 15 minutes), the sky was very clear, my brother saw three lights over lake Michigan from the window of our fathers cottage1located about ten miles north of St Joseph/Benton Harbor. I took a quick look, saw a glow and told him it was just an airplane with the red, orange, yellow glow being the sun glinting off of the metal. I have seen many airplanes that this happens to. Even if the sun has set, they are at altitude and the suns rays, even though the sun has already set, can still hit a plane and make it glow bright orange. He saw three glowing things and I only saw two. I will say glowing "things" just because we did not see any object, just the glow. I looked again and the two that I saw seemed awfully close together which made me think that maybe they were not aircraft, so I went out of the house to the edge of the stairs that lead to the beach to see better. My brother came out after me. I saw one glow that seemed farther away on the left and the other on the right coming closer and stop. The one on the left then went upward and to the left and away. It was a steady speed and a steady glow. It just kept going until it was just a pin point and disappeared. No jet trail, nothing1just gone. The remaining glow came a little closer, then went to the right, then up, then to the left. It then seemed to move away and then followed the exact same path as the other glow and disappeared in the same spot and in the same manner. I had asked my brother about the third one he had seen and he said it had done the same thing as the other two. My brother has flown small planes and he lives by a shuttle launch site and has seen rockets, shuttles, and other airplanes and he said he could not explain what we saw. We both felt we have never seen anything like that before and it was definitely something neither of us could explain. There is a public beach located a few houses away and I could hear people on the beach making me think that they saw these glowing things as well.
