{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-26 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499034","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60118","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4465,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/034/mufon-5499034.json","updb_database_id":5499034}
{rjl} Was it just a cloud or what?

Last night I took my camcorder out to IHOP restaurant to see lights close up that have been appearing in my area every night since 1986. When I got to IHOP I started reading my UFO/alien related book. When I went outside the first thing I saw was a 100 yard long spherical cloud 60 feet over the main street. It was 60 feet high, and 80 yards away from me. It was pointy on its ends, and had a definite straight groove or rim all along its side. I immediately went in the restaurant and got my camera where I filmed 6 minutes and 7 seconds of it. Three IHOP employees saw it also, as they were baffled.

As soon as I got home, minutes right after filming, I could not connect to the Internet with my computer, to report the sighting. I almost ended-up buying a new modem unnecessarily. 

I do not know what to make of that sighting. Was it just a cloud or what? In about 10 minutes it dissipated completely. Although this sighting can easily be dismissed for a cloud the sky was perfectly clear. And I never saw a cloud at such a low altitude.

This is unusual that within the past 2 weeks I had 3 unusual experiences that I reported to MUFON. It is quite a coincidence.

WITNESS UPDATE TO COMMENTS ABOVE: Added by Terry Groff 10.12.2014

My most recent MUFON report needs some clearing up.

The 'cloud UFO' I filmed on 9-26-14 was only about 30 to 35 feet high not 60 feet high.

As soon as I stopped filming I came home a third of a mile away, and could not connect to the Internet. Even AT&T techs could not get me on-line. The following morning I was able to connect.

The entire time I filmed it being 6 minutes and 6 seconds the object slowly disintegrated after this time.

WITNESS UPDATE TO COMMENTS ABOVE: Added by Donna Rothenbaum 10/27/14

With my first submission of this sighting I involuntarily did not check all that applied, and did not state all that applied to me physically and psychologically.

As soon as I got done filming putting my camera away in the restaurant I experienced great happiness. I do not know if this occurred directly from the UFO or if it was due to that I got happy because I seen and filmed it - a UFO that size, and that it has been years since I filmed one. The 3 eyewitnesses did not seem to be overly happy afterwards.

I already sent a copy of my edited DVD of the UFO to MUFON Headquarters in Orange County. That MUFON directed me to this website to report and/or send any evidence. I did not send many photos by my last submission, so I decided to send more with this one, and offer MUFON another copy of my DVD needing the correct address to send it to.

I am not sure if MUFON is government related, so I do not expect any report of analysis or whatever regarding my sighting if it is. I usually just receive, from MUFON, the same form letter saying thanks for reporting a sighting. I understand that MUFON receives over a thousand reports every month that details of reports are impossible. However I sent MUFON, over the years, an abundance of evidence that I feel entitled to some kind of detailed report. If MUFON is government related, and is unable to meet me-half-way then I do not see the point in sending out anymore of my evidence to MUFON or any other government related facility. I would rather remain anonymous not to put my life in jeopardy for nothing.
