{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-14 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506034","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52785","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2884,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/034/mufon-5506034.json","updb_database_id":5506034}
{kt}fast moving bright starlike cross clear nitesky being pursued military chopper

As i was sitting in truck looking towards east-northeast sky at about 7pm on the night 12-14-2013. I observed a distant light,bright undefined shape or size in sky at aprox 45 degrees to the east sky 2-3 miles out as it appeared from edge of building i was parked by, at first glance thought distant plane or chopper. As continued to watch it moving cross sky the object was coming in low, fast and moving in straight path towards the NWest best guess 1000-1500 ft. above ground over the middle of my city. As it approuched a closer path cross my field of vision i then saw a trailing unknown red blinking object in the same flight path that appeared to be trailing or chasing the first object,the 2nd light at that point appeared to be a air craft of some kind? At this moment maby a minute into wathcing what was happening in the sky i was still in truck,as was bout 17 for temp outside. This is the moment when i realized i was not seeing what my mind first tells you is normal,so i then got out of truck to see and then actually hear the roar of a jet type engine in the sky in direction of the objects still in the flight path of now almost above my area i was parked.The first object was brighter and more vivid,shapeless,but its light was coming from all around it,no edges? but still in same position and distance to ground and height of angle with the second red single blinking object still chasing but not gaining on it, this is when i could tell that it was a blacked out helicopter,no other lights that could be seen in or around what im sure was a blackhawk or other kind of helicopter. The roar of the engine sounded to be at max thrust, i at this point in watching got that eerie feeling i was encountering a UFO being chased by a manmade craft trying to be stealthy in pursuit,this about 3-4 min into this sighting the 2 objects continuied off Nwest of the city passing over the downtown area and into the night horizon 3-4 miles out of my sight in the direction of the army national guard about 10 miles that direction. I am very puzzled of the entire event and cant stop thinking about or analyzing the things i saw and heard. this is not my first encounter with such an event i couldnt explain.
