{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-19 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514034","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44210","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2937,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/034/mufon-5514034.json","updb_database_id":5514034}
{nd} Heard a loud whir getting louder and louder. Looked and saw a black triangular object with lights on the corners. Flying above the tree tops

I was camping on my hunting lease in southwest Georgia while on a solo deer hunting trip with my two dogs. It was about 10pm. The evening was quiet, I had a campfire going and was arranging stuff in my tent while kneeling in the open door of the tent. Suddenly, I heard a very loud whil/whine sound getting louder and louder. I stood up and faced the north and I saw a dark object very low over the tree tops, flying from east south east to west northwest. I was very low, for all I could see was the upper edge of it, the bottom obscured by the 15-20 foot pine trees on this piece of property. The upper edge was horizontal which appeared to have 45 degee edges off of that. This object did have 1 small rectangular orange/red light on each of the corners I saw. It was moving at a constant speed from my left to my right. It appeared very close to me, Id say within 300 yds. It appeared black or lead colored. I would say its velocity was about 50-100 mph. It appeared large and bulky, but as I said before I could not see all of it because it was so low over the tree tops. It moved off to the east north east and within 5-10 seconds you could not hear it anymore. I had no idea what this object was. My only guess was some sort of military craft from Ft. Benning, which is about 50 miles north of where I was. 
 I am mystified. This object was moving way too slow to be a airplane. Flying way too low, on a very dark night, just above the tree tops, and made a sound unlike anything I have ever heard. I am familiar with all types of aircraft, and the sound was not the sound of a helicopter. I also could see its shape, very unlike a helicopter. It sounded whiney, like a blender. It left as fast as it came, out of my vision into the dark night and the sound faded quickly. 
 This is the only time in my life I have seen something and been unable to explain what it was. I am a 47 year old educated, health care professional who is very objective and science based. I am familiar with all types of military/civilian aircraft. I am an avid outdoorsman and hunter that has been camping in the outdoors all my life, in all parts of the country. I have never seen or heard anything like this before.
