{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529034","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26505","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3848,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/034/mufon-5529034.json","updb_database_id":5529034}
Three spoke (Mercedes Benz emblem, or 70's peace sign shape) large white lights on end of spokes and in the center with blue lights between white ones

Just after midnight on 6/26/10 I was heading west on Hwy 150 entering the valley just before Greenville Indiana. The sky was cloudless, the moon was full, you could see really well. As I entered the valley I could see three spokes of blue lights ( like large blue fluoresce lights ) with a white light on the end of each blue spoke and a white light in the middle where the three blue lights came together, on the other side of the valley. The road was a straight shot across the valley with nothing to block my view. I was trying to figure out what it was as I was approaching, thinking it was some sort of backyard decoration on the hillside across the valley. As I got closer the blue lights shut down except for one on each spoke ( the long blue lights turned out to be a series of blue lights running the length of the spoke I assume ) just before the end white one on each spoke. After this I did not take my eyes off the object because I now realized this was something really unusual. I was now coasting to a stop as I approached and my top was down on my car. I was looking up at this ufo, stopped in the road, and it hovered less than 100' in the air just in front of me and off to the right side of the road. The black or graphite colored ufo was silent, the spokes were approximately 25 to 30 ft. long and about 6 to 8 ft. wide. The lights on the ends of the spokes were barrell or lantern glass shape, going completely across the spoke end, and the white light in the middle was larger and round. The end lights started to pulse brighter and back dimer ( but always on ) in different sequences, then the center one pulsed brighter than any of the outer ones had, and back to the outer ones one more time. The ufo then started to slowly drift towards me and directly over me and on across the road and the tree tops that were on the left side of the road where I lost sight of it. As the ufo came directly over me I could clearly hear a hushed jet engine sound with a louder "crackle" sound mixed in it, like large static electricity pops, sporadically one after the other mixed in. The sound only could be heard when it was directly over me, just before and just after it passed over me it was completely silent, and the sound was not on and off, it quickly rose and fell in volume as it passed over. I quickly turned my car around and drove back into the valley to regain sight of it and could not. I sat on the side of the road for a few minutes and observed back on the other side of the valley ( the east side I just came from ) an aircraft with a spotlight on flying in the same direction as the ufo was headed, it could have been the ufo or a helicopter, I don't know, as the spotlight shining down on the ridge line was all I could see, or hear. The recent ufo sighted in Centreville Virginia had the same blue light color that my sighting had, and there is a video of it on you tube. I also posted the sighting on Topix, Greenville In., a few days later and someone else said they spotted something floating in the sky earlier that night in the valley, you can go there and read what they said.
