{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-16 18:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487034","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72645","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3055,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/034/mufon-5487034.json","updb_database_id":5487034}
{cak} San Bernardino County

I was travelling from Los Angeles to Laughlin Nevada on I 40 eastbound. Had fueled up and had stopped for food and left Barstow 25 minutes earlier. Very desolate route, mostly transport truck use. Was a transport about a mile ahead of me on same route. I had my glasses on which gives me 20/15 vision. I noticed directly ahead of me about 15 degrees above ground an object starting to glow slightly, and I just thought it was the moon as I knew the moon was just less than half that week. It was noticeably descending in the sky, and every second got brighter, until it was extremely bright white lights, triangle shaped with 2 distinct rows of lights on the underside around the edge of the craft. The lights became continuous around the craft but not joined to each other. It was extremely dark outside, and I could only see what was around me for a couple of hundred feet at that time. As this craft descended slightly to the south it began to light up the terrain, and then I noticed 4 mountain peaks lighting up, as it descended down on them, and then continued descending, and went directly behind the tallest peak of the 4. The peak began splitting the lights of the craft in the center, and the air all around began glowing from behind the mountain. It continued to descend until its' lights were no longer visible, however, the 4 peaks were still visible with the air lit up behind them. Within about another 15 seconds, there was no light at all and the view of the peaks also dissappeared, and everything went black again. The whole event lasted only about a minute, and there was no time to use my video camera to document it. I have no idea whether the US Gov't has this technology, and using it, but as far as I am concerned, this is and was a UFO sighting, and I feel extremely privileged to have witnessed this event, as it was so clearly visible even from 7 or 8 miles away. This unit obviously was travelling in the sky completely not visible until it descended and began lighting up. The size was no less than 300-400 feet from the front to the rear of the craft, with the one point extending further out than the other 2 and to the south, so I assume this was the front of the craft. Also 3 protruding domes underneath the craft were visible slightly, one in each corner of the craft, and lit up by the two rows oflights around the underside of the craft.Everything else about the craft was black as it appeared to me.
