{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-08-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505034","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53839","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2609,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/034/mufon-5505034.json","updb_database_id":5505034}
{kt}first contact was 1968, over power lines beside the railroad line

My first of a number of encounters spanning from 1968 to 1978 began in my home town of Wayland, Massachusetts I was walking along the nearby railroad line. The work of stringing of High voltage power lines were strung up on towers and were now active. A short time after the power lines became active UFOs began showing up regularly. The first one I ever saw was a saucer boomerang shape. The center was rounded but it had like wings which caused the craft to be of a boomerang shape. The craft dropped out of the sky near the town line near the line with the next neighboring town to the west, Sudbury. >It stopped over a Raytheon facility, then continued eastward. When it got down to where I was standing in the middle of the tracks, it stopped over me. There was a westbound freight train coming out of Boston, suddenly stopped dead. The RR Crossing lights went out. The buzzing of the new power lines stopped. all electricity ceased. Panicked I turned and ran down the embankment of the RR line over the fence across a neighbors field to my home apple orchard. The craft turned and followed me slowly and stopped above me again, It turned an east northeast direction and slowly proceeded over the woods to where a new development was being built. It stopped hovered, then took off really fast like a helicopter take off and disappeared very, very quickly, gone from sight in about two seconds. 

Within a month the neighborhood began witnessing dozens of visitations usually between 3:00 PM to 5:00 PM. It was at that time I was abducted from my bedroom late at night. That happened I would guess maybe 6 times there, and several times out at my stepfather's family farm in Sheffield, Massachusetts. 

I do not know exactly when, but I discovered during X-Rays, that some kind of implants were put within my body. I have undergone 5 surgeries having them removed from my left arm, the back of my neck, my chest, my nose and my right arm.
