{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-11-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486864","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72827","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2786,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/864/mufon-5486864.json","updb_database_id":5486864}
I went to the terrace and there it was. I could feel the warm air from the swirl on my face as I watched the beauitfl lights on the under belly pulsate

The prior was just the first of many events. When my brother and a friend drove from Paris to the South of France there were 3 we called them our escorts she told me that they were going to be with us the day before so I was not surprised to see them. There was one on each side of us and one over top. I watched them get close and fly with us for 13 hours. When we arrived in the south of France by the sleeping man Frejus. It deflected the light like a wink of the eye using the sun and the craft as a mirror then took off. I watch it (my solider shot up vertical). 
Another time I told my friend lets go to the Roche and meditate and call the ufos with our minds. We went there metitated for 45 minutes sending off our transmission, saw nothing but 20 minutes later my inervoice told me to look up and there were 5 dots on the horzion I showed my mother and brother they just walked into the circule we called the 24 elders. My friend looked at me and said tu et fu. (Your cazy.)Sshe had a look of disbelief, but could not deny it. Was because of us- or was I told to go do that . I have been abducted. One event when I was I called out the doctor who was examining me that I know that I was not in a dream state . He told me he is not allowed to discuss that because all is heard. But with a smile he let me know I was right. 
I still transmit to let them Know That I listen and my home is safe if the wish to visit. I have been transported and sperm taken from me on several occasions transported by light . I have had many experiences. I know there role for mankind. You might be asking your self why am I now reporting this now? Well it is all apart of there role as the world gets worse. Be prepared. But I don't think I m reporting anythink that you don't already know. 
Thank you for your time I'm a private person if you wish to call me arrange a time via email for a call or what ever. 

Regards Brent Boatman PS I caught this on CNN see veido file
