{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-29 15:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290864","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112473","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2877,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/864/mufon-5290864.json","updb_database_id":5290864}
Star like object observed in the middle of the afternoon

i was on my balcony, on the phone with a friend at about 3:15pm. I looked straight up and saw a very brilliant star like object. It appeared to be still. It was really high up, but I couldn't tell the altitude. After observing it for a few minutes while on the phone with my friend and snapping a few pictures, it began to move towards the south, but still almost directly over me. It moved slowly towards the southeast before it stopped again. I texted my neighbor to come see it (while still on the phone with my friend). I ran inside as quickly as possible when she knocked on the door, and then ran out to my balcony with her to see it. At that moment, we lost sight of it. I showed her the first two pictures I took. She went back home, and I walked downstairs to the courtyard of the apartment building I live in. I looked up, and nearly directly above and to the southeast I observed it again. It was hovering. After about another 2 minutes, it began to move towards the east/southeast again, until I lost it in a thin cloud strand. I kept looking for another few minutes in the direction I last saw it in the clouds, but couldn't find it anymore. Afterwords, I went back upstairs. I got off the phone with my friend a few moments after because I felt sick. I vomited only a few minutes later. I don't know if the vomiting was related to the incident but it seemed a curious coincidence. I've seen this same kind of object before many times and have reported all those sightings as well. My friend on the phone and my neighbor can corroborate this sighting and the pictures, but I believe they may want to remain anonymous.
