{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-04-29 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468864","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91689","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2499,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/864/mufon-5468864.json","updb_database_id":5468864}
Rainbow light in sky goes in circles, changes elevation and direction rapidly

I was in my backyard, enjoying the nice big moon in the sky, all by myself. I look a little to the left and notice a red light that seemed a little larger than stars in the sky. I then noticed it was moving but assumed it was an airplane, except no sound at all or contrails. I live in a very rural area and this is night time. I then saw it had lights that would slowly transition between different hues. Blue, green, orange, red, possibly purple. The light source was clearly not a typical light source because I could tell it ran along the side in kind of a strip. I said to myself, 1That1s not a plane...1 and as soon as I said that it picked up speed, heading towards the moon. It clearly dipped and rose in elevation greatly because this was VERY HIGH in the sky! It should be noted that I could see the halo of light reflecting off the craft, coming from the moon. There was certainly an object. I digress, it rose and dove, then it started going in circles! It zig zag1d and chaged direction 180 degrees many times, with great speed. The circles it was going in were not limited by turning radius either, they weren1t uniform and at times would close the circle in a smaller loop, if that makes sense. I was excited! I spoke to it, and it seemed to respond. I went to get someone to see for themselves and it immediately slowed down, it changed direction in a small airspace a few times, slowly. The person went inside, and it started doing it again! Circles, zig zags, dips and dives! It is still outside. I should also note that a small Cesna plane was a few hundred feet above me half way through this, as there is a very very small private airport a few concessions away. This object was easily going twice or greater the speed of the Cesna, all the way up there. Very cool! Not the first time I1ve seen this object either!
