{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-01-01 04:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489864","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69740","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3535,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/864/mufon-5489864.json","updb_database_id":5489864}
{jpg} found myself standing on patio watching object in sky come towards me (25 MPH?). I was afraid it would hit high tension wires. No landing gear. Cockpit was a tinted black dome. I could not see in. I heard jet-like sound-like a water cooling system.

I found myself standing on back patio (facing west) watching object in sky coming right towards me (25 MPH?) from the Northwest heading Northeast. I think it was just around 4:00 AM-4:45 AM (it wasn't totally dark. Seemed like was just before it got light, before the sun rose). I do not remember walking outside. I was just "there" on the patio. I was concerned that it would hit high tension wires but it didn't. It flew just above them. There was no landing gear. The cockpit was a small tinted black dome. I could not see in. I thought "I wonder if they can see me." and "I wonder if I should be scared." I heard low sounding but a little high-pitched jet-like sound - like a water cooling system moving through the pipes on the bottom of the craft. The entire object was a grey-greenish color. The "pipes" on the bottom were like large 10" PVC pipe. The pipes were not all over but rather along the underside edge of the sides"wings?" and maybe across the middle. There were absolutely NO markings (USA, Air Force, etc.) that I saw (and I had a pretty close view).

I thought it might have been a military craft from Luke Air Force Base but then thought "Why would they take this path, the normal practice path (for F16s, etc.) is to the west of me and goes from North to South."

I think there was a random light blinking, very occasionally (can't remember where it was on the craft) that I saw when I first saw it. It only blinked 2 or 3 times. I do not remember what color it was.

It passed right over me and I was in awe of how close it was and slow it was moving. I remember thinking "from wing to wing, it must span 4 or 5 houses." I just watched it continue on and went back under my covered patio just before it was out of my sight. If I wanted to see it disappear, I would had to have put on shoes because my yard was gravel. I walked out but it hurt my feet so I came back to the patio. I do not remember going back inside to bed.

I remember waking up a little groggy but very quickly felt extremely rested. The thought of what I saw popped into my mind within 10, maybe 15 minutes after I woke up. I laughed and said "Boy, maybe I was abducted." but quickly dismissed the idea.

During the sighting was more curious and a bit excited than scared. I never felt the need to panic. I do not take drugs. I was not on any medication. I drink wine on occasion but remember thinking "Glad I didn't drink any wine, last night, so I can remember this." I felt very safe. I have never recounted this story online - I may have told a few friends - who either didn't care or didn't believe me. Feel free to email/call me. Kind regards,
[Name removed/cms/tg]
