{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-02 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484864","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74936","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2860,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/864/mufon-5484864.json","updb_database_id":5484864}
Grey aliens black triangle started dancing some ritual dance. Must come into contact with majestic 12 to be the grey's dance ambassador.

There I was, right? With all me mates at school when suddenly I hears this massive buzz sound. I look to the sky, and sure enough, the aliens have finally come to abduct me. My very own extraterrestrial biological entity coming to get me in it's black triangle. A light at each corner of the triangle. Now, I've been waiting for this day to come for years, so I didn't hesitate to communicate. 

I climbed the highest tree, and screamed to the aliens "I AWAIT YOUR PROBING WITH OPEN ARMS MY DEAR FRIENDS! LET THIS EXPERIENCE LAST FOREVER! COME FOR MEEEEE!"

And sure enough, the aliens came down. Slowly ascending. A rushed to the triangle's side, and a group of greys came out. Instantly, their bodies began to move in a jerky-like fashion. I was afraid at first that they were displaying signs of aggression, could they not see that I was welcoming them?

But no, as I kept watching, I realized that they were moving in sync, and to some kind of beat that I could not hear. I waited for a while, but then they seemed to slow, almost uncertain. I took this as an invitation to communicate, and immediately mirrored their beautiful dance ritual.

They seemed pleased by this, and cried and cheered in joy. 

We danced for so long that I lost track of time, my friends must have left by then, cowards. Until one of the greys came up to me. He didn't move his mouth, but I could understand him. He told me about the majestic 12 and how they are taking away their dance.

I realized what I must do. I was the dance ambassador. It was my destiny to reach the Majestic 12 and teach them the ways of the grey's dance. 

Here's where you guys come in. See, I don't actually know how to come into contact with the Majestic 12. If you guys can help me with that, that would be real swell. Please, the fate of grey dance relies on it.

Cheers mate.

Signed, Sophie.

PS: I should mention that this morning while I was at school, I heard the same buzzing out of the speakers during opening assembly. You can ask my school for proof.
