{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-06-15 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5451864","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109779","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2682,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/864/mufon-5451864.json","updb_database_id":5451864}
observed first to the SW miles above est size of baseball, 3 triangle light objects, then larger object to the S

I was around 10 years old, est year 1977(76-79) Summer(warm) night after sunset. My Mother says she wants us to go outside and look for something in the sky. She couldn't say what exactly but t look at the sky in the SW direction.
I was not able to select different objects in the drop down, but I saw at least 3 sets of triangle lights that zig-zagged very fast then traveled straight up, out of sight. From the ground looking up, they appeared to be about the size of a baseball. I don't think my Mother or Brother saw those, so she suggested we go to a friend house across town (less than a mile away) who had a telescope. While they were looking in the direction of where I saw the lights, I turned around and said "Mom!!" We saw an elongated bowl shape, that was flat on top and bottom. It had lights around the center, and possible windows in between the lights. The lights were flashing after one another in sequence. I can only describe the size from the point of view of a 10 year old, but it seemed as large as a small shopping mall. It was over us, then hovered and moved to the mountain ridge line (less than a mile away, traveled S and out of sight behind the Ridge.
Mom told us to go home and write down what we saw so we would not forget it. I recently asked Mom how she knew to look for this. She said that she just had a feeling. She is very quiet about her feelings but very intelligent, intuitive.
I don't recall anyone reporting or talking about this. As I have grown up, it has been on my mind and I am trying to determine if sightings were in this area around that time frame. It is hard to talk about without someone laughing at you, and of course I laugh back, but truly believe we witnessed something wonderful that summer night. My Brother remembers that night, but the others would never admit to what they saw. 
Please help me know more about what we could have witnessed. I welcome talking about this to like minded folks.
Thanks so much,
Tara
