{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1965-06-10 20:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496864","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62514","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3226,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/864/mufon-5496864.json","updb_database_id":5496864}
{nd} It was an eye opening experience,and someone who has had an experience such as this will never be the same again.

I was thirteen , and I had settled down in my families easy chair to watch Bonanza. We had two dogs. A German shepard, and a beagle. Almost as soon as I turned the television on, the dogs jumped up, and took off toward the front door. I had never heard them to be so excited. They were snarling, and barking like the devil was at the door. Naturally I I got up, and followed them. When I got out of the door they were standing there stone silent, and looking up. When I looked up, and I couldn't miss it there was a bright orange disc. One thing that made me jump up, and follow the dogs was that as they ran toward the door I heard a "whoosh" go over across the top of the house. It was just the sound of air moving, and that startled me because I figured that if it was a plane crossing above the house that I should have heard some engine noise. Since I didn't, I wanted to see what was going on. Now, I was outside, and there it was hanging silently in the air, at a height of 100 to 150ft. at the end of my driveway. The first thing that I did was to get out my Monolux telescope. Then I called my uncle on the phone who works for the F.B.I. to ask him if he had heard anything unusual. He told me that he also had heard the thing come over; but because of the trees around his house he didn't see it. That's when I told him to come over because it was hovering at the end of the driveway. The disc itself was probably between 60 to 80ft. in diameter. It had a bright orange glow, and an electric blue halo around it. I say electric blue because I had a neon sign transformer that I played with that produced the same blue color in it's arc. The thing was too bright to comfortably watch through the telescope; but when my aunt , and uncle got there, my mom made coffee for everybody, and we sat on the steps and watched it. I ran out to a position directly under it, and I noticed five dark spots in the arrangement of a pentagram around it's center. I don't know what the spots were; but they were the only break in it its' otherwise brilliant surface. Personally, I don't know why people are frightened by seeing ships or visitors form another world. I found it to be a fascinating experience. After about forty five minutes, as I watched it from below, it shot skyward, and in less than two seconds it was gone. I asked my uncle if he thought that we should report the sighting, and he said no. Now that I am dying I want to report it so that other people will know that we are not alone in the universe.
