{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-11 15:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287864","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115508","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2918,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/864/mufon-5287864.json","updb_database_id":5287864}
Observed and filmed 11 orbs in the sky with 1 slowing descending falling like a leaf while changing shapes and flight paths + other strange anomalies.

While at work I noticed a grouping of whitish/metallic orbs in the sky so i started to take video and pics with my Iphone11. I took 2 short video clips and also some pics. 
Upon reviewing both video clips going slowly while zoomed in going frame by frame I noticed some really weird anomalies. In the 25 sec clip at the 19 sec mark - the 21 sec mark I noticed 3 additional orbs that shot by at an amazing fast speed underneath the focused set of orbs that were moving slowly. Also at the 10 sec mark I can count 11 orbs.
 In the second clip that is 55 sec long, I observed an orb that started to fall like a leaf. It was falling vary awkwardly, changing shapes, speed, direction, and even almost vanishing at times. Again while reviewing slowly and zoomed in going frame by frame I noticed something very weird at the 15 sec mark - the 16 sec mark. An additional small object (unknown) comes in left to right of the falling orb, lands on it, then seems to jump off and shot straight down. 
 The last thing I want to share is a pic I shot. when i reviewed it I noticed a black kinda dot left of the roof. I zoomed in and it revealed more detail and shape and what even appears be a cross or something on the object in question. maybe its just pixelation.
 This is my very first write up since I felt obligated to share this awesome footage. I hope upon your review and expert analysis you can see things even better that what I can. Also I was extra alert that day since the previous day on the 10th, I noticed a few orbs in the sky in about the same spot where this event took place due to some dirt/dust funneled in the sky that drew my attention. So I was extra alert and my eyes were to the sky to see if I could see anything odd again the next day (the 11th), and I did. If you need to contact me for any additional details, please feel free to contact me. Thank you - J
