{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-01-08 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463472","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97471","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5320,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/472/mufon-5463472.json","updb_database_id":5463472}
Entity in front of me

This is very difficult for me to talk about as it is something I had little understanding of as a child and still question to this day. I have and always will remember this event for the rest of my life. 
I know you probably get so many things sent to you some complete bs some is true, I am not here to waste anyone1s time I1m simply sharing my true story with you and giving you the information of my experience what you do with that information is up to you. 
I may not have exact dates or exact times but I will say that I 110% know what I saw that night was real and I know how it made me feel. I will include pictures which outline where I was where the entity was and what I experienced to give you a full understanding. 
This is my story:
I was around 6 years old at the time, I lived in a semi detached house with my mom step dad and 1 year old sister. My room was in the back of the house. 
It was nighttime I was sleeping in my bed I always slept on my stomach or on my side facing the door. This night I was on my stomach with my head towards the door. I opened my eyes (still nighttime) approximately 12-2am if I had to guess, to see a dark entity in my room. This entity was dark in colour, very dark. He was very close to me approximately 2 inches from my face/body, the entity was short approximately 3-4 ft tall, I was frozen with fear I could not move, the entity stood there staring at me and I stared back at the entity. Even know I was a child there was a sense that I knew what this entity was instinctively I knew it was not human. The entity then lifted something in front of his face with both hands, the object seemed to be rectangular and stood there with the object in front of its face pointed directly at me. My heart was racing I was scared, I was asking for everything to stop in my head and for the entity to go away out of desperate fear, I was scared if I yelled or moved that something would happen to me I then closed my eyes turned my head towards the wall then quickly
Turned my head back and the entity was no longer present, I then ran screaming to my mom and step dads room I was hysterical and crying. My parents thought it was a bad fldream at the time but later the next morning when my mom asked I told her what it was I saw and she believed me, she knew I was being honest she knew I was telling the truth. Still to this day she remembers this event. There are only two people who know about this and that is my mom and my boyfriend of 4 years. This is a very hard thing for me to discuss and talk about. I sometimes think about that night and I myself wonder what this meant, I try to understand what happened that night, but unfortunately I do not have those answers. This has not only affected my childhood but it has affected me now as an adult, I refuse to sleep in the dark, and I don1t like to sleep alone. I guess I fear that this entity may come back but I don1t know. 
As much as I fear the unknown I1m also curious, I truly do believe that there is extraterrestrial life out there, we are just one small planet in a massive galaxy. And if Your asking why I chose to come forward now and not earlier, I felt like I couldn1t share this information with anyone it is something I remember so clearly so vividly like it happened yesterday, and I didn1t want to risk sharing my encounter with the wrong people. I have seen your shows I watch them all the time, so I thought maybe coming forward could at least make others like myself feel and know they are not alone, and that sometimes just telling someone even if they too don1t have the answers can really help by just getting it off your chest. I hope one day you do get all the answers because I know there are many people in this world as myself who would like the truth no matter how hard it is to accept. You are doing a great thing, you are allowing and encouraging individuals such as myself to come forward and share their stories. 
I would also like to ask that my name and address/ contact information be kept confidential from the public, if you do chose to use my story for any purpose that1s fine i would just like to ask that my name and personal information to be kept anonymous. Thank you.
