{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1994-07-22 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287472","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115904","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6715,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/472/mufon-5287472.json","updb_database_id":5287472}
Sonic boom alerted a group of 6 to a large boomerang object that changed shape and exuded glowing slag

It was a nice quiet evening for a walk. I was joined by 3 close friends, the girlfriend of one of them (now deceased) and another man whose name escapes me he was a botanist 
We walked through a wooded area and into an adjacent farmers field. It was a clear night sky with great visibility away from residential lighting. We were heading to a pond near West Hanover elementary school to see some frogs.
We were fairly alert and quiet due to crossing through the woods- to listen for possible animal threats. Halfway across the field I turned to look behind me to chat with someone.
I heard a sonic boom that dropped me to my back. I turned my gaze to the sky as a giant boomerang of white light blazed across the sky. It left a solid trail of white light in the shape of the boomerang. It reminded me of the pins that they wear on Star Trek. Rounded delta shape with a concave center at rear of shape. It was rather low and rather large blocking out much of the sky as it passed overhead. The white light trail behind the object also blocked out starlight. 
We all saw this together. Initially I attributed the Sonic boom to the UFO but the sound came before the streaking light. I conservatively estimated the speed to be at least 7,000 mph based on the distance to where it loitered taking a fraction of a second.
We took a minute to process and continued our walk which coincided with the trajectory of the object. We arrived at the pond and nearby baseball field. From the ball field we could again see the object [assuming it's the same one] about a mile away. Now a spherical shape, it was rapidly twirling, rotating on a center axis. It flashed between deep reds and deep blue. Light emitting in quick random like bursts. My friend Chad G.and I watched as it swung like a pendulum to the left, while spinning) and gently bob or bounce at that position. once it reached the top of each arc. Next it swung to right, reaching the top of the pendulum again it would bounce softly and remain to the right for a few seconds. It did this the whole time. Back and forth but it would linger for different lengths of time in the right and left positions. The motion overall appeared random other than the consistent pendulum action, constant flashing and the soft erratic bobbing motion. We questioned each other to verify it was moving as it appeared to. Taking turns describing the position. We were seeing the exact same patterns. While this bizarre display of movement and lighting took place the object was also discharging/ejecting orange material that resembled molten iron. It dripped from the object-orange glowing material that lost its glow as it fell to the ground. At times it behaved as if it were a saw with sparks arcing away, curving with the rotation of the object. Most of the expelled glowing embers however dripped down. 
The glowing "material" behaved like a solid, falling straight down. It shed from the object at a rate of about 2-5 pieces every second.
I wanted to walk approx.1 mile to the object but was talked out of it. I haven't yet told my friends that I would report this but I'm sure at least 2 of the witnesses would verify my account. We haven't spoken of that night since then..I felt that the object could see us and that it would come to us. It remained about 1/4 mile above the earth at the bottom of the pendulum like movement.
Strangely the others besides one of my group didn't seem interested in the event. They acknowledged that it was happening but weren't awestruck as Chad and myself were. We watched for about 45 minutes before leaving. The object remained there upon our departure.
After that evening I began noticing what felt like a wire that ran from around my ear lobe/beneath my ear behind my clavicle through my elbow and radius and to the tip of my smallest finger. If I tugged on my earlobe, gently, I could feel it all the way down to my finger. It's no longer noticable but for many years it was a source of mild annoyance. It could be a coincidence but I have no nerve damage or any wounds that I can attribute to this.
Our town, where this event took place is a few miles from Ft. Indiantown Gap, a military installation with aircraft. I believe a jet was scrambled to intercept the object. I did not see a jet but I heard the unmistakeable ground rattling signature of something large breaking the sound barrier. I wish I would've written down the date of the incident because I would start the FOIA process. My associates may have a more precise date than I do.I will reach out to two of my friends and have them file a report with Mufon or ask them to cooperate. They may have details that I forgot. I'm sorry for making this long winded but that night changed my life. I have been haunted by the need for answers as others are.Nothing conventional can explain what we saw. It wasn't Venus or Mars swinging, bobbing, flashing and oozing glowing embers. There was another incident that happened a few years prior to this with many witnesses. Directly above a neighbors house. I'll report that another time. I hadn't reported either of these before only to my closest friends.I figured there was no point but I believe there is evidence somewhere that a jet was scrambled to the scene and perhaps other witnesses. I regret not taking more action that night. I studied it for a long time though and I desire to amend this file with known witness testimony, possible other witnesses and a flight desk log, police reports. 
I can draw sketches but I'm worried I'll have to redo this. If I am able to add them later I will do so.
Someone chased after that object in a jet. For some reason no one else came to take a look. I watched it for 30 to 60 minutes barely blinking.. The initial sighting of this thing lasted a split second and about 10 minutes later we were in open view of it again. Plenty of time to dispatch helicopters etc. Unless they were silent and blacked out, nobody came to investigate our visitor after the initial sonic boom.
