{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-04 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517472","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40432","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5950,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/472/mufon-5517472.json","updb_database_id":5517472}
{ck} two orange irregular-shaped objects moved slowly nnorth to south and disappeared without a sound.

On July 4 at approx eleven pm I was standing in my back yard looking at the stars and etc when from my right an orange orb or light appeared traveling at a slow speed. It was relatively high in the sky but appeared to be very close to my position and yet I couldnt see any structure     associated with the light it was as if it were on fire, a frozen fire because there was no flickering nor smoke nor was anything falling from the object. I was completely floored by the sight of it mostly because this was a relatively large size light , about half the size of my thumb at arms length and larger vertically than horizontally and yet no sound could be heard, no flickering of light such as all aircraft have fore and aft and so I couldnt figure out what it was. For a moment I entertained the possiblility it was a meteor and hoped that if it were one it would drop some material that I could retrieve.
As I watched this light proceed in a north to south direction I noticed , again to my right, just over my right shoulder, a quick movement and looking that direction I saw another light that seemed to swoop (for want of better way to explain how it appeared to fly) into view coming from a north to south direction and changed direction immediately to a east west direction and then again to the same apparent direction as the other light which apppeared to be from north to south.. It assumed the same height and speed of the original light  and was also orange and appeared to be on fire but with no flickering observed nor flame, smoke or matter emitted and it was completely silent. There was also no wobbling nor wavering of either object in the sky.. The second object, although seeming to be the same apparent size of the first object was more of a tear-drop shape than the other one and it had a rather spiky appearance to its light. These objects appeared to be entirely composed of light I could not make out any features. However they flew as if they were intelligently controlled, I mean they seemed to have purpose. 

I was thinking someone else must be able to see these objects, people were out watching and shooting- off fireworks and so their was good chance that someone was looking up at the sky at the time --
I felt very excited seeing these objects because Ive never seen anything like them before and I felt I was seeing a priviledged view of something spectacular but by no means did I think I was the only one who could see these objects.. The big dipper was in the northwest sky and was setting..these objects were approximately half-way up the dipper or a degree or so more than half way up the sky in my estimation, about the same height a small aircraft would fly and lower than a jet would fly. They were moving slower than I have observed any aircraft fly other than a blimp. 
I have seen plenty of aircraft in the skies and none have ever had running lights as large as the size of these two , not even a helicopters light appear as large and helicopters Ive seen in the near vicinity of my house always have had white lights. These lights were definitely not white but were quite orange tinged with golden yellow.

The two lights, (the second light had somewhat caught up to the first light), continued to move steadily and at the same height in a southerly direction and I as watched them, looking from one to the other, I noticed the first light appear to turn to the west and began to get smaller as if fading out or even burning out? I watched it completely disappear in less than a minute, less than fifteen seconds actually. I looked back to the other light and at that moment it too appeared to change direction, from moving south to moving to the west and it began to fade from sight appearing to be going west directly away from me straight ahead of me, as opposed to the first one which had traveled further south and therefore was at an angle to me (west/southwest) when it disappeared. I was facing due west. I did not take my eyes off of the second one and I watched it as it got progressively smaller until I could see only a tiny white circle such as a star would appear in the distant sky and it seemed to be very far away, but for all I know it had stayed in place and merely faded out. It had also taken less than a minute to disappear, that is, for it to no longer appear to be present in the sky. There was nothing left in the sky along their apparent flight path such as debris etc, smoke, or contrails.
I have seen planets in the night sky and they always appear to be sharply round or at least sharp in their outline whereas these objects had irregular outlines and were brilliant in appearance, really beautiful in color  although neither gave off a glow nor had a "halo"
I don't know what happened to either object except they appeared to become progressively smaller until I could no longer see them at all.
 I scanned the sky for another hour on this clear night (with the full moon behind me) for anything even vaguely resembling what I saw but did not see anything moving in the sky, not even the occasional aircraft I normally see in the evening. 
I have never seen anything like this before but Im eighty percent sure theres an explanation other than an extraterrestrial one.
