{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-15 04:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503472","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55471","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2913,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/472/mufon-5503472.json","updb_database_id":5503472}
{cak} This happened during eclipse as soon as moon became red

Came out to watch eclipse throughout night. Saw the eclipse from start to finish activity of ufo it started when moon turned red. I saw a triangular object moving in weird directions it had one light at tip than another at far end, than at other end was a pulsating light. It was moving up down left right figure 8 very smooth gliding. Than noticed to the east of it were about 1 dozen small objects flying around some shooting like flares and others blinking lights, in no order that made any sense or had a pattern, sometimes there were no blinks for a while. The smaller lights at one point got into formation which it kind of looked like it was preparing to go into a mother ship, it had one light at the top the formation lines in the middle and one light at bottom. Some seemed to be diamond shaped but some seemed to look star like. regardless. 
I watch the sky's often and never saw movement or anything like this before. Some of the blinks of lights actually looked like this symbol -= a sold line with 2 dashes. The colors varied on all but the triangular one had steady orange lights in the corners. It took me a while to realize it was one ship or at least I think it was because the lights were not ALWAYS on the three points of the triangle. At one point of the night the triangle ship had a streak of white light that went from the first point heading towards the middle of ship. However it was only 4 lights but each bar was longer. Example: or like these dashes but horizontal kinda like a strobe * - -- --- 
This event happened for about 2 hours first appearance came again when moon was starting to red and they diapered as soon as the moon was back to full and normal being very bright. I assume that is why they left. It was about 6:15-6:39 the event ended. 
I've looked for this for a long time and was shocked by so many of them. My phone couldn't pick up the pucks as ufo were to small weird though a couple times though the icon for phone shut me out but my phone dues that from time to time. At first I thought it was a sati might but the movement was not of earth like. After 10 min I grabbed my glasses to verify what I was seeing. In addition about 5:00 the newspaper boy was delivering and he was witnessing this event as well.
