Date                         Date
  Case No.:             1650                         01-09-2021                         30-08-2024
                                      Report:                       Resolution:
                  Los Quillayes-                                                       Probably
   Location:                              Region:         Maule        Classification:
                 Sagrada Familia                                                          Explained
An abnormal aerial sighting was reported at "02:26" hours on December 22, 2020, from the Los Quillayes sector.
The reported sighting was described as a "bright beam of light in the sky", white in color and with a "size approximately 50% that of the moon". The witness indicated that
This was located at “30 km approx” from its position, which was visible for “1:52”
"It appeared in a 'totally clear sky' from the southeast and disappeared towards the southeast 'at about the height of San Rafael towards the mountains'. He added that it 'moved slowly into the sky until it disappeared' and that 'it lit up the sky for as long as the event lasted, it was a very bright light, we thought it was the moon for a moment.'"
Finally, he testified that "suddenly we noticed that the sky lit up and everything became clear, we raised our eyes and saw the light in the sky, at first my friend thought it was still, then I insisted that it was moving slowly and I managed to capture with my cell phone camera that it was indeed moving, as it was moving away upwards, the dogs started to howl, etc, the light continued."
"It was rising and suddenly, as if the light turned, it disappeared."

The case featured the video "20201222_022408.mp4."

A study location was georeferenced in the Los Quillayes sector.

The forensic analysis of the case's video confirmed its digital integrity and that it was captured by a camera of an Android 11 device at 02:26 (HL) on the reported date. It was studied considering each of the 3,366 frames.
Investigation: What it comprises.

Figure 1 illustrates what was studied as depicted in the initial table. The review of the frames determined that what was presented was an object emitting light, which resulted in the partial visibility of the background stars. Its silhouette was altered due to the camera's automatic focus system (Figure 2).

Figure 1

Figure 2
Digital zoom was applied from frame 25. The size differences of the object in Figure 3 were caused by the image processor's treatment, which enlarged the small object sector by cloning pixels, thus introducing alterations that were not necessarily present originally.

Figure 3

The visible trajectory and speed of the studied object were influenced by the camera's movements. (Figure 4)

Figure 4. Camera movement influence. Frames 883 and 893.
The review of the aerial scene around the time of the filming did not reveal the presence of any aircraft that could have left the captured trace.

Based on the United Nations Register of Objects Launched into Outer Space maintained by the United Nations Office for Outer Space Affairs, it was confirmed that on the day of the sighting, there was only one satellite launch: From the Wenchang Space Launch Center in southern China, the space mission 2020-102 took off.
Using for the first time a Long March 8 rocket (Figure 5).

Figure 5. Launch of the 2020-102 space mission. Photo: China National Space Administration

This craft was 50 meters long, had two central stages and two lateral thrusters. It has six engines powered by liquid oxygen, liquid hydrogen, and kerosene.

Figure 6 shows that, at the time of filming, the rocket was deploying the only surviving satellite of the payload it carried.
Its position was found to be consistent with what was reported.

                                                                 Figure 6

Based on the analysis of the testimony and the results of the geographical, forensic, photographic, and aerospace transit studies, it was concluded that: what was reported was consistent with the flight of the 2020-102 space mission of the People's Republic of China from the Wenchang Space Launch Center. Case classified as Probably Explained.
