COMMENTS FROM OUR WITNESSES

"Without a doubt, the video link they sent me is exactly the same phenomenon we witnessed. And the professional research work done to provide a logical explanation is excellent. It's pleasing to know that there is a specific area of the Argentine Air Force dedicated to these phenomena, with trained personnel for in-depth analysis of the same." (Santiago C.)

"I am truly surprised by how explicit they were in demonstrating the truth about..."
"This image, graphing with several examples and taking the time to answer me in an exceptional way. From now on, I thank you for the courtesy of answering and clarifying all my doubts, and in the case of obtaining more strange images about this phenomenon, I will not hesitate to send them for your analysis. Many thanks." (Esteban R).

"It gives me great satisfaction for the effort and enthusiasm put in by you and your group, in clarifying this situation that generated the photographic capture, and of course, a pleasant honor."
"We are fortunate to have such professionals within our beloved Air Force. I send you a
cordial greeting for you and your team" (Javier P.).

"Very interesting the information you have provided to me, perhaps for me the mystique of
the image disappeared a little, but I understand the logical response to this phenomenon. I
appreciate what I have learned! It's good that there is support for this type of phenomena or
unknowns, which without the help of professionals in the field, could not have answers." (Federico)
Thank you very much for your analysis, and for the quality of it. From now on, I am very satisfied with
your response; for the quality and professionalism of it. (José Carlos P.)

"The truth is that I was pleasantly surprised regarding the professionalism and dedication taken in
each case, beyond the conclusion. I have no choice but to congratulate you" (Elisardo U.).

"I am very happy that there is an organism that analyzes cases seriously and that we can have
definitive answers" (Florencia M.).
"Many, many thanks for this so detailed and truly scientific explanation.
If I had known of the existence of this office, I would have contacted them immediately, until
yesterday I thought I had something inexplicable in that photo" (Fernando V.).

"Thanks for the information sent; a clear document, with detailed information and
particularly stands out the professionalism shown" (Alejandro d. P.).

1
"I want to congratulate you as I see that you work very seriously with your team. Please
convey my congratulations to everyone. Thank you for responding. I am always observing the
sky, so I hope to continue sending observation forms." (Daniel L.)

"Of course, I find the conclusion interesting and it makes perfect sense as the information
contained is very didactic." (Leandro I.)

"Many thanks for clearing up the doubt we have had for several years. I admire your work,
attention, and dedication." (Alberto R.)
"Thank you for your dedication and passion and for helping us understand. May much more people..."
"it was like this" (Gonzalo S.).
"To tell the truth, I am very happy, and I find what they do fascinating. I congratulate them."
"I thank you again" (Eleonora).
"Thank you for having dedicated the time and explained it to me with so much patience."
(Tamara L.)
                                              2
