{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-12 06:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524970","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30831","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2591,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/970/mufon-5524970.json","updb_database_id":5524970}
3 brigth white lights in an irregular triangular configuration

I was headed to work this morning driving noth on Stanton Rd. approaching ramp to 166, Lakewood (Langford now) Freeway. To the west/northwest noticed bright lights over the distant treeline, maybe 35 degrees on the horizon. I slowed down as I drove and saw it was apparently not moving. Then I stopped in the road so I could discern whether it was moving or not and it appeared to be drifting a bit to the south. A vehicle approached from behind and I had to go ahead as the road is on the narrow side and there was no place I could pull onto the shoulder of the road. As I pulled up to the red light at the ramp to go east on Lakewood Freeway, I glanced over my shulder and it was still there. Then, as I turned onto the ramp and was picking up speed, I glanced again and I saw 3 lights in same formation, but now less than half the former brightness, headed east by south east at some speed. I can only assume this was the same object as I had not seen any other air traffic in the sky previously. No sound was detected. This gave me an uneasy feeling as whatever it was, it was not any familiar object and the lights werre brighter than on any regular airplane or helicopter. At first glance, I thought maybe it could be the ISS but it wasn't moving. When I'd stopped to observe it, I could see it was definitely something "different". There might be some explanation for it, maybe an early morning launch of a blimp but I could detect no shape behind the lights, appeared to be an irregular cluster of 3 bright lights, that is, the lights appeared to be in an unconventional triangular array and not uniformly spaced but I could see no framework. Maybe somebody at Charlie Brown Airport could shed light on this - maybe they noticed something. I couldn't really tell how far away it was , maybe a half mile. Not knowing the actual size of the object, it would be hard to say how high up it was, maybe as little as 1000 to 1500 ft.
