{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-06-06 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486970","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72715","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3457,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/970/mufon-5486970.json","updb_database_id":5486970}
{rjl} Triangle hovered just over our heads for unknown time

I was illegally burning garbage in the City of Wausau with two other guys. One of the guys told me to look at the sky just over my house, so I did. I was shocked to see a huge black triangle silently floating just over my house. I stood frozen as it turned and slowly came at us. It dropped even lower as it descended on us. It blocked out the sky and I didn't even turn my head to see all three corners. I just stared at it's center and noticed the lights changing color and intensity, but didn't turn my head. I was frozen or seemingly caught in a time warp where nothing changed. The bugs didn't make sounds, the wind stopped, I couldn't even think...just like time had stopped. After what seemed like only 20 seconds, the triangle turned and slowly drifted south of us and silently disappeared behind the Fox55 television towers.
  The two guys were friends of mine. However, after this happened, I never spoke to either friend ever again. Ken walked away and went home, Dave stumbled away and never heard from again. I couldn't walk right so I slowly locked the gate to the yard and went straight to bed. 
  The next morning I couldn't remember anything. I tried for hours, but no memory. I walked to the yard to look around. Then I went home and still couldn't remember anything from the night before. I finally had a feeling of seeing something in the sky, so I really thought about it until I remember seeing a triangle. 
  Within a week or so, all the veins in my left leg blew up and collapsed. They hung out of my leg like water balloons. The first two doctors wanted to remove my leg from the knee down. A third Doctor in Marshfield's St. Joseph hospital removed the affected veins and I can still walk. 
  I still have never heard from my drummer Dave or my neighbor Ken. I have this feeling that something really bad happened to me that night, but I can't remember. I wish someone would hypnotize me to find out, but I don't know who will do this for me. 
  Also, when I woke up the next morning, my girlfriend told me that I went to bed really late. I remember opening a beer at 10:00 at night and starting burning the roofing material. All the piles were still scattered around the yard, all the beer still in the case, and the fire pit was entirely out when the triangle floated away. Usually my fire pit would take an hour or more to burn off enough that I could add more.
  When I left, I remember thinking, "they let me live". 
If there is any way of finding out what happened to me for about a 2 hour loss of time, please let me know. I have had the feeling since that they are still taking me. I've had the strangest injuries in the last few years. Things that wouldn't hurt someone, can cause me great injury. Please help me get some answers.
Thank You:
[Name removed/cms/tg]
