{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-11-25 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5464970","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95834","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2759,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/970/mufon-5464970.json","updb_database_id":5464970}
{cak} Thanksgiving family get-together at grandparents. Cousin and I playing outside. Witnessed object slowly moving north over garden. No sound

While at a Thanksgiving family get-together, myself and my cousin were playing outside in our grandparents front yard. At this time I was 5 or 6 years old, my cousin was 7 or 8. My grandmother had a huge garden that was probably 3 acres East of her house. The area around my grandparents is mainly cattle and farming land. While playing on a swing I noticed a large saucer shaped object coming from the south and slowly moving north directly over my grandmother's garden. It was a silver like dull chrome, had a dome on top from the mid section and a smaller dome like property on the bottom. The one thing that drew my attention were the circular lights that were all the way around the mid section of the craft. They were pulsating and blinking with multiple colored lights. My cousin and I watched without moving or saying a word. Even at this age I knew the craft was not normal. The fact that it made no sound and moved so slowly. I approximate the speed at 2 to 5 miles an hour. After watching this craft for what seemed like 5 minutes (probably 25 to 30 seconds). We both ran inside to get our parents to get them to come out and see this object. I was so excited and talking so fast by the time we coerced an adult to come out, craft was gone. This sighting was forever burned into my memory and I can to this day draw the object I witnessed. The interesting thing is my cousin doesn't recount any of the event. Recently had a family reunion and talked with her about this. She said she vaguely remembers the time but cannot remember the event. I vividly remember her running in before me scared and upset about what we saw. She would not come back outside after we went in. An interesting fact about Lexington AL in the mid to late 70s was a hot bed of UFO sightings most notably the Lexington "Dump" or landfill. At one time there were so many people coming to the landfill to watch the skies the local police had to set up a parking section and coordinate. To my knowledge after the late 70s the sightings ceased.
