{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-07-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509970","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48444","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4819,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/970/mufon-5509970.json","updb_database_id":5509970}
{nd} Object(s) not seen until disposable camera film was developed sometime later.

I was taking pictures with a disposable 35mm camera of our house exterior (admiring the way the siding wed had installed 9in 2005 looked so well). Our location was in New England, North Dakota- a very small prairie town of about 560 people. I was proceeding along the south side of our house snapping pix, then came around to the East side of the house and noticed my husband was filling a bird feeder under a tree in the yard. He was facing roughly North as he stood filling the feeder. I snapped the pic of him and the nice evening sky... Neither of us saw anything in the sky at the time at all- and I did not immediately get the film developed, so I cannot say with any definitive certainty what day or time I took the photo. Our best guess is that it was ROUGHLY sometime in July?? 2006, and likely early evening approx 7PM-ish (??). It was only after the prints were returned that we noticed a strange box-kite-ish looking thing (somewhat blurry, but quite large!) in the sky roughly in a NE position relative to where we were, filling the bird feeder and taking the photo. There are some gauzy white clouds in the photo in a band behind the craft(s) or object(s)- but most of the sky is slate-blue overcast, though sunlight is present and high contrast shadows are on the green grass cast upon the grass by the house and below the tree my husband is standing under. He himself is standing in the shadow cast by the tree. In the sky, roughly NE from our house are 2 crafts or object(s) visible in the photo... but I didn't even notice the second one until I got the photo onto my computer and (just recently) chose it as my desktop photo while a computer repair guy was at our house in Ohio. (we moved away from North Dakota in 2011.) I was telling our computer guy about the UFO photo and showed it to him, and he showed me how to enlarge the view of the photo on screen -- at which point I noticed for the first time ever looking at the photo that there seemed to be a SECOND object further in the distance than the very obvious large one closest to us. As best we could tell, the second, more distant object or craft looked in general shape and (somewhat fuzzy) detail still looked very much in general shape/outline to  resemble/mimic the more easily apparent appearance of the large object closest to us. Most of the questions you have asked about I cannot answer becasue neither my husband or I saw the craft(s) or object(s) in the sky at the time the photo of them was taken. It actually seems very weird to us that we did NOT see the closer object because we were looking in its direction and it is really pretty large looking /close -looking. I can tell you that there were no kids out in the field behind us flying box kites.. and that none of the power poles distantly visible, nor objects or buildings in surrounding neighbor yards had things attached or attachable to them that could explain what we can see as a somewhat blurry, but really DEFINITE and large object looming quite close to where we were but (maybe??) 500+ ft above in the sky! The second , more distant but similar looking object is even harder to guess dimensions and elevation of than the near object... but as big as the near object looks it actually spooks me out that we did NOT see it at all until we got the film back.. What finally triggered me to send you the photo and this (likely rather unhelpful) sighting report is that it really blew me away when I realized there was seemingly a SECOND one of these odd objects in the distance! Somehow that seemed even weirder than the fact of seeing the (equally inexplicable) closer object shown in the photo--! Not sure why, but the thought that there were two of these things hovering or passing above made me think finally that this was all just too odd NOT to file a report , even though so many details are unknown (since we did not register seeing the object(s) in real time. Which is strange in and of itself given the size of the object closest to us! AT any rate- there you have it !!
