{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-07-16 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5477970","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"82173","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2206,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/970/mufon-5477970.json","updb_database_id":5477970}
It was in colour identical to a road flare and it hovered over a hydro power plant

I am reporting this sighting after having viewed your program Hangar 1. What I am reporting to you people happenned in 1979. I was a police officer patrolling my sector when I saw this bright red (same as a road flare) spheric object hoverring over a power plant. It was before Sunset and many others saw this phenomena which was very visible for more than a minute. I pulled my police-cruiser on the shoulder to observe this and other vehicules did the same. As anticipated, I was asked what the object was by the people witnessing the same thing and I couldn't answer them. Whatever it was, it didn't last long and disappeared out of sight leaving no trace at all. It was only a few days later I read in our local paper that an unidentified flying object had been reported and had been catalogued as a U.F.O. I never officially signaled this incident before to anyone but do still have in my possession a clipping of what I had read in the paper. I don't know if you will even acknowledge to what I am sending and I do request complete confidentiality. Why I am reporting this to your organization is because of what you seem to be requesting of the public through your program. I am now retired and 62 years of age. I have donated a kidney in 2009, have sufferred a heart attack in 2011 and was operated for a skin cancer. My life funnel, like everyone else is narrowing and for whatever this information can be of value for you, i'll leave that up to you to decide. Was this energizing itself over the power plant I have no idea.
