{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-04 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482970","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76972","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6588,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/970/mufon-5482970.json","updb_database_id":5482970}
{nd} four+ Orbs entered field of view at the Orion Lookout (on the same glide-path, one at a time) about 25 sec. apart; Some responded to green laser pointers (3 flashes got 3 bright pulses); Surface of ORBs reflected laser, like a baby-moon hubcap

I was at the 'Contact in the Desert - IV' event, held at Joshua Tree 
Retreat Center (J.T.R.C) from June 2nd to the 6th, 2016 with friends.

On Saturday evening, our small CE-5 OC Team went out to the 
skywatch at about 10:00 PM after the evening presentations were done. 
A lady from Sedona, AZ was holding a planned demonstration of her 
Night Vision scopes. The Crowd was rather 1loud1 and in a party atmosphere. 
She was using a P.A. to "talk over" the noise 
of the large group that was present.

There were a number of Night Scopes available and there was 
a lot of "tire kicking" going on, mostly looking up, for moving objects.
The sky was pretty exceptional; Mars was like a 1red piece of coal1 
to the South. The Milky-Way was pretty bright as it was the 
1New Moon night1, being June 4th. The Orion Overlook is on a rise, 
on the J.T.R.C. property, overlooking the Campground, in the wash, 
below, and faces pretty much North.

At about 10:10 PM. things started happening! I was sitting 
with friends on the dirt road at the edge of the concrete pad 
for the Orion Overlook.

As the lady was demonstrating the Night Vision scopes, 
someone yelled that there was something coming out of the West 
(from the Highway 62 direction). A Orb of light appeared, flying 
quite low, moving at maybe 30 to 50 MPH, heading East-ward. 
I think that the first one I saw was Green.

I was sitting in my camp chair still trying to set up my camera 
and I saw it coming from the far left. It was to the left of a 
young tree on the edge of the road and I was seeing it pass 
behind this tree (at my angle through the branches)...
then it passed cleanly to the right of the tree. I tried to re-focus 
my binoculars.. everything behind it was Sharp, but the lighted 
Object was fuzzy. It was cruising at what I estimate at about 
500 feet off the ground (AGL) and maybe 1,000 feet in front of us,
across the campground wash (from L to R), but appeared to be still 
in front of the far hillside.

Then, again, someone yelled "there1s another one" (same path)!
This one I think was Blue. I tried to get my camera screwed 
onto the Tripod; I could not get the threads to catch - darn -
and people were all shouting...what a joke...finally, the threads 
caught! I wasn1t expecting to see anything and was ill-prepared 
to say the least with my Olympus Point & Shoot. I got my camera 
turned on, in video mode, and just left it run for a while.

I thought I might catch something...as bright as the Orbs were.
In the end, all I got was the sound of the crowd and a couple 
of dots of light! I stopped and started the video several times, 
as I was not sure how much space I had remaining on my 
SD card.

Then, someone yelled "there1s another 1 there1s another", 
while laughing. Sure enough, they just kept coming... 
another and another showed up...
don1t remember all the colors; I lost track of how many.
My friend were chorgling1and laughing1I heard my name 
called out1

I was thinking to myself - "were they Drones?
My little drone has Red & Green lights, it can1t fly that high1
or that steady1(not with me as pilot!)". These were flying, 
literally for "miles". Mine doesn1t have the battery life or 
I thought, "who would be flying these things for our benefit 
or embarrassment...If these were professional or military 
grade Drones..why did we not see the craft or air-frame?" 
I do remember seeing one of our people's green laser 
pointers reflected off of one...something shiny1 like a 
"baby moon" hubcap. "Was it a force field?" I thought...

They seemed to be flying along the same glide-path (like Geese) 
spaced about about 20 to 25 Seconds apart.
They all appeared to be of equal radiance; Green, Blue and Gold 
colored 1Orbs of light1; Maybe a Reddish-Gold one too. 
I saw at least four of them, maybe more.

There was no sound (well, no sound I could hear over the 
chatter of the 60 or so people, screaming and laughing). 
Some people were trying to be quiet without much success.

My binoculars were in focus, but the Orbs were still soft-edged.
I could see sort of energy rings "modulating" around in them,
when using my binoculars. The light was pretty bright and 
steady, otherwise.

Some guys flashed their green Laser Pointers at them.
The lady, excitedly said, Stop laser-ing!...wait until you are 
sure that they are not Aircraft...with flashing Red & Green lights!

She then, gave them the go-ahead to signal1three pulses of light...
(Dot-Dot-Dot) and some of the Orbs did respond, likewise!
I saw at least one of the Orbs responded back to the three pulses 
of light with three bright pulses (back to dimmer light) of its own.
Yeow!  My chest was about to explode, I had forgot to breathe!

I did not see the following happen, but someone in the group 
was saying that when the Orbs moved off to the right 
(beyond my view through all the people) that they slowed down 
their speeds, joined up and sped off "like Jets"; or, 
in three different directions...maybe into a triangle 
and then moving off??? Just hear-say...as I didn't see them 
do any maneuvers.

I hope that the Lady's "Crew" has some video come out!!!

There were about 2,500 people in attendance at the 
1Contact in the Desert IV1 event. The Temperature got into the 
triple-digits during mid-day, but it got quite cool at night.

The short Video segments I recorded are large files and not worth much, 
except to verify that there were a lot of excited people in attendance 
and announcing the "next arrivals".
