{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-01-19 17:51:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289970","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113380","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4720,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/970/mufon-5289970.json","updb_database_id":5289970}
Metalic tic-tac shaped craft

My small children and I witnessed something in the sky above our home that despite my best efforts I cannot explain.

The temp was about 40 degrees, clear conditions and the sun was just starting to set. We sit up on a ridge and have a great view from all around us, great for star gazing which is a hobby of mine. As we got out of the car my 5 yr old son asked what the line was in the sky, and he pointed at the contrail stretching over the house. They were all over the sky that day, but as I looked up over the roof of the house at the contrail, I saw just to the left of it a large object motionless in the sky. It was large, about the size of a commercial plane, but it had no wings and no tail, it was oblong shaped kind of like a tic tac lol. No windows or lights that I saw, and it was silver. Like galvanized metal silver. I was at about a 40 degree angle looking at it so I got a good look at the end and side of it. It was at about 70 degrees above elevation, if I calculated it correctly. The details are still very clear in my mind, as was the look I got of it. The sun setting to my right, was shining onto the side of it and reflecting brightly. As it flew away, it appeared to be glowing white due to the reflection. There were no lights otherwise, nothing flashing or glowing aside from the glow of the suns light reflecting off of it. No windows or anything identifying on its side. I quickly pulled out my phone and ran around to the back patio to record what I saw, but by the time I got around it had already moved a significant distance away where it became stationary again breifly, before flying away heading southeast. In the video I am standing stationary. You will see the object located above the tallest tree trop to the left and then moves between the two tallest tree tops as it flew farther away in a SE direction. The object appears like glowing orb at some times and at other times you can make out the oblong shape, especially if you zoom in on it. I scanned the sky a few time to see if any objects or possibly planes were in the sky. 

I was in LE for several years, I’ve seen quite a bit, but never anything like this. What first struck me was the lack of sound. There was none. It also produced no contrail whatsoever. A helicopter has no contrail but you hear them before you see them, and they frequently fly over heading to the hospital or it’s law enforcement doing a sweep over certain areas, something I’m very familiar with. There is a small airport west of the downtown area, but I’m used to the single engine planes that usually come/go. The commercial planes I see regularly heading to the Lexington airport fly the opposite direction and at a much higher altitude. When I first saw the object it was maybe at 15-20,000 feet? I don’t know for sure, but it was higher than a helicopter flying over and was definitely higher than I’ve seen a helicopter hover over a wooded area for example. It wasn’t flying at the normal height I see jets etc fly over either though. I believe commercial planes fly at 35-38,000 feet? It definitely rose in altitude as it flew off but for the majority of the time it was in my field of view, it was below that. 

The following day on my drive home from work, about 5:30 pm, I saw 4 jets flying over highway 64. Two going one direction and two the opposite. All 4 were flying low, at roughly the same altitude as I saw the object, but two things stuck out that cemented in my mind that a plane was Not what I witnessed. 1) all 4 had contrails and 2) I could distinctly see tails and wings of the planes.
