{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-08 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507970","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50701","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2739,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/970/mufon-5507970.json","updb_database_id":5507970}
{rjl} This is 3rd night in row. Was outside looking at sky, thought saw shooting start. Then again - only they didnt fall. I noted 2 triangles form after they wre in circle they move like shooting star and dont fall see clouds behind them & no moon

I was outside looking out at the sky, really nice evening. I noticed right away that there were more stars out than usual and brighter! I saw what i thought was 2 shooting stars, red flashing like. But the stars didn't fall. So I kept watching! First there was like 8, then about 12-14 of these "stars".

They formed 2 triangles - again the white sparkle lights, there was one large one and one big one. They were just stationary most of the time, but once they did form a circle. A while later I noted them go into the triangle. But there were a few that were just to the side. Not in triangle. Flashing stars/flairs, red! 

I have seen this THREE nights in a row! They were still out there 20 minutes ago! They see to come about 9 pm and hoover till midnight, tonight its 1 am! It looks like a fleet.

You can see them flash, sometimes fall a straight line, like a shooting start - red flare. They flash in and out - then come back. So I guess I had a couple things going on!

I just went outside because it was nice out - Ive never seen anything like this! Honestly it gave me a panic attack tonight! They are intamidating looking!!!!! 

How can I see the clouds behind them when there is no moon out and its dark. The stars are in one area only - same spot the last 3 nights. no other "stars" around! Clear, and we don't get that many stars at my area of the city. Plus I looked later on and they are ALL gone!

Right now they are still here. I have seen them form a circle. Then triangle. Some just kind of flash or act like shooting stars.

Im not sure what is going on but 3 nights in a row and they do not act like stars. i a m kind of freaked out!!! Ive not seen this before. 
But everyone else sees them less time - I have seen them one hour last night, going on 3 tonight and about 2 1/2 the night before! Why are they staying here so long?????

Advice? Im scared!
