{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-21 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523069","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32918","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3716,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/069/mufon-5523069.json","updb_database_id":5523069}
orange/red lights objects or linked as one formed large triange form & smaller triangle of 3 orbs each

Friday, October 21st I arrived home from work at a later than normal hour, nearly 11pm. My wife had been home for some time playing with a small kitten we had adopted. She tells me that there would be a meteor shower, something about Haley's Comet trail breakup near Orions belt. We live in south Florida near enough to the Ft Lauderdale inter-coastal and nearby beach that looking south east we are just a small distance inland. This is where she believed Orion's Belt should be, but I found out later we were looking toward where the constellation would appear (a few hours later). Right before we had ran out behind our house I picked up the small kitten and walked out, my wife was pissed that I insisted the kitten came out (for the first time and without mommy approval). We walked to the east toward our fence line to look toward the area we thought the meteors may be. I was lacking behind and stopped scanning the sky. As I walked backwards and turned around a mistyness was apparent. Until this time planes also buzzed around as we have two large airports both North and South. Detail point: when planes come in to the southern airport they will always make landings from the east from over the ocean or west from the everglades. Through this mistyness I saw three slow moving orbs, which made me double take and call out to my wife. Asking if she saw THAT she replied she saw it. To her point of view she saw a different object and form. I saw from below and as I walked nearer the object was slightly more overhead, but still my guess a block west, maybe more, and below clouds but shrouded in mist, moved without noise. There were three lights which played tricks on my eyes, tried to "hide" in a triangle shape, then as I moved closer I noticed a smaller formation lights/triangle just to the left/east of the larger one. Now more below I look up, the lights appear to be part of a flat black triangle object which the lights are framed by. The smaller also looked that way. I couldn't for sure tell if the lights were each an object or two triangle craft, or a larger craft with multiple lights really. It moved slow but sure south, toward the airport, which would certainly interfere with aircraft landing. It was not really high enough to be a airplane and should have made noise as low as it was. Once out of sight, the mist seemed to fade away after a while revealing the actual cloud cover which was a differnt color and texture than when this object passed. From then untill much later I saw no craft in the air, twenty minutes later off the coast I am sure a orange fast moving light short south. I expected to see some sort of military plane, this may have been one, but also was silent and moved south either along the beach or offshore. Still for another hour at least I saw no airplane activity to the south. Finally a jet plane (had the shape but not sure, flew kinda low) passed directly over me as I lay on my ground outback for well over an hour. Stayed out until 2am and saw nothing else.
