{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1890-03-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513069","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45218","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3175,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/069/mufon-5513069.json","updb_database_id":5513069}
(GS) march 29 1861 cross in sky over nyc with halo

the attachment is an 1858 baptism register from st. peters church in jersey city nj down near exchange place which i was looking thru for my family to see when they arrived in jersey city from ireland. i was looking at this on a roll of microfilm in a mormon library in caldwell nj. this is not fake. look at the note at the bottom on the attached page of the baptism register in pdf format. it reads like this : 
 
"Mr. Healey told me today that Mrs. T. Richard Kinder was looking out her garrit window (in nyc) on the nite of March 29,1861 in the direction of the church of the transfiguration at about 12 oclock. The nite was clear and dark with no moon when she saw a luminous cross in the sky with light eminating from around the head as it moved directionally across the sky. She awoke her husband Richard and he saw it also."


notice just before the story begins, they drew a diagram of the cross in the sky on the paper. they drew a second diagram at the top of the next page also. the church of the transfiguration is in chinatown nyc on mott street. so mrs. kinder was in nyc on baxter street (1 block west of mott street) looking east. baxter st. at the time was the famous slum called 5 points which is the background for the martin scorscese film "gangs of ny".


in 1861, there were no airplanes, no tall buildings but churches, no television, no reality shows to make you famous, and so i believe the woman and her husband saw something sincerely and told a priest thinking it was a vision from god. 

the light emanating from the head of the cross was obviously a cockpits light and the cross was a craft. btw, a garrit window is like an attic window in todays cape cod type homes. 


i researched the newspapers for nyc the following day to see if this could be corraberated.


i found a very interesting story that on canal street about 6 blocks away from baxter street a warehouse, a book bindery and a LABOROATORY went on fire and the entire city block burned to the ground the same evening as the cross in the sky. 


my theory is this: the cross was a type aircraft. the fire illuminated the belly of this metallic aircraft and so its fusilage glowed like a cross as the flames from the fire lit it up from below otherwise it never would have beeen noticed. remember according to the witness it was dark and clear with no moon. i also wonder what was in the laboratory that burned down.
