{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-03-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282069","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121400","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4423,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/069/mufon-5282069.json","updb_database_id":5282069}
Mostly at night/sometimes midday

The witnesses were from when I visited my sister for 9 days in Charlotte. Everyone in the house at the moment had the experiences as my sister thought it was because of my visit but my niece and I both have had some experiences, even together and we don't like talking about it. Not bad, just unexplainable. 
While I am home in Irvine (I live alone) I know I have had many experiences. They have become more memorable, like maybe they have decided to reveal a bit more to me but it is exhausting and I find the need to speak with someone about it all yet I am still compelled to not speak. I am sure if someone parks in Quail Hill and watches the skies between 11pm and 5am, I wake up same time every-time 3am or a little after and then I can hardly keep my eyes open after about 10 minutes... you will see something and you might even see it over my place. Sometimes they take me but somehow sometimes it is right in my room but it looks like I am somewhere else like they can change the scenery but I caught them a couple of times trying to do it thats how I figured it out. If you could just have someone park in Quail Hill and watch the skies or better yet park on the high hill/ mountain overlooking Quail Hill and you will see them its at least once a week or once every two weeks sometimes more frequent.. they might put you to sleep though so you need to have a plan in place so that they cant put you to sleep or zone you out. Ive tried moving a lot but its pointless.. I am tired of moving. And they aren't bad (at least not from what I can remember). They test me a lot since Charlotte, NC. And I don't think I would have my MBA at all if it wasn't for them doing something to my brain, seriously I have never been a good student. Also, when people say they had some anal probe its not that at all, the probe is how they check your internal organs, literally your entire internal system to make sure things are functioning properly. And they use this liquid or gel that tastes like medicine that keeps you under longer than usual, it has a very distinct taste when you wake up it is still in your mouth and sometimes can leave you with a hang over and leave you a bit groggy and sleepy. I have asked them to use less so my head doesn't hurt so bad and they have. They used to use this wand like thing and tap the back of my head but I think I told them that it zaps my regular daily life memories the stuff that I need to remember so they stopped that. When they come for medical reasons its usually a reptilian doctor and for some reason not bad looking not scary but its like a huge lizard with a human body that looks super fit or athletic wearing a doctors white lab coat but if its for testing its the ones that look like humans but different.. bigger eyes, all of them bald, and they are almost a translucent white with a tinge of blueish, sometimes I cant see what they look like at all because they would have on cloaks.. grayish dark like cloaks that cover everything.. those are the ones that do the electronic testing with pulsating lights in your eyes and weird shapes. I want to remember more but I cant. They dont let me see everything yet but they will eventually. Gosh I know I sound crazy and I am not ready to talk about it yet but I need someone to talk to about it. I am really tired, sometimes exhausted. The stories with my niece are far more interesting and I am glad they happened with someone present so I know I am not crazy! I just need for you guys to know the work you do is relevant and needed and I do hope that you get some recent footage from what I have told you about Quail Hill. You are appreciated with the time you put into all of the work and we are definitely not alone in the universe or on Earth. They are here and have been here for a very long time.
