{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-06-06 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483069","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76870","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6843,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/069/mufon-5483069.json","updb_database_id":5483069}
{nd} One 'fireball in sky-then 3 more shot out of desert at ground level in front of me.

At around 10pm on June 6, 2016 I was driving southbound on Ironwood Road..then turned left-heading east- on Germann Road. As I was driving it appeared the top of a power line on the left hand side of the road was glowing. As I approached I rolled my window down and it looked like a ball of fire was on top of the pole. I immediately thought it was an electrical fire. There were cars behind me so I continued about 1/4 mile and reached a turnabout and headed back in the direction I came. I was dumb founded when I could not see the fire on the electric power line pole. I made a left turn...a U turn if you will.. And started heading back down Germann road. I thought maybe an owl got zapped. I then saw directly in front of me a fireball moving across my path to the left...with a slight angle downward. I though it was some sort of electricity traveling down a power line but didn't really recall any power lines that stretched ACROSS the street. It looked like and reacted just like an electricity ball would traveling a wire. I pulled over to actually notify the police department. The non emergency line at the Pinal County Sheriffs office just kept repeating the same message so I hung up and began on the road..heading east on Germann...When this 'fireball' clearly came into vision and it was like nothing I had ever seen before. It also had a somewhat boomerang or long 'v' shape to it... I was shocked and clicked on the camera on my cell phone and fumbled with it in my complete shock before taking video. I then noticed the video stopped. I thought 'oh no...don't run out of data space now!' I clicked record again and started recording it as it headed in a northern direction towards Apache Junction. Then out of the corner of my eye I saw another BRIGHT...more of a red color 'ball' shoot out from the desert directly in front of me towards the north and then another. I believe you hear some explicit language come out of my mouth at that point while recording. I zoomed out and in a bit trying to get some sort of landmark..and followed the 'balls' as they made a triangle formation and headed towards Apache Junction. The 'balls' were no longer visible in my camera but I could still see them as they faded out over the Superstitions. I immediately called 911...and while describing the who what where of the incident..I now was traveling southbound on Schnepts Road...when I got to Ocotillo I did not continue on towards my home but took a left on Ocotillo to head towards the end of the road and where there is nothing but desert in the area. As I turned left on Ocotillo..east...there was a Pinal County Sheriff officer parked on the left/north side of the road. I made a u turn and pulled up behind him and told the 911 dispatch there was an officer here. Dispatch requested I keep him on the line. I walked to the vehicle and the officer rolled down his window and I said 'please tell me you saw that.' He said 'I didn't see it'. I said 'really??? You didn't see that??' He said no but dispatch is aware of it and an officer is responding'. The officer was short. And had an attitude like he could care less. I told him I have it on video. He looked at me like 'I don't care'. So I walked off and said to the dispatcher something along the line of 'well he's hardly concerned'. At that time an incoming call from the Pinal County Sheriffs Office popped up on my caller ID. I told dispatch and he stated to take the call and we would hang up.(how is it they are calling me??) I then spoke to an officer who said he also saw the three objects form in a triangle and head towards Apache junction. He said earlier in the evening he was with a family that we're going to release luminaries on behalf of a deceased family member at Ironwood and Ocotillo. I told the officer this was not luminaries...and ironwood is behind me...and these 'fireballs' shot up from ground level in FRONT of me. And Ocotillo is clearly SOUTH of me. He stated from his locating he could not pin point the 'starting' point of these 'luminaries' but said he caught sight of them as they formed a 'v' formation and headed towards Apache junction. I said there is no wind and the location these 'fireballs' came from were in an area strictly desert. No homes for miles to the east or north...and a good 2/3 miles to the south. I told him I had video. He seemed very interested and glad I captured it. He said 'I could see the fire in them with my naked eye'. He stated that he had no knowledge of any military action/training in the area. ( the old Rittenhouse military base is located in this general area in the closed off desert...with just a weathered landing strip remaining) the officer said he was going to head towards the people who had the luminaries and find out exactly when they released them. He also stated he would be heading out towards me...near the incident location to further investigate. I told him I would be awake for several more hours and if he indeed did find out that they were the luminaries to call me. But...I paused and said 'they weren't luminaries. They weren't. I saw them come straight out of the desert at ground level..there's no wind...and they traveled to 'pattern' like. The officer said he'd like to see my video and would be in contact if he found out anymore. We then hung up. My feeling was this officer also had no idea what it was we just witnessed.when I arrived home I felt scared. I locked the doors and messaged my girlfriend and sent her the first video. The 2nd was too large so I posted it to Facebook. Then I went online to google search if anybody else had seen what I did and decided to report it when I saw your link.
