{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-09-03 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466069","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94667","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3273,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/069/mufon-5466069.json","updb_database_id":5466069}
{jpg} Jersey Shore Cigar, Labor Day 2018

On Labor Day 2018, I had just arrived to the beach on the Jersey Shore When I laid down to get some sun around 3 pm. Almost immediately, I noticed an object of unknown size and height high up in the northern sky. If I had to estimate, I would guess an altitude between 70,000 and 140,000 feet, and at that height, approximately 2 to 4 times larger than a typical commercial passenger plane. The sky was mostly clear, with only some hints of cloud coverage. The object was oriented perpendicular to the horizon, and parallel to the shoreline. It was shaped like a slender vesica pisces, or cigar. When I first laid eyes on it, the object was on the edge of the largest cloud in sight, which happened to be positioned right in front of my gaze from my laying vantage point on the beach. The object vacillated from white to platinum-silver on the edge of the cloud, effectively removing itself from camouflage. Presumably, this color-change action is what must have allowed it to be plainly visible to me, in effective giving up it cloud-white camouflage. It moved at the pace of satellite, which I first presumed it was. Then continued to change colors from platinum-silver to blue and red to invisible to white and so on between these four colors plus invisibility, slowly, repeatedly. The object moved from the north to the east, then stopped. It moved back about 10% toward it1s original position toward north, then stopped again. It stayed there. I could not take my eyes off it and felt nearly entranced. It was among the most beautiful sights I have ever seen and the color and lights that is exuded were unlike anything I1ve ever seen before. After staring for over a minute, all the while it vacillating between invisibility and it1s 4 colors, I began to perceive a circular aura about the object and sense in some way that it was trying to communicate. It was after about 30 more seconds of this (app 90 seconds so far) that I turned to my friend to ask if he could see it to, to which he affirmed. I then asked him to describe what it was that he was seeing and his description matched what I myself was seeing. After a minute, I asked if he knew what it was or had ever seen anything like that before. He admittedly that he had never seen anything like it. Shortly after we continued staring, I turned to some strangers a few feet away to ask if they could see anything in the sky. One of them spotted it and immediately screamed, [phrase removed/CMS/jpg] and pointed when it then became invisible for good. I then lost track of the object, but couldn1t get it out of my mind, so I knew I had to report it here to MUFON. Thank you.
