{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-17 19:49:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487069","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72609","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3901,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/069/mufon-5487069.json","updb_database_id":5487069}
{cak} Was leaving my Mother's house we noticed an orange orb move accross the sky very low and just above the house. At first it looked like it had flames comming out of the bottom but really never seen anything like it. it moved from east for 20 seconds

Dear Mufon,
  Hello, I would like to share my experience of a very exciting incident which occurred two nights ago on November 17, 2015 in Charleston, West Virginia. It was almost 8 PM in the evening and was completely dark as I was leaving my mother's house. As I was getting into my car and talking to my mother who was standing next to the car I noticed object come into view behind her in the sky. I asked her what is that mother, she turned around and we both watched the object in amazement. It wasn't very far from us, perhaps 200 or 300 feet just above the treetops and above her roof. It looked like a glowing reddish orange orb. At first it looked like it had flames coming out of the bottom and the top part of it glowed extremely bright orange. It was moving rather quickly in a straight line from East to West against the wind. It did not appear to be a mechanical device although I am not sure because it did not look like anything I had ever seen. As it continued across the sky I pulled my cell phone out of my pocket and began to take pictures. Of course as anyone knows who has tried to take pictures of stars or the moon at night, bright objects in the night sky appear much smaller than they actually were in person. So the pictures appear to be a small orange object but in real life it was much bigger. If you enlarge the object in the picture you can clearly see the shape of the orb and it is very symmetrical. Also when I first saw the object it was very close to me however before I could take pictures it had moved quite a distance away. The whole event probably only took about 15 to 20 seconds before it moved out of sight and moved over the mountains headed towards the river. The object made no noise at all and did not seem to be powered by anything that I could tell which resembled an engine or any other power source. At first I thought maybe it was a bag of garbage that had caught on fire and was floating. However it did not move vertically up, it moved horizontally from East to West and just kept on going until it was out of sight. I could not say for sure how big it was it appeared to be about 5 to 10 feet but that is just a guess. I have been thinking about it for two days and I still do not know what I saw. My mother thinks it could have been a drone of some sort, but this does not make sense to me because of the range of the distance it covered and I have never seen a drone that look like that. I have pictures I can download and send to you. I would be very curious to know if anybody else in my area saw this object and reported it to anyone two nights ago. Thank you.

[Name removed/cms/tg]
