{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-30 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509069","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49376","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6167,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/069/mufon-5509069.json","updb_database_id":5509069}
{Cak} Seemingly telepathic single

Greetings All, and I do mean ALL, as I intend this statement to be entered into the Public Domain of every sentient being that may perceive my communications. This is a record of my personal experience that may not be refuted by any word; spoken or otherwise, for any purpose. 
I am the observer whom reported Three Amber Lights in Longmont, CO on 6/28/13. It is my experience that these "monitors" are not only intelligently guided, but are demonstrating some type of (rather coy and aloof) interplay again.
On 7/30/13 I settled into bed at @ 10:40 pm. I turned on my tablet device to see whats been posting on youtube. My bed is against a west wall, with a tall, old school window intersecting the central part of the bed. I had the blinds up and my attention was on the reddish heavenly body due west, about 40 degrees up. There had been some rain earlier, but it was partly cloudy with big billowy clouds, especially a dark one to my left, South. 
I glanced over the youtube homepage disappointingly and settled on their suggestion for a video of a woman who was assaulted in court by a cop. I was thinking: "Oh man, how far are things gonna go before we really change?" or something like that, when the newslady on the clip announced that a woman was /Sexually/ Assaulted in court - I thought "Aw cmon Thats Frickin Bull$#!t" and right then - I saw up above, at about the 10 - 11 o clock position in the S/W was a Big, uh, Searchlight? -Without a beam, though. I was like: "Dude, its You Guys!" I fumbled around, crossed the room to shut the overhead light, returned to stifle the tablet computer, grab my phone camera & get back to the window. The smaller reddish heavenly body was still due east above the neighbors roof. Slightly to the N/W was a constellation that had kind of a kite formation which seemed to change as it set N/W behind some tall trees and more spotty clouds. I was saying: "Are those stars setting fast and turning into a "W" shape"? The "Searchlight" or "Monitor" remained only briefly, it hung in the one spot, to the left of the heavenly body (S/W) and did not fly away, fade, fizzle, or anything other than switch OFF! Nothing remained of it, the impression it left on my eye, the "trail" so to speak, was sort of a can shape, but I could just as easily say that effect was an artifact of light like any other blur and not attributable to the Orb having a cylindrical form. What I can say is, it had a whiter mid-area and an orange edge/ corona/ aura or whatever. It did not appear to have the Halo that really set some past sightings apart from mere "Huh" to "Wow"! I mean this was still VERY "Wow", but the almost rosy hue to the extended outer edge of ones Ive seen in the past make this seem flatter in a way. The previous ones had a lens flare quality around them and demonstrated definite command of the airspace.
This one appeared to register my emotional flash, as if to tell me: "YES, THIS IS WHAT WE HAVE BEEN TRYING TO TELL YOU", but when I wanted to capture some images, They/It were like: "Nope, Sorry"! -The way it simply Blinked Out was ridiculous. I seriously felt like I was in "The Truman Show" or like some kind of little lab rat or something. 
*Earlier in that day, 7/30/13, while playing guitar, I saw a Tiny Orb in very near proximity to me, it was basically black in the center, had a bright ring of color and more black to the edge. Most of my experiences have by far been with these tiny "Doo-Dads", although its usually the red "Sparkle" types and the pale blue, round, flat looking, I dunno: "fuzzballs" The dark ones with color bands within their outer edge feel like they really have their game down.
I have no idea if the little Doo-Dads and the big Drone/Probe/Monitors are even aware of each other in any way, or if I am particularly sensitive to paranormal activity, or what?... but you all should know that: as I am writing this, I am presently hearing what may be considered "The Hum" that used to seem like a silly story to me... I can hear the crickets, I can hear the home appliances, I hear a plane and road noise and even a little tinnitis perhaps, which sounds like a high tinsely sound. These are all separate and distinct from the deeper recurring tones that almost go: "VVooo Vvvooo Vvooooo V Voooo...". Ive been hearing it alot these past few years, but whats truly freaky is when it draws to a complete halt all of a sudden, like: "ok, thats a wrap!... One long boring-ass tone Brrrooooo-Brrroooo-Brrroooo- forever, and... Cut!" Its Bizarre, but its my Truth. 
*As a side note, it may interest some readers that on 6/29/13, the next night after "Three Amber Orbs", I was about to sleep when I heard a sound outside this same window, I saw a fuzzy white cat sitting still on a flat stone right by where my head would lay, with just the wall of the house between us... She would not let me touch her so I just let her flop down and lay, and went to bed, reminded of some movie out there with characters haunted by the specter of owl-like alien apparitions... It must be those big almond-shaped-eyes! 
& The next day, 6/30/13, some ravens showed me they can tug wires from the device mounted atop the edge of a big box store, so I only expect things to get even more interesting from here on out. 
Oh, and a big brown bear crossed my path on 7/27/13 (I was driving in S/W CO), I took it as a good omen. 
~There is so much more to tell, I Wish You All the Very Best In Life; Please Please Please be kind, you wont regret it.
