{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-05-10 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529069","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26468","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2968,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/069/mufon-5529069.json","updb_database_id":5529069}
Very large Cigar/Cylinder-shaped UFO over Crystal Lake

On Monday, May 10th, 2010 my oldest son came home to tell me he had seen lightning while outside biking with his friends. I told him he must have been mistaken as it was a warm beautiful sunny evening with only 2 or three very small white cumulus clouds visible in the sky - and that they were at an approximate altitude of 25 - 30,000 feet or higher. He then asked me to come out and take a look for myself - which I did. I had a couple of errands to run, so I took my oldest son who was 15 and my younger son who is 11 with me while I ran the errands. After running two quick errands, on the way back home, my oldest son pointed to one of the small clouds directly above us at the approximate altitude previously stated and he told me to look at the cloud.. which I did. This one small white cloud was becoming transparent as its color changed and flashed green, blue, purple, red, yellow and back to green again as is started its intermittent flashing through the cloud. With every flash and color change, the cloud became transparent and an extremely large (my estimate would be at least a half mile long or longer) cigar/cylinder-shaped object could be seen by myself and my two sons. We pulled into a parking lot and watched the 'show' for about 15 minutes - and in total - the event lasted at least 45 minutes from the time my son first came home to tell me about it. After watching the event together for 15 minutes we observed a large aircraft pass under the unknown cigar/cylinder-shaped object - at which point there was a bright purple flash and the object was no longer visible and the cloud dissapated. It should be notated that the sides of the object reflected and changed color every time there was a color flash change in the cloud itself. The object had defined perimeter outlines and alternately appeared solid, changed or reflected colors multiple times and also appeared transparent at times as well. The object was at least a quarter to half mile long - and probably longer, as a large (and possibly) commercial airplane flew beneath the object and was dwarfed by the size of the object - which was at least 20 to 25 times longer than the aircraft beneath it. The aircraft was closer to us visually and appeared to be several thousand feet below (therefore a lower altitude than) the object we saw.
