{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469069","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91478","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2705,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/069/mufon-5469069.json","updb_database_id":5469069}
{cak} Please see detailed description

Before I pass from this realm to another, I wish to share an incident that my five year old son and I saw in the clear night sky of Northern Calif. near Mt Shasta, about 43 years ago. My wife and daughter were in the tent trailer sleeping. My son and I were watching the embers of the nights camp fire burn down. The time was a little after 11pm with no visible moon. The black sky was ablaze with stars. We had been camping for about two weeks and my son loved to find satellites and, of course, meteors. Well, I was looking into the embers and my son said 1Hey dad, a satellite!1 I really didn1t pay much attention because we had seen a lot of them since the start of our vacation, but when my son said 1Dad, this one stopped!1 I looked at him, but he didn1t look at me, but kept his stare upward. I told him to keep an eye on it and point at it while I got behind him. I got behind him and looked up to the end of his pointing finger. At first, maybe ten seconds had passed, when sure enough, the small bright speck moved! And the bright speck moved in a pattern, (see attached drawing), that took no more than 30 seconds to complete, then the bright speck stopped moving and stayed in position #4 for maybe 5 seconds. Then with no sound the bright speck turned into what I say looked like a bright white fluorescent tube light. Not huge in diameter, or in length. I really cant say it1s size because I can1t say how far away this event was taking place from us. What took place next was spectacular to witness. The bright light tube stretched up, up and up at a rate of speed that was so very, very fast that if I blinked I would have missed it. The lowest end of the light tube sped upward and vanished. The complete incident was over in the blink of an eye, and no sound was heard. Some 43 years later my memory is as if I just saw it. The incident has not dampened my faith in Christ Jesus, but it only confirms my belief as to God1s greatness and love for us all.
