{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-20 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509319","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49116","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2466,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/319/mufon-5509319.json","updb_database_id":5509319}
{nd} First seen as 9 starlike objects ascending into an arc, gradually forming a vertical line, then horzontal line

Location of Sighting: Over Lake Michigan, Beachfront, and Marquette Park Lagoon, Miller Beach, IN.

Weather: 85, Very cloudy, No stars.

Surrounding Activities: A wedding reception/celebration occurring in the Marquette Park Aquatorium building, which included several witnesses of same sighting.

My Sighting Details: Nine starlike objects ascending one after the other, in quick succession, one behind the other, from a lower altitude, into a higher altitude,yet, still below the clouds, in plain view. Speed unknown. After this projection was complete, they hoovered around together in the sky, for about a minute. Then, they gradually, began to form a loose, not tightly clustered, vertical line formation, in the sky. After this vertical line formation, they slowly began to separate, and began to form a horizontal line, and travel toward me, and went over my house,at about the speed of an airplane. Also, I remember, at this same time, I heard some people in the distance, shouting in surprise. I assumed that they were witnessing this sighting also. When they passed over my house, in a horizontal formation, I counted the nine starlike objects again, and saw them heading toward downtown Gary, Indiana. I watched the nine,until I couldnt see them, because of the distance. After the sighting,I called 911, and I rode my bike to the aquatorium to find other people who would be witnesses. The security guard was there guarding the gate, but told me he saw the same sighting I saw, in similar detail, but he thought they were stars. I wish someone in your organization would get to the bottom of this, and interview some folks who were at that wedding, and see if this sighting of nine objects, showed up on local radar screens. Thank-You
