{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-22 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515319","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42844","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3716,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/319/mufon-5515319.json","updb_database_id":5515319}
{nd} When I first saw it, I didnt have any idea what to think besides,

1. I was on my way to the store, I walked out the back door and started walking down the driveway

2. My fiance called my name, I turned around and began walking back up the driveway...While walking a bright fireball looking object arose from the treeline, it being so bright and close is what caught my eye...

3. When I first saw it, I didn't have any idea what to think besides, "Is that a fireball?"

4. It came up from the treeline in the west and traveled east, say a plane travels at 600mph, this object must have been going about 200mph... It was yellow in the center and surrounded with a orange glow/ haze, (Lit up the clouds all around it) there was no tail and it made NO noise at all, completly silent as it rode along the bottom of the rain clouds...It traveled across the sky, with a duration of about 3-4 minutes until it quickly vanished into the darkness of the sky...About ten seconds later in almost the same point in the treeline, another object almost identicle to the first arose and traveled the same path as the first object, but about 250ft north of (Next to) the first, and just like the first, 3-4 minute travel then quickly vanished into the darkness in the same spot...Kinda picture two parallel lines as there paths, but both lines come together at the end, and same thing again SILENT, yellow and orange fireball looking object that lit up the clouds all around it, travels the same path, has no tail, and is just a super bright object riding along the bottom of the rain clouds traveling a little faster than the previous object, then vanishes quickly...They were equal in colors and brightness, had a bit of a constant slight flicker, emitted no noise at all, were closer to land than our atmosphere and looked as if they went to the same place! Seemed like them quickly vanishing was when they left our atmosphere...

5. About halfway into the first objects flight, my fiance and two boys (3 and 2yrs old) came out to the driveway...I told them to look up, at that point we all just locked onto it and watched it in disbelief...My fiance and I said, "I wish our camera was charged right now!!" We really didn't think too much of it...There were people outback a few houses down, so we started shouting, "Somebody look up, What is that?!!" We got no response...The second one came and went and like the first we watched it and just couldnt believe our eyes..We more tried to figure out what they were or could have been as they flew over us...We assumed we were the only ones who saw them and anybody we explain this to will think were nuts! As they all did/ do...I remember getting a funny feeling in my stomach, and being taken over by the thought that we just saw 2 UFOs and wish we could have got them on film...And my 3yr old asked, "Where 2 fireballs go dad?" It was truely a crazy experience and I am happy to finally have seen something that I cant explain what it was...

6. They both quickly vanished into the darkness of the sky, at the same point in the sky like they were going home...
