{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-01 19:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496319","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63085","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8486,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/319/mufon-5496319.json","updb_database_id":5496319}
{dr}Strange triangular object flying North made 90 degree turn West over Sky Harbor Intl. Airport and was pursued by two military jets.

Hello. I live in Tempe, Arizona, a city in the Phoenix metroplex area. I am a graphic designer who has lived in the area for 5 years. My mother was also present for this event. My parents are both licensed pilots and I personally have spent hundreds of hours flying with them in various aircraft throughout my life. Although I am no expert, I feel confident in what I saw and believe that I witnessed something very unusual. Along with this report, I submitted a report to NUFORC, contacted media, and made graphics of what I saw using my abilities as a graphic designer.

This event occurred during the Superbowl here in the Phoenix area on February 1st, 2015, at 7:40 PM. I was cleaning up my house and was taking some trash out to the backyard. On my way over to the trash can, I looked up at the moon which, at the time, was in the upper eastern part of the sky. It was at this moment that I saw a curious-looking craft heading north some degrees above of the moon. Relative to the full moon, it was just slightly smaller than the moon. This object stood out to me immediately because it was not following the flight path which all planes follow on their approach into nearby Sky Harbor Intl. Airport. Planes flying into Sky Harbor at night typically fly in east to west as our runways run in this orientation. If a plane is flying over this airspace, its altitude is typically very high as to not disturb the lower traffic. This craft1s altitude appeared to be relatively low, around 7,000-10,000 feet or so and well within a mile from me to the east, making it unusual from the start.

As I observed this craft going north-bound, I tried to logically make out what it was. It had one unblinking white-slightly yellow light on the bottom of it. This light appeared to illuminate areas of the actual structure of the craft, which had a reddish-orangish tint to it and what appeared to be faint horizontal lines going across. The areas of the craft that weren't illuminated were dark but slightly lighter than the sky. This gave me a general sense of the shape and outline of the craft, which seemed triangular. The outline was not clearly defined. It seemed fuzzy somehow. It also seemed to shift and change shape slightly but I am not sure if this was due to my mind's perception trying to fit it into a known object, such as a plane.

I stared at this object, transfixed, and as stated above tried to logically perceive it as a plane, thinking that the illuminated areas were perhaps the tail section and/or wings of a Southwest jet, which are commonly painted with orangish colors. However, this object just didn1t fit the description of a jet. There were no navigation lights, it made no sound, and the shape that I could make out seemed to be triangular in shape. The illuminated areas seemed to perhaps be the two back points of this triangle.

Once I ruled it out as an aircraft, I thought that perhaps I was viewing a very large satellite and that the illuminated areas were solar panels. Many images that I have seen of satellites show their solar panels to be of a rusty-orangish color, similar to what I was seeing. This, too, just did not fit. At this moment, I noticed that the object was beginning to turn. It made a smooth 90 degree turn in a sharp arc going from north to west in seconds. As it was turning, my view of it changed. Before it turned, I had been looking up at it, seeing it from the bottom. Now as it was turning (and north of me at that point) I was seeing it from the side. It was at this view that I could see two lights. I am not sure if this was actually an additional light on the craft, or if it was part of the same light I saw on the bottom. Perhaps because of the new view point, I was seeing the bottom and top of this light, split horizontally by the craft itself. It was at this point that I noticed how fast this thing was going and how fast it had made the turn. It seemed to accelerate towards the end of this turn. I remember thinking at that moment that a commercial jet would've been torn apart if it made a turn like that at that speed.

As this thought was occurring to me, I heard the thunderous sound of jet engines from behind. As soon as I looked above me, two military jets flew almost directly overhead. They each had one sole blinking white strobe light, very bright, and no other navigation lights that I could see. I remember thinking that these aircraft (and their single blinking strobe) looked kind of ominous to me. They were around the same altitude as the mysterious craft, and I questioned if this was an escort of some sort. It was clearly not an escort, as the jets were about 15 seconds behind the craft when they came into my view and were flying aggressively. When they came into view they were heading North-Northwest- again, very unusual for this area as this is Sky Harbor's airspace. They also turned West in pursuit of the object, and despite their tremendous flying capabilities, could not make nearly as sharp a turn to the West. Their turn was much wider as illustrated in the map graphic I made.

I've seen strange things in the sky before, but never with military jets following it. As soon as I saw military jets literally chasing this thing, I became extremely astonished, excitable and somewhat frantic. I called out to my mother, who came outside to witness the aerial pursuit as all three flew West, coincidentally directly towards the Glendale stadium where the Superbowl was simultaneously taking place. She, too, witnessed the two military jets and the object. The object at this time appeared as an unwavering light and she did not see the structural details that I witnessed when it had flown overhead. 

We watched the object and the jets fly ever westward and the jet noise increased at this time, perhaps due to the jets afterburners. We watched all three crafts until they were out of view. It appeared that they flew slightly South, and then West once more beyond the horizon. The entire sighting lasted under 2 minutes. It may sound strange, but the next day I remember having a feeling that the object was saying hi.

I want to note that because of the Superbowl, two Blackhawk helicopters and two military jets were flying around the Valley that week for security reasons during the Superbowl. I myself, along with the rest of Phoenix, were aware of their presence and purpose that week because of local media reports providing citizens awareness in case we saw them flying around that week. I had seen and become quite familiar with these military aircraft all week. The jets that I saw pursuing this object were not the two patrol jets doing security for the Superbowl. Soon after the sighting, I saw the two patrol jets flying in from the North going South near Sky Harbor at a slightly higher altitude. At the time, the jets and object could actually still be seen (barely) far out West of my location. My mom and I both had the feeling that the jets we had seen had possibly been scrambled for the expressed purpose of intercepting this object.

Thank you so much for your time in reading my very long description. I wanted to be as thorough as possible. I very much appreciate that there are places where these kind of things can be reported. Please feel free to contact me for any further information. I would love to know if there is radar data or tower communication from that night.. Once again, sincere thanks!
