{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-10 08:47:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504319","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54575","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4785,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/319/mufon-5504319.json","updb_database_id":5504319}
{cak} This puppy shone like a small Hindenburg on a mission to go somewhere North; and it WAS NOT a balloon!!

OMG OMG!!!! 
I came here this evening to report what I saw in Beverly Hills this morning at 8:47am!!!
I watched this move from directionally South towards North for approx 1-2 minutes until it went beyond my view due to my workplace/building. I first noticed it at approximately 80 degrees above the horizon (when looking straight up into the sky) from a Southern direction. I watched it move Northward until approximately 60/65 degrees above the horizon.

The morning sun was low and with the "pineapple express dotted clouds" all over the sky above, I had looked up to marvel at them..... I then noticed what appeared to be a 'quite low-flying-what-appeared-to-be-a-silver-balloon-although-somewhat-deflated-in-the-middle' flying beneath the clouds. It was as shiny silver as silver could be!! 

I then realized that this was not a balloon.... for it was moving in a direct line from South towards North. I watched it under the clouds, moving through the clouds although slightly obscured by the little cottonpuffs at times.... and it was moving with purpose. It was no balloon. I watched it for perhaps 1-2 minutes move under and through the clouds until I could no longer see it (due to buildings). It DID NOT change altitude, nor wobble as a balloon would. Additionally, the puff clouds were moving easterly slowly BUT this was intent on navigating North, and it easity did so. This was no balloon albeit it sure initially appeared as one DUE TO its low altitude. I'd have to say that its altitude was somewhere between a low-flying little plane and a high-flying news helicopter.

I'm a kid at heart and just love to look up and see the clouds.... this thing caught my eye and once I realized that it was 1) not a balloon, and 2) had no wings to fly, I realized that it was exactly the same thing I had seen back on Jan 17-18 of this year AND Oct 6 of last year..... almost sort of a dumbell shape. This time however it was so low, that it tossed me for a loop and during my entire viewing: all I did was look for wings, and talk myself out of the 'balloon theory'. At some point however, I realized it to be what it was. I also realized it to be the same thing I've seen prior recently.... "that dumbell-shaped thing" only this time so close and low in altitude that it felt as though I could almost touch it this time around. My previous sightings had NEVER been this low in altitude (low, but not skimming the land-kind-of-thing). Although, this morning was early enough that with the low morning sun, this time all I saw was immense shiny reflectiveness. My Oct viewing was the setting sun and the object did not appear as huge and bright (it was also MUCH higher in the sky then). My Jan viewing was basically 24 hrs long over my building and that time I saw colors rather than just a silver reflectiveness. Perhaps that sighting was near the same altitude, but with the clear blue sky and lack of low sun reflecting silver, it was much harder to define in the sky above.

While I had no access to anything for 'picture' or 'video footage', if you look at Case #54544 (yesterday March 9, 2014) which occurred in Torrance, California...... THAT is exactly what I saw this morning. Approx same height although perhaps lower, definitely same shape and high reflectiveness. Thank you Case #54544 for capturing what I could not this morning! This thing 'flew' without a care in the world this morning... it's as though it could care less who saw it...... OR it figured that with all the cotton-ball-puff clouds in the sky, that no one could see it. Sadly, it miscalculated the early morning directional sun.... and this puppy shone like a small Hindenburg on a mission to go somewhere North; and it WAS NOT a balloon. 

Soooo, YES Virginia ---- even on your 4th sighting, your skin will tingle, your mouth will drop as you watch, and you'll wonder just where oh where is your coworker that you're waiting for so that FINALLY someone else will see what you've been seeing a lot of recently!!!!!!!!

..... ahhh, perhaps next time Virginia, perhaps next time.
