{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-04 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528319","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27266","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2836,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/319/mufon-5528319.json","updb_database_id":5528319}
exciting tonight a new congress and some ufo's

my son screamed,"Mom a ufo!" I said,"Are you kidding?" he said "No mom it really is a ufo." so naturally i ran to his bedroom window so fast my feet didn't touch the floor. it was the urgency in his voice that concerned me. just out of his southern window was what looked like a horizontail shooting star.heading due east through the air with a little firey tail. 1..2..3..it suddenly changed into a flashing star and up it went blinking red..blue..green..white..amber. then poof next to it red.blink.blinlk. white.. .. and to the south of it two more blinking lights red..blue..amber. so then i started to lose my count because it looked as though lightning bugs were let out of a jar..twinkling the colors of the rainbow. we were so excited counting and screaming the colors as they flashed on/off.the sky was cloudless filled with humidity. so we guessed as to how close and how bright the objects were. five was the number we agreed that we saw. however, they were all over the place while tightly huddled together in a central area. then the squadron moved further west and poof they were all gone. we were in shock knowing that we needed video proof i ran to my bedroom to get our little polaroid digital camra. just in case. bam they were back. my son started to wonder if we were being invaded. calming his fears i went onto the porch. we saw them going west then circling to the north then they were out of our line of vision, for one hour we watched these strange lights. we did take footage. we can't be sure if the ufo's are visible the batteries died.it is too late to go out now and everybody is asleep. one thing that stands out in my mind that seems strange the whole ufo observation was never disturbed by any sound,the air was eerie feeling. it was like a dream slow and still..no backgroun noise at all. my son was pretty upset. he wants to know who is flying those ufo's. it's upsetting that we know very little about these visitors flying over our heads at night while we sleep.
WE NEED FULL DISCLOSURE A>S>A>P> write to the 112th congress on top of all the other mess we need to make full disclosure availabe to the citizens that pay the budget......o.k. CIA-FBI-ATF-abc's
