{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-18 05:46:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292319","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111005","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3000,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/319/mufon-5292319.json","updb_database_id":5292319}
Opal shaped matte black smooth moving and silent

At around 5:45 AM August 18, 2020 in Las Vegas. Paradise to be exact. Silent matte black almost opal shaped craft moving northbound from the direction of the airport with a slight east heading. My window was open and i could not hear it make a sound like regular planes or helicopters do. No blinking lights on it. Not a hot air balloon because it was moving too fast. Around 100 miles per hour movement no larger than a tractor trailer floating but much too fast to be a balloon. The blackness of a black bird with no shine or reflections. Somewhat opal shaped with its longest side vertical with a little fuzzyness on it surface unlike a hot air balloon contour. Twice the size of a vertical stabilizer of a regular commercial airplane. Not flying in a straight trajectory either but mildly erratic as if it did not know exactly where it wanted to go. Like it was sightseeing but with a very slight elevation until it vanished on the horizon. This is twilight time before the sunrise. I stared at it and it seemed to be unaware of me looking at it. I tried to send it my thoughts that it should not be here or ruining our precept of life on earth without UFOs. Why it shows up and reveals that it exists and we know nothing about it and it doesn’t even come here to help us out, this stupid human species that knows nothing because it has not been told better by these supposedly advanced civilizations that come to fly around and scare us. 
Airplanes land at the McCarran airport, from my apartment in Twain and Palos Verdes, they fly in from the east and turn south to land. This UFO was going opposite the direction of airplanes landing but headed north with a slight veer to the east. Airplanes never take off in that direction, they only approach to land headed south but this was just floating but going real fast and smooth and silent. Usually I get a reaction from people when I stare at them from my window but this object did not have that reaction. As if it did not know I was watching it. I was pretty upset at it for revealing itself to us but not communicating at all. WTF is it here for and why allow us to see it but not let us know more about it. These things are messing with our minds. I know it was a simple shape smoothly floating at a fast speed. I am an Air Force veteran and I see airplanes land all day long. Not one of ours. Weird.
