{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-09 07:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488319","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71326","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3163,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/319/mufon-5488319.json","updb_database_id":5488319}
{nd} I saw lights in the sky above the SLC airport that were not conventional terrestrial aircraft.

At 7:25 am on Friday, October 9, 2015, while heading north on HWY 215 I began to notice some bright lights in the sky near the airport. This is not uncommon, but the lights themselves were! I compared them to what were obviously planes coming and leaving from SLC Airport, and noticed several differences, which lead me to conclude that these might be UFOs.

The lights in question were absolutely stationary. There was not a strong wind at the time, but planes do inch along in the sky, and there were conventional aircraft doing just that. The navigational lights of the planes were strong and steady, while the unknown lights I was witnessing scintillated like stars. The radiation of their lights was inconsistent; they pulsated rhythmically, and seemed to alternately glow very bright and get larger, and then diminish in luminosity and size to the point of disappearing. Then they may 1 or may not 1 reappear! 

These UFOs just hung there in the sky above the airport absolutely still while passenger planes came and went. I didn1t think to count them at the time, but I now estimate there were between 5-8 such lights positioned at various points in the sky. Some were as far east as to be visible in front of the mountain range just north of the city, while others were much further west. The westernmost light was observed to get very low to the horizon in a slow, vertical descent, which made me wonder if it was landing! There was the main grouping of lights, which formed a line of three in a diagonal. 

For the most part, they just seemed to hang there in the sky, with the exception of the one that moved down slowly toward the horizon. I had to park my car at work and go in to start my day, but I did snap four pictures with my old school 1dumb phone1, but even with computer enhancement later I can detect no trace of the UFOs. In one photograph, I believe the descending UFO may be visible, but I cannot be certain. My photos reveal nothing, but even if they had, they would just be pinpoints of light in the sky above an airport; so what? The lights my eyes saw, however, were twinkling like stars, pulsating and changing in brightness. They were absolutely stationary.

I feel fairly certain that I was witness to an early morning display of extraterrestrial craft over Salt Lake City. Then again, they could have been something sent up by Hill Air Force Base, but they certainly caught my attention because of their odd qualities and behavior.
