{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-23 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490319","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69271","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2722,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/319/mufon-5490319.json","updb_database_id":5490319}
{cak} Shinny cigar shaped object with one row of windows from front to rear.

My husband and I were standing on our end porch saying goodbye to two friends. A reflective flash in the sky caught my eye and I looked up and saw a cigar shaped aircraft with one row of windows from front to back heading South at a slow to moderate speed. I pointed to it and asked "what is that?" Everyone looked up and commented that they did not know. I glanced down to our friends and when I looked back up, the cigar shaped object had reversed its trajectory to the North and was moving at a faster speed. It was not a zip bang, gone speed, but was much faster than before. It did not have time to turn around. It simply was traveling in the opposite direction (North) from its original direction (South). The object did not have a cone shape on either end like the nose of a airplane, but was more like a blunt to soft parenthesis shape like a cigar is shaped. It was a cloudless sky, it had no wings, no lights (as it was daylight), and made no noise. It almost seemed that the craft knew that it was seen, since it changed direction so suddenly.

I was very excited, with wonder, to see this object and the others had a more non expression of excitement, almost to the point of being unable to comment. I could not understand why as this was something that none of us had seen before. Our friends left and my husband went back into the house. I stayed and watched the craft, even going into the yard to watch it, without tree obstruction until it got out of sight. This sighting has really peaked my interest and I continue to watch the skies to see if I could see it again.

I didn't have a camera or my cell phone with me, so I could not take a picture of the craft. I didn't even think of a camera at this point. I was just amazed at what I had just seen. I think it was a few minutes later that I realized that we had just seen a UFO! I have looked and looked on the internet to see if I could find an object that looked like the craft that we had seen. I did finally find one while looking at UFO aircraft pictures on the internet.
