Case No. 1500 19032021

Date: February 27, 2021.

Approximate Time: 00:04 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Summer.

Witnesses: R. A. G. R., 40 years old.

Description: The informant reported the presence of an object
anomalous in two photographs taken from the skies of Paihuano,
Region of Coquimbo, at 00:04 (HL) on February 27, 2021.

He described the reported sighting as a circle or plate that appeared and
It disappeared to the east of its location, at an azimuth of 20°. It assimilated
that was larger and brighter than a star, and that it possessed (sic)
“a luminous field”.

He placed his camera on a tripod and photographed at 30-second exposures
at different times.
Subsequently, in two of the shots he perceived something that surprised him,
interpreting that an object was located on a mountain,
while for the next one he thought it had moved.

Figure 1 corresponds to the first of the three photos in the case.
                             Figure 1
The images that supported the report were perused through
ELA (Error Level Analysis) and CMF (Copy and Motion Forgery)
analysis, confirming they were not digitally altered.

Figure 2 illustrates the outcome of the search for embedded
objects within image 1500-2. If there were pixels originally
foreign to the image, they would have appeared as massive white
silhouettes.

Figure 2. Result of the search for embedded pixels in one of the images.
Using the information contained in the metadata of each
photograph, it was confirmed that they were taken on the reported date.
They were obtained by a Canon photographic camera, model Canon
EOS 70D, equipped with a Canon EF 17-40mm f/4L USM lens.

The presence of the reported phenomenon in the case photographs
was studied through edge detection analysis using different algorithms
and with brightness variation filters. These procedures showed that
the sky in image 1500-1 only
It contained stars, and also confirmed the presence of the reported phenomenon in only two of the images. (Figure 3)

The geometric analysis of the images with the phenomenon determined the existence of focal symmetries in them. This not only defined that what was reported were parasitic reflections or flares, but also identified the bright foci that originated them.

Figure 3. Inverted color images show the reported phenomenon indicated with green arrows.
Figures 4 and 5 are close-ups of the central areas of the images with the reported phenomenon. They show segments of the geometric axes of the photographs and the projections that connect what was reported with the parasitic light source that entered the camera lens system and created the luminous artifact that originated this case.

            Figure 4. Symmetry in the image. Lines are 1 pixel thick.
          Figure 5. Symmetry in the image. Lines are 1 pixel thick.
Images: Two photographs contained in CR2 files.

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the testimony and the results of the forensic, photographic, and geometric studies, it was determined that what was reported was a parasitic reflection or "flare," present in two images and caused by photographing a light source directly.

The incident light penetrated the optical system of the photographic camera and imprinted this optical artifact on the light sensor of the equipment. Thus, a luminous object was created that only existed in the
photograph, which is consistent with it not being seen directly.
