{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-01-06 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463448","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97494","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2735,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/448/mufon-5463448.json","updb_database_id":5463448}
{cak} Bright light streak east to west.. disappeared ..reappeared west stood stationery then disappeared. Next arrived east again stationery I tried to photograph to far but attached

I was standing with my landscaper he just cut some branches for me..we were standing out back of my home on the patio by my pool.. we were just talking, he happened to looked up and said look look look.. I did and I caught a very unusually bright light very far up in the sky it was shooting in a thick bright white light streak from east toward west then it just disappeared.. it reappeared a few seconds later farther in west it appeared and just stopped suddenly and was standing completely still right over us hovering for a minute or two it looked a little closer this time then it shot off back toward the east and stopped looked like it was rocking left to right and back and seemed to have flashing colored lights or high and lower beamed flashing lights of some kind but it was really to far to see color clearly I just noticed variance in lights....i broke from my stare and tried to take a pic ..it looked like a big star then just hovering.. I tried to raise my phone to photograph it but it disappeared again... we thought it was gone and my landscaper went to his truck in my driveway and left, I walked in my home to take my dog out into the front yard and I looked up in the front yard ( east from where we were standing before and there, it appeared again, like a large star in the spot we originally saw it..when I noticed it again it had suddenly lit up when I came outside and it stood completely still.. I tried to photograph it with my iPhone but it doesn1t really show very well. I1m attaching pic so maybe you can blow it up ?? Then it disappeared again and I went inside... while viewing it I felt glued my heart started beating faster I was very surprised ..it was shocking for sure. I felt as though it was looking at us it was a very odd feeling and a little uncomfortable and scary.. but exciting at the same time.
