{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2001-07-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528448","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27129","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3963,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/448/mufon-5528448.json","updb_database_id":5528448}
What I saw in the summer of 2001

I'm still apprehensive to report this, I haven't said anything about to anyone until now; It was about 3am and I Was traveling on 26, 31, or 33 from Idaho Falls to Jackson Wyoming, I can't remember which now and I was just working there not real familiar to the area, in fact i was kind of lost, I barely made it to work in Jackson that morning, and I was in a state of shock and a bit worried when I arrived that someone would come after me... On my way to Idaho  I saw lights as I came up the road, from far off it looked like a giant ferris wheel on its side, leaning, I thought to myself that was so odd, in the middle of nowhere, in the woods; this? but as I got closer I realized it was surrounded by vehicles, big military vehicles, white vehicles, men in haz-mat looking suits, men with guns..
It was down in a sort of small valley and the road I was on as I reached it began climb up around a mountain (headed toward Jackson) so I had a birds eye view by this time. I slowed down, almost to a stop as I seen the ferris wheel I had seen in the distance was in fact not a ferris wheel, it was a huge space ship! It was crashed I almost wrecked staring at it I couldn't hear or see anything I was just in shock.
It had to have been at least 80-100 feet across, it was shaped more or less just like you see on TV, a disk shaped thing with a portal/door at the base, it had windows all around the middle of the ship, and toward the base it had colored lights, i know there was red, blue and orange or yellow..
by this time I started coming back to my senses and realized I was in danger; men began running to their vehicles and waving their arms and yelling, drawing their firearms, heading up the mountainside toward me, needless to say I took off pedal to the medal no exaggeration, it would take them a minute or so to get back on the road as where they were there was only a crude rough road winding down to where the spacecraft was, so I immediately had an advantage, I barreled up the road reaching 90 + miles per hour in my Jeep Grand Cherokee 4x4 on a winding, incline with cliff on one side and a wall of mountain on the other, suddenly animals were running across the road and up the mountain away from the site, I kid not; there were raccoons, deer, and all sorts of creatures just migrating away from there! I was slowing then speeding weaving in and out of these creatures, I hit the mountainside more than once and careened almost off the cliff several times, I'm telling you it was the most blood pumping thing that ever happened to me and I have been in some situations..
all kinds of things raced through my mind as I sped away from there looking in rear view mirror.
Thankfully I got away, I started taking random small roads as soon as I seen them to lose a trail, and eventually through meandering all the rest of the morning I arrived in Jackson just before 8 as my shift started. I thought about what happened and my friends all told me I looked like something was wrong, I said I was just not feeling well, but what was bothering me was WHAT exactly was going on back there?? Would it be in the news? Of course not.. Were those men after me? And also a feeling of wonder, and excitement that I had witnessed something I called others crazy for believing in.. it was really true; there IS something out there..
