{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-03-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506448","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52350","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3766,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/448/mufon-5506448.json","updb_database_id":5506448}
After I first had seen it in (my) pictures only, a month later it came hovering along our house.

I have added the link to a picture video from 2009 (YT quality in 2009 was relatively poor) that accompanies the story. [Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]

When we were looking for land to buy in New Zealand, I took pictures like I always do to have a quiet look on my large computer screen.

Along the land was a path/road. that I followed along, while taking pictures (to my left). As a semi-professional photographer I was aware of the sun, so I made sure it would not shine in the lens in any way.

When we came home I noticed a strange round white spot in some of the pictures, in a particular spot near the top of the hill. In other pictures it was gone, but later appeared again in about the same spot. Which was very curious because the camera was in very different angles while walking along, and aiming at the similar direction of the hill, so IF it was a reflection of some kind it could not be in the same spot. I also ruled out any flares of direct sunlight.

This was the time I started to investigate and started to learn about ORBS, including the flash light reflections that many people also call orbs...

We lived some 40-50 km away from where the event took place. About a month later I was standing on the deck of our house in a gully (a small valley), studying nature (trees/birds) with a binocular, when suddenly a transparent ball came into view, very, very clear, and hovered over the gully, from one side to the other. After some 5 seconds of concentrated observation it disappeared behind trees. The crispness of the view I had was as if I was looking at a face across the table.

I was extremely aware of the situation and focussed on studying what I was seeing, so I could reproduce it in great detail, which is what I did afterwards. As an architectural-, industrial designer I had a trained eye for structures, colors, proportions, light and shadows.

It took me a long time to come to grips with the situation, discussed it with a close relative (a psychiatrist), and even after these years of investigating, researching and more and more understanding (what it was and what it was not) it still feels strange (though somewhat familiar...) Especially since all official departments ignored it, and I learned that there are many people and organisations with doubtful reputations who I did (and do) not want to get involved with.

After I made the picture video I learned about the "TORUS" phenomenon and recognised a specific similarity, although the way people explained the way a torus worked was different from how I see it. Which brings me to the well known "Thrive" movie, that I just do not trust. Just as I do not trust anyone who would be willing to find out how "my hovering orb" works, and abuse the knowledge for corrupt, selfish, cold hearted purposes.

The only significant reason I can see why it came to show itself, was to show that life and existence (in whatever forms or dimensions) are not what weve been told by organised religions and corrupt governments. It is far more, which I think is a very hopeful message.
