{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-26 19:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520448","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36114","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4958,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/448/mufon-5520448.json","updb_database_id":5520448}
Bright Red FIreballs slow straight line 3-4K ft ASL South to North

I walked out to in to our driveway and noticed in the sky to the west a bright object that looked like something on fire. We live within the Class B airspace of Pittsburgh International Airport under the outer ring and commercial aircraft are often on the in-bound approach. My first thought was that it was a plane with an engine on fire. Then I realized this was moving way to slow for any aircraft. I called into the house for my son to come out and see it. As he got out of the house the fireball began to dim as it was moving to the NNW.

He then noticed another fireball moving at slow speed on the same path coming from the south. We ran into the street to get a good view. While we were watching, we noticed another on the exact same path. Then there were more. In all we saw 7 of these fireballs all on the same path moving generally from the south to the north-northwest. 

The area we live in is in the north suburbs of Pittsburgh and is in a rural area. We live in a large golf course development with some heavily wooded areas (immediately behind our house, with the exception of two fairways, it is approximately 20 wooded acres. On this night (2/26/12) there was no measureable wind and the sky was clear of clouds. Planets and stars were visible. It was 7:05 pm (although in the video I say 8:05 as I misread my watch). 

I am a licensed private pilot and have been flying with my son for several years. The area where we saw the fireballs (Mars, PA 1 seriously, no joke there, it is Mars, PA 16046) is under the outer ring of Pittsburgh1s Class B airspace with a 4,000 ft floor. We often fly over this area and are conscious of that altitude. These objects appeared to be below the 4,000 ASL floor (our elevation here is approx.. 1,100 ft ASL). I would estimate the altitude of the fireballs to be approx.. 3,000 ft ASL.

The fireballs made no sound at all and were moving far too slow to be aircraft. These did not have aviation position lights, nor were there any lights of any type other than the brilliant bright constant fire red glow. THE glow appeared to be front facing, as it would dim as the orbs moved across the field and the orientation changed, such that as they were moving directly away they were entirely invisible. However, if the angle changed you could see the light as if from the side. 

There was no wind, and temperatures were in the high 301s or low 40s. The orbs were moving too fast to be drifting on the wind, but far too slow (and quiet) to be any airplane (an ultralight would move faster, and would be noisier). All of the orbs were maintaining altitude and trajectory as they flew in a line. We watched for 5 minutes, as all of them moved across the sky and then vanished. We thought we saw a line of red lights later moving generally west to east about 5 miles off to the north, but we cannot say for certain that these were the same object.

WE noticed two aircraft after the incident, which seemed to be general aviation planes. One was moving to the west, and the other was moving south to north. Both seemed to be under Pittsburgh1s Class B airspace, and were behind the orbs in both time and space.

Apologies for the shaky video. Although we didn1t get the trail of the orbs, there are some solid shots of the orbs in the video. I attempted to get structures and objects in the foreground to give reference points, but this may have been at the expense of a better video. At one point my son says he hears a low buzzing noise, but we later determine this to be a household heat pump or air conditioner.

Check the video at 58 seconds. It appears to have structure and almost as if there is something burning off around it. Again at 1:00 and 1:15 and it appears to be the same structure. You have to stop the frame as I was moving a bit. Also 1 1:16 (structure); 2:05 (appears to split); 2:26 (different orb, more yellow color); 2:32 (same structure); 2:36 (planet in background); 3:18 (different orb, same structure); 3:20 (structure, same 1crab1 shape); 3:31 (structure); 3:47 (wing shape); 4:52 (It is moving away and dimming, has appearance of crescent shape); 4:47 (strange blur and object appears to split).
