{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-10-08 21:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549448","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"3976","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2333,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/448/mufon-5549448.json","updb_database_id":5549448}
Light in sky, high in stratosphere or space, moving erratically.

I was at home last night. I went outside to my backyard to have a cigg. As I was exiting through the sliding glass door, I noticed a light in the sky. This, of course, is not an uncommon sight. There is a municipal airport in my city and 3 International airports within 30 miles of here in wich this area is the major traffic coridor for. So my first thought always is airplane. Anyway, before I opened the door, I thought I saw the light move very erratically, from left to right. I kept watching as I stepped outside. Thinking the movement might be an illusion because of my movement I stopped and watched it. It was definately moving left to right and right to left with intermediate pauses. I have seen these many times since February of this year. But this one moved the most extreme to date. Usually they just tack across the sky, very gradually, like a boat would on the sea. The best way to describe this object, is just a simple point of white, blue, or red light. This one was white. It reminds me of when I was a teen and I'd be outside at night and you'ed see a satillite cross the sky. But if you've ever seen one, you know they travel a very predictable path. A very clean arc across the sky. These look like that, except the movement. And to date, they never moved this obviousely. Usually only in small increments. It was going from west to east till it went out of sight. My reaction was that was the best personal evidence I've seen with my own eye's that I didn't see a satillite. I then sent a "fast blast" to Coast-to-Coast AM w/George Noorey. I then found web site I could report it to and did. I kept watching it till the house next door blocked my view.
