{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2002-05-16 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482448","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77511","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2694,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/448/mufon-5482448.json","updb_database_id":5482448}
A liquid mercury type object advanced upon us as we stared out the window of our office building. Moving west to east it went around us and then suddenly sped off 50 Km away in a matter of seconds and disappeared into a cloud.

A business associate and I were in our main conference room conducting our regular weekly meeting. She had her back to the window and I was facing it when from the corner of my eye I saw something white move horizontally across. I was sure it was a bird so initially I ignored it but when it happened a 2nd time and stayed floating in front of the window, I stood up and asked my colleague to come to the window.
What we saw was a shiny, mercury colored object that looked to be in the shape of stingray. Without the long tall but had a sort of domed shape in the middle. The odd part was that it moved around like a stingray would in the water, was held together but appeared to be in a liquid form.
It moved slowly around the the window from west to east, the whole time staying at eye level with us. At times it would drop down but then slowly rise up to our eye level. The whole time we were about 5-10 feet away from this object. These were the windows facing south.
Then it decided to move over to our east side windows, hovering as it did, without a sound, just like a mercury liquid sting ray.
We both lost track of the time but then all of a sudden, from a dead stop, the object moved from where we were to the Mount Saint-Hilare Bird Sanctuary in about 1 or 2 seconds, a distance of 50 Km. There was a cloud over the Mount and we could see a shiny spec, which was about the size we could see it now, up straight into the clouds.
The odd part was is that my colleague and I never said a word to each other nor did we ever discuss what we had experienced at the office.
After the event, I went to my office to pick up my things and went straight home, not speaking to anyone. To this day I find it hard to believe what I say but there is no mistake in what I saw.
