{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-08-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485993","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73728","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3902,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/993/mufon-5485993.json","updb_database_id":5485993}
Large and Bright Object observed in Neighbour's Garden

This event took place 18 years ago and I dont know the date, or the season nor did i note the time, but nevertheless everything else burnt itself into my memory. At the time I was a teenager living in a small village surrounded by large fields.
From my bedroom window to my right I could overlook a large part of our neighbours yard. Closest to me was a hedge, then the dog kennel and then came the driveway and the neighbour's house.
All in all I would estimate a linear distance of 40m from my window to the house of the neighbours. 
Our neighbours had a dog which was allowed to run free on the property at night.
On the outer wall of their house facing me was a light with motion sensor which, when switched on, was rather bright and illuminated a good part of their yard.
It was very common to me to see sae the light funnel on my wall of my bedroom.
This motion light which lasted for a couple of seconds would go off when the dog walking about.
On one night, I was lying in my bed not sleeping. I think it must have been after midnight because everbody was already asleep
apart from me and was worried as it was school next day. 
As I lay looking around my room I saw the neightbours motion sensor light go off.
After a good few moments I wondered why the motion light would not switch off again and I thought maybe the dog keeps moving in front of it causing it to trigger constantly.
I got up and looked out my window to check.
In the middle of the yard stood a very bright object. 
I didn't really understand what I was watching there but i felt curious. 
I would describe it as follows:
a round /perhaps saucer shaped object with a diameter of approx. 3 to 4 meter shining extremely bright allover.
Around its rim were different coloured lights blinking (green,red,orange, yellow)
Due to the brightness I cannot estimate the height.
It was hard to recognise anything around it just like the area around the object was faded out by the light that it produced.
Still it was not hurtful to look right into it.
I opened the window slightly and listened for any sounds, there were none.
I could see that the motion sensor light on the wall of the house was still on.
I tired very hard but could not detect any movements whatsoever.
I would have expected to see or hear the dog somewhere but there was nothing.
I watched it for roughly 20 to 30 minutes. Nothing else happened apart from the object being "parked" there.
After a while, all lights went off. Suddenly it became pitch black.
I stared at the point where the object was but I could'nt make out anything also the motion sensor light was off.
My eyes needed to adjust for a moment due to the sudden darkness.
It was just gone. I even scanned the sky but there too, I couldn't see anything.
I stood at my window for another few minutes but then decided to go to bed.

The next day I also went to the neighbours and showed them where I saw the object. To my best knowledge I cannot say that there as anything unusual to the grass and driveway. They laughed at me....
On the picture you see the arrow is pointing to my window and the star is the position of the UFO.
