{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-09-09 22:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546993","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"19384","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2918,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/993/mufon-5546993.json","updb_database_id":5546993}
3 ufo "lights"

During this past labor day weekend, my daughter and I were exiting our car in the backyard of my father's house in Roseville, Michigan (a suburb of Detroit). It was around 10:00 pm and there were some wispy clouds, patches of clear night sky, and what appeared to be a full/new moon and a few stars. Looking up at the moon to the east, I noticed what I at first thought was a bright airplane light heading from the East to the West, in line to pass directly over my father's suburban backyard. Almost immediately it became apparent to me that the plane light did not resemble the typical size or color one is used to seeing on commercial or private aircraft. The color was amber and the light seemed to be a radiant light similar to the red hot rings on an electric stove. I pointed the light out to my 13 year old daughter and asked her if she could hear the "plane." Neither of us could hear the typical sounds of an airplane motor or jet engine, despite the fact that the light passed directly overhead. The light seemed to be gliding and moving at a steady speed. We could not make out any object or shape above, below or around the light. The light glided into the cloud layer and was gone from sight. We discussed it and both agreed that we had seen something odd. Not any type of plane or jet that we've ever seen. We went back outside to the car about 10-15 minutes later and gliding in from the east were two more of the lights we had seen earlier. Again, they passed directly overhead at a fast but steady speed. The lights were all of the same size and the two lights were gliding along at the same pace, one slightly trailing the other. No commercial or private aircraft would fly that close together. It is possible they were military aircraft as Selfridge AFB is located in Macomb County and lies to the northeast of my Father's backyard. However, these military aircraft would have had to have been silent. Most jet engines are noisy or would create some sound. And there were no contrails or exhaust. My daughter got a good look at the lights the second time and described a bright round amber light in the middle surrounded by a bright amber ring of light. In between was darkness. These two lights also flew into the cloud cover and they have never been seen from my father's backyard since.
