{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-01 04:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496993","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62384","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6409,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/993/mufon-5496993.json","updb_database_id":5496993}
{dr}Observed stationary UFO for 16 miles over Massachussetts Turnpike.

I had been asked to work the early early holiday hours one morning in early December in 2010 and had to be at the store prior to 6:00AM. I lived 45-50 minutes away and had left a little after 4:30AM to head east to Palmer from Easthampton, MA. 
I got on the Massachussetts Turnpike at what would be Mass Pike exit 4 at Ingleside - Holyoke, MA and proceeded eastbound toward Palmer. There was virtually no traffic. It was cold and very clear and the night sky was full of stars which were easily seen through my windshield. as I headed east towards Palmer, I noticed one star in particular at about 30 degrees above the "horizon" straight in my field of view that was oddly colored an vivid amber hue and exceptionally bright in relation to the other stars in the sky. I assumed I was looking at a large gas planet such as Saturn or Jupiter that I normally wouldn't see during my normal commute. I had never seen a atar or planet colored amber before.
The Mass Pike (I-90 runs virtually east to west cross-country, and it does run east to west in almost a straight line through Massachussetts. From my entrance point to the Palmer exit, it is pretty flat as well, so the object remained pretty much at the same angle in the sky during the beginning of my commute.
As I continued and each mile went by, I couldn't help but notice the object getting bigger and higher in the sky. It was at this time I began to wonder whether or not I was witnessing a meteor entering the atmosphere. After a few more miles, I realized that this object couldn't be a meteor as there was no fireball, no contrail, no glare, just this amber light getting bigger and higher in my windsheild.
After traveling about 10 miles, this amber object really stood out and there appeared to be a shape to it, and it was high up. I was focusing on it as I drove on, and with each additional mile, it climbed higher, got a little bigger and started taking on what appeared to be a triangular shape at an angle.
I passed the Ludlow exits and the Ludlow turnpike rest area and this object was getting huge. A mile or so past the Ludlow rest area, This object had moved almost virtually overhead and could now be viewed out of my drivers door window which was facing north. 
I was looking up at a large triangular solid amber lit object. It appeared to be between 6000 to 8000 feet high. It was huge. I immediately pulled over to the shoulder and stopped, and I rolled down my window and turned off my engine. 
It was unbelievable. This triangular object did not have pointed corners, but instead had rounded ones. This rounded triangular object was completely full of light. The amber light was rich, and frankly quite beautiful. I have never seen anything like this amber light color anywhere.
There was no "structure" around this lit triangle, and there was no type of structural members within the field of light. This object did not make a sound, and what stood out to me was how absolutely still this object was. It did not shake or shimmy, it did not sway in the wind, it was perfectly motionless as if an artist had "painted" it onto the sky. It was defying gravity...defying gravity right before my eyes. I was in awe. I knew I was looking at something that was far beyond any technology this planet possesses. This object defied all science as I knew it. There would be no reason for us to build this big of an object and illuminate the entire bottom of it with this deep amber light. 
Another thing I noticed, the light was perfectly uniform within the triangle, meaning, the light was the same intensity in the rounded corners as it was in the dead center. There was no indication that there was any type of "lamp" or multiple lamps illuminating this surface either from the sides or behind. The light did not sparkle, it did not shine, there was no glare or glare on the sides of the triangle, it just looked like it was painted motionless on the sky overhead. I did not have a camera or cell phone with a camera, which I regret every day. I wondered if the triangular area of light I was seeing was the bottom of the entire craft, or was it attached to something much bigger I just couldn't see in the dark.
After a minute or so, a few vehicles went by me and I decided to get back on the road as I was going to be late for work. As I drove east toward exit 8 (which was my exit), and the object remained in it's place. At this point, I would have to turn my head completely around to see it taking my eyes off the road so I could no longer watch. It dawned on me at that time that the craft had been stationary the entire 20-25 minute trip...it had never moved. It was "parked" in our sky defying gravity...it appeared to rise in the sky because I was driving toward it and eventually "under" it. It never moved an inch the entire time.
I was going to tell the toll booth operator to call Westover Air Base, as the object was only a few miles to it's east, but I clammed up when exiting the turnpike. I was really shocked over the encounter I had just had, as I was convinced and still am to this day that I saw something from another place besides earth. At the same time, I feel very privledged to have been able to witness this event in my lifetime. I know what I saw, and it wasn't ours. I have only discussed this with one person, as I was convinced that others would probably call me a nut. I wanted to protect myself and my daughter's reputation. That may or may not have been the right choice. There isn't a day that goes by that the experience doesn't pop into my mind. I made myself a promise that this year, 2015, I would share this experience hoping maybe someone else had reported this event.
Thank you,
[Name removed/cms/tg]
