{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-07 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488993","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70640","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4262,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/993/mufon-5488993.json","updb_database_id":5488993}
This sighting was initiated by a friend who claims multiple contacts with Annunaki.Visitors

As my friend was on my balcony smoking a cigarette (because smoking is not allowed in my apartment) he called me out to see what he called "an Annunaki space ship" so I came out to the balcony just in time to see a star like object moving in a southbound direction suddenly stop moving and start hovering.

I told my friend I needed to get my glasses so that I could better see the object. So I returned to my living room to collect my eyeglasses. When I returned to the balcony wearing my glasses the object had disappeared into the clouds. When I asked my friend where it had gone he replied that it had ascended vertically.

This sighting was not identifiable in my opinion but was identified by my friend to be an Annunaki vehicle. My friend has been promising me that he has been visiting with the Annunaki and travelling to their home world many times since he was eleven years old.

Psychiatrists have declared this man's ramblings to be delusional because this person has a mental illness. However, the same person has referred me to two other persons who are connected with an Annunaki Star People's landing site in the province of Quebec, Canaada.

I was not surprised to see a moving light in the sky because this was not the first time I have witnessed moving star-like objects in the nightime.

I will prepare a more complete report of all the times I have witnessed what might be called UFOs.

One of the other persons revealed to me by this friend has a website on which he describes a long standing history of Annunaki visitors at the Quebec landing site.

My friend has answered many questions about the Star People. He declares that there are three different types of Alien visitors; namely: The Greys, the Annunaki, and the Reptilian. He also claims that the Annunaki are the most advanced and are willing to share technology in return for certain natural and supernatural resources.

The person who has posted the website has publicly declared that his name and the website are accessible to anyone free from monetary charges or any other obligations.

I am a systems design engineer who has embarked up[on a quest to build a factory to mass manufacture a fleet of faster than light speed space craft that will be used as disaster relief transportation on both of our planets.

My friend has recently backed up my preliminary design work on this project. Due to a lack of finances, I have had to stop working on the project because the software I need costs money and I am living on a fixed income without any success in my efforts to raise any working capital.

My friend and I have watched the MUFON Hangar 1 show many times. He has declared the triangular ships to be Annunaki war vessels. A psychiatrist has convinced authorities to issue an order against my having any further contact with this co-witness. But I do have permission to visit the Annunaki landing site with the person who has posted the website.

I have a diagnosis of schizophrenia, however, I do not think this fact diminishes the quality of my reporting my experiences. My understanding of the true nature of my illness and my success in augmenting the minimal drug therapy prescribed by the doctors allows me to have a cohesive command of the English language, and the ability to be accurate in the details of my report.

I have a self generated internet presence as well and I am fearless to go public with my experiences relating to all my knowledge about the lights that appear to be moving in the sky, and about my scientific contributions to high technology.
