{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522993","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33002","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4047,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/993/mufon-5522993.json","updb_database_id":5522993}
Physical Evidence of UFO landing in my yard

My dissatisfaction with MUFON continues. Several months ago I sent my caseworker images of the strange marks on my back. I got no response whatsoever. 

But Im going to report this anyway for the other people in the area that are seeing and reporting the strange goings ons. MUFON may not be interested in getting to the bottom of this, but I am. My documentation will continue as long as the activity continues.

I go outside almost every night and sightings have been continued to be consistent. Including paranormal activity that has started happening in the house since the beginning of October, and many unexplained power outages/fluctuations. Myself and three witnesses (my sister and our mutual friends, Melissa and Renee) were sitting in the kitchen one night when my sister and I noticed what we thought was smoke under the table. We just kind of brushed it off until a few minutes later when my friend, Melissa, who was sitting next to me, and I noticed something at the same time that alarmed us to the point where we were screaming about it. Across the table from us sat Renee. Behind Renee we saw what looked like a smoke/mist and it seemed to be manifesting from nothing and then it began to swirl in a spiral... The only way I can describe it is that it looked like some sort of portal opening up. Like something youd see in a movie. It was only there for a few seconds and then it was gone. It was enough to frighten my friend into leaving as she is extremely religious and sees these type of events as evil & not to be messed with. Thats when things inside the house started getting weird. Not just at my house, but my sister said shed been experiencing strange things inside her apartment as well. Lights turning off and on at will. The two basement doors (which are locked at all times) were found wide open on more than one occasion. Tapping on the windows when no one is outside. Doorknobs jiggling and turning. Objects going missing for days only to reappear in the very spot they were left. Other objects being moved around in the house all by themselves. Banging and thuds heard within the house... Strange voices being heard. It goes on. It can only be described as a haunting, but I cant help but feel that this is connected to the UFO activity. 

This report is primarily for the landing site I discovered in my yard.

I am willing to let investigators come down here and take a look at the site, but I recommend that they do it as soon as possible before the site gets too disturbed by weather and animals. I have gathered grass and soil samples and am willing to let investigators borrow these samples and/or take some of their own.

Im incredibly alarmed by this, and had a very difficult time sleeping last night. I have created two videos, which Ive uploaded to my youtube channel which pretty much explains it all. Ive also taken about a dozen pictures, which are in the videos, but they can be sent separately. Here are the links:

[Links moved to Field Investigator section/cms/tg]

I think the second video shows it much better.

For others in the area that are seeing/experiencing the same & would like to discuss whats happening with someone who isnt a part of MUFON, you can get in touch with me through my youtube channel. Just drop me a message! I would love to hear and compair stories! 

[cms note: YouTube channels are not advertised on our CMS system/tg]
