{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T06:30:08Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 28, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1861036, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/download-a-zip-file-of-all-37-dird-reports-below/DIRD_10_Metallic_Spintronics.pdf", "source_sha256": "acb1a02a102db5f2c26c7c3042a028c37afd17e8bdf89d8d8bcd18dcf61fe3ab"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 22, "chars": 217, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "clean-vision"}
I:f.
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OPTIETAL 091-ONET
Defense
Intelligence
Reference
Document
Acquisition Threat Support
23 March 2010
ICOD: 1 December 2009
DIA-08-1003-011
Metallic Spintronics
UNCLASSIFIED/+FOR OFFICIAL UGE ONLY

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 74, "chars": 629, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/A5OD OFFICIAL USE ONLY
Metallic Spintronics
Prepared by:
(b)(3):10 USC 424
Defense Intelligence Agency
Author:
(b)(6)
Administrative Note
COPYRIGHT WARNING: Further dissemination of the photographs in this publication is not authorized.
This product is one in a series of advanced technology reports produced in FY 2009
7 Advanced Aerospace
Weapon System Applications (AAWSA) Program. Comments or questions pertaining to
this document should be addressed to [b)(3):10 USC 424(b)6)
Manager, Defense Intelligence Agency, ATTN: [b) 3):10 UsC 42] Bldg 6000, Washington,
DC 20340-5100.
UNCLASSIFIED/LEOR DEEICIALUSE ONLY

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 139, "chars": 1355, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/AFAR-OFF
HUGE ONLY
Contents
1. Introduction
2. Giant Magnetoresistance
2.1 GMR Basics
2.2 GMR Applications
3. Spin-Transfer-Torque..
3.1 STT Basics ..
3.2 STT Experiments
3.3 STT Applications..
3.4 STT-Driven Motion of Magnetic Domain Walls
4. Antiferromagnetic Metal Spintronics .
4.1 Antiferromagnetic GMR
4.2 Antiferromagnetic STT..
5. Summary and Conclusions
6. References ..
.....iv
.....1
1
.... .
...........4
dento sarcase d
7
10
12
12
13
14
16
18
Figures
Figure 1. In a Magnetic Multilayer, Several Atomic Layers of Magnetic Material
Alternate With Layers of Nonmagnetic Material..
Figure 2. Resistance of a Magnetic Multilayer R Versus Magnetic Field ..................
2
Figure 3. Differential Resistance dV/dI of a Mechanical Point Contact as a Function
of Current for a Series of Magnetic Fields...
4
Figure 4. Device Schematics for STT Experiments …
5
Figure 5. Qualitative Picture of STT....
6
Figure 6. Torques on a Magnetic Moment in a Magnetic Field and Subject to an
Electrical Current...............
Figure 7. Spin-Torque-Driven Magnetic Switching..
Figure 8. Oscillatory Voltage ............
Figure 9. Scanning Transmission X-ray Microscopy Images
Figure 10. Conventional MRAM Cell ...
Figure 11. Racetrack Memory Concept
Figure 12. Schematic of Point Contact to Sample Geometry..
7
8
9
10
11
12
15
ill
UNCLASSIFIEDA
NEY

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 336, "chars": 2453, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED HEAR OFEICIAL USE ONLY
Metallic Spintronics
1. Introduction
The rapid pace of progress in the computer industry over the past 40
years has been based on the miniaturization of chips and other
computer components. Further miniaturization, however, faces
serious challenges-for example, increasingly high power dissipation.
To continue on pace, the industry must go beyond incremental
improvements and embrace radically new technologies. A promising
nanoscale technology known as spintronics (a neologism for "spin-
based electronics") has emerged. Spintronics refers to the role an
electron spin plays in solid-state physics. Spintronics researchers
aim to develop a revolutionary new class of electronic devices based
on the spin of electrons in addition to the charge. In spintronic
devices, information is carried not by the electron's charge, as in
conventional microchips, but by the electron's intrinsic spin.
Changing the spin of an electron is faster and requires less power
than moving it. Therefore, if a reliable way could be found to control
and manipulate spins, spintronic devices could offer higher data
processing speeds, lower electricity consumption, and many other
advantages over conventional chips, perhaps including the ability to
carry out radically new quantum computations.
Spintronics in ferromagnetic systems is built on a complementary
set of phenomena in which the magnetic configuration of the system
influences its transport properties and vice versa. Giant
magnetoresistance (GMR) (Reference 1, 2) and spin-transfer-torque
(STT) (Reference 3-5) phenomena exemplify such interconnections
in multilayers composed of ferromagnetic (F) and nonmagnetic (N)
layers. The physics and applications of metallic spintronics are
discussed in this report from the perspective of these two
phenomena. GMR, research on which was awarded the Nobel Prize in
Physics in 2007, refers to a large change in resistance of magnetic
multilayers when the relative orientation of magnetic moments in
their constituent ferromagnetic layers is altered by an applied
magnetic field. The inverse effect, STT, in which a large electrical
current density i can perturb the magnetic state of a multilayer, has
also been predicted (Reference 3, 4) and observed in experiments on
current-induced reversal and precession of magnetization
(Reference 5-9) and magnetic domain wall motion (Reference 10,
11).
iv
UNCLASSIFIED/YFOR OPP
ETAL USE ONET

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 366, "chars": 2688, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/†PeR GI
Spintronics is a broad research field with (currently) three major
subfields: (1) materials research that is attempting to create new
materials that are both magnetic and semiconductors, (2) research
on novel magnetotransport effects in ferromagnetic metals, and (3)
research on techniques that can be used to manipulate individual
electron spins. The first subfield is targeting magnetic
semiconductors because devices based on such materials would be
the easiest to integrate with the present semiconductor device
technology and processing capabilities. However, despite extensive
research, most semiconductor spintronic devices are still theoretical
concepts awaiting experimental demonstrations. This report focuses
on spintronics research in metallic systems within the scope of the
second and third subfields. The second subfield has experienced an
unprecedented period of new discovery over the past 20 years,
including the discovery of GMR, and has already spawned major
technological change in the information storage industry with the
use of GMR sensors and read heads. The third subfield is vital for
spintronic devices, as virtually any processing of information in such
devices is associated with transport and manipulation of spins.
New and efficient methods for manipulating spins that stimulate
active research programs in spintronics at a large number of
academic institutions and a half-dozen industrial research labs
around the world are highly desirable. The prize to be gained is
active control and manipulation of spin distributions (magnetic
moments) for new and improved functionality in
electronic/spintronic devices. The confluence of intense basic
science and industry interest in ferromagnetic metal spintronics has
not occurred on this scale in physics in a long time.
The report is arranged as follows: Section 2 is dedicated to
magnetotransport effects in magnetic systems where magnetic
configuration can influence the system's transport properties. It
discusses GMR in magnetic multilayers and related phenomena,
highlights basic physical principles responsible for GMR, and
describes technological applications of the effect. Section 3 focuses
on the reverse connection between the system's magnetic
configuration and its transport properties-the so-called STT effect.
The physical origin and potential applications are discussed. Section
4 discusses other new directions in metallic spintronics, with a
particular focus on spintronics with antiferromagnetic materials.
Section 5 summarizes, with an eye to the future, the development of
spintronic technologies and their aerospace applications.
V
UNCLASSIFIED/FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 402, "chars": 2828, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED A/FOR OFF
I WE ONLY
2. Giant Magnetoresistance
2.1 GMR BASICS
This section discusses the phenomenon of giant magnetoresistance (GMR). Excellent
reviews of GMR are available elsewhere (Reference 12-22). The focus on physical
concepts important for the sections to follow are discussed.
GMR in magnetic multilayers refers to a dramatic reduction in the resistance of the
multilayers when subjected to an external magnetic field. GMR's size is usually defined
as the resistance change in magnetic field relative to its peak value. The effect can be
distinguished from the ordinary magnetoresistance (MR) coming from the direct action
of the magnetic field on the electron trajectories via the Lorentz force (Reference 23),
and from the anisotropic MR, which comes from dependence of the resistivity on the
relative orientation of magnetic moment to the current (Reference 24).
To prepare the magnetic multilayers,
where several atomic layers of one
(ferromagnetic) material alternate by
layers of another (nonmagnetic)
material (see Figure 1), a wide variety
of deposition methods have been used,
Current
In
the Plane
such as electrochemical deposition
techniques (Reference 25, 26) and
various vacuum deposition techniques
(Reference 27, 28). The latter shares
mainly between two methods using
eitner sputter deposition or molecular
beam epitaxy (MBE) systems. Sputter
deposition involves knocking off the
atoms of the material of interest from a
target by particle bombardment,
Current
Perpendicular
to the Plane
followed by the deposition of high-
energetic atoms (~2-30 electronvolts
[eV]) onto the substrate. A principal
advantage of sputter deposition is the
ease with which many different
materials can be deposited at relatively
high deposition rates. In contrast,
deposition rates in MBE systems are
usually much lower than for sputtering
systems, but much lower energies
Figure 1. In a Magnetic Multilayer, Several Atomic
Layers of Magnetic Material (shown in grey)
Alternate With Layers of Nonmagnetic Material
(shown in white). GMR occurs in one of two different
geometries: (1) when the current flows in the plane (CIP
geometry) of the layers or (2) when the current flows
perpendicular (CPP geometry) to the layers.
(~D.1 eV) of the evaporated material
make this technique favorable for growth of highly oriented single-crystalline films.
The original observation of GMR (Reference 1) was made on MBE grown iron-chromium
(Fe/Cr) multilayers with nearly perfect crystallinity. Subsequently, by using sputtered
samples that are grown much more rapidly than MBE samples, it was possible not only
to reproduce these results but also to observe oscillations in the magnetoresistance as
the thickness of the nonmagnetic spacer layers was varied (Reference 29). Subsequent
1
UNCLASSIFIED /TOR OFFIELAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 440, "chars": 3157, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/†FOR OFFIGIAL USE ONŁY
studies (Reference 30) on sputtered cobalt-copper (Co/Cu) multilayers revealed
magnetoresistances at room temperatures 3 to 4 times larger than those for iron-
chromium and 13 times greater than those for the permalloy films that were used as
magnetoresistive sensors in magnetic reading heads at that time. The much higher
numbers observed in magnetic multilayers predetermined the fate of GMR in magnetic
recording technology.
The current understanding is that GMR
RA
observed in magnetic multilayers arises
TRiE
from the dependence of the resistivity
on their internal magnetic configuration
and the role of the external magnetic
field to change this configuration. Figure
2b illustrates GMR in the simple limit
where the electron mean-free-path is
much longer than the layer thicknesses.
The electrical transport properties of the
system are described in terms of the so-
called two-current model (Reference
31), based on the suggestion by Mott
F1 F2
Magnetic Field
F1 F2
(Reference 32) that, at temperatures
F1
F2
1
lower than the Curie temperature, the
- =
spin-up and spin-down electrons will be
almost independent and carry current in
parallel. Electrons are much more
strongly scattered by a magnetic layer if
they and the local magnetization spin in
opposite rather than the same direction
(R > r). For simplicity, the figure is
drawn with scattering only at interfaces;
however, there is also scattering within
the layers. At zero magnetic field,
where the magnetizations of adjacent
magnetic layers are aligned
antiparallel —for example, because of
exchange coupling between the layers
(Reference 29)—the spin-down
Figure 2. (a) Resistance of a magnetic multilayer R
versus magnetic field. (b) Origin of GMR in terms of
spin-dependent electron scattering: F1 and F2 are
ferromagnetic layers with a nonmagnetic layer in
between. At zero magnetic field, the magnetizations
in F1 and F2 are aligned antiparallel (center panel)
and can be switched to parallel orientation by an
applied field. (C) The equivalent resistance circuits
corresponding to the three magnetic configurations
shown in (b), See text for details.
electrons are weakly scattered in layer
F1 but strongly scattered in F2. In contrast, the spin-up electrons are weakly scattered
in layer F2 but strongly scattered in F1. As a result, two channels are equivalent,
leading to a total resistance in this "antiferromagnetic" configuration RAF = (R+r)/2 (see
the corresponding resistance circuit in Figure 2c).
When the magnetizations of the two F layers are set into parallel configuration by an
applied magnetic field, the spin-up electrons are weakly scattered in both layers and
form a low-resistivity channel, whereas the spin-down electrons are strongly scattered
in all the layers and form a high-resistivity channel. The reversal of magnetic field just
interchanges the roles of spin-up and spin-down channels. The current's shunting by
the low-resistivity channel produces a low total resistance RF = 2Rr/(R+r) in this
"ferromagnetic" configuration. The size of the GMR is defined as (RAF-RF)/RAF = (R-
UNCLASSIFIED/ LEOR DEFICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 434, "chars": 3047, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//PON
2 ONLY
r)/(R+r)? ≤ 1. The other definition AR/R = (RaF-RF)/RF = (R-r)2/4Rr (unbounded from
above) is also in use. Figure 2a shows a magnetoresistance curve typical for magnetic
multilayers. The resistance is constant at a minimum value RF above a saturation field
Bs (parallel Fs) and rises to a maximum value Raf as the applied magnetic field B
approaches zero (antiparallel Fs).
GMR occurs in two different geometries (see Figure 1): namely when the current flows
in the plane of the layers, or CIP geometry, or when current flows perpendicular to the
layers, or CPP geometry. Most of experiments on GMR are carried out in the CIP
geometry because measuring the fairly large resistance of a thin film is quite easy (film
length is typically orders of magnitude larger than its thickness). Experiments in the
CPP geometry are more difficult (Reference 33) and require special techniques for
increase the resistances to easily observable values, microfabrication techniques can be
used to reduce the sample's cross-sectional area (Reference 34-36). Finally, a simple
and inexpensive point-contact technique (Reference 37) may also be suitable for this
purpose. The samples with a reduced cross-sectional area will be of interest for spin-
transfer-torque experiments presented in Section 3,
2.2 GMR APPLICATIONS
GMR is currently used in magnetic field sensors, including those in read heads for
computer hard drives, in galvanic isolators, and in nonvolatile random access memory
devices. Reading information stored on magnetic hard disk drives in computers was the
first large-scale commercial application of GMR. The information is stored by
magnetizing small regions (magnetic domains) of a magnetic recording disk in different
directions. The stray magnetic fields from these domains are detected by a GMR
sensing element called spin valve. The simplest type of spin valve consists of two
ferromagnetic layers separated by a thin, nonmagnetic spacer. The spin-valve
resistance is smallest when the magnetizations of the two ferromagnetic layers are
parallel and largest when the magnetizations are antiparallel. The antiparallel alignment
is achieved by making the two layers respond differently to an external magnetic field;
an antiferromagnet in contact with one of the layers is used to effectively "pin" the
magnetization in this layer through an effect called "exchange bias. " The exceptional
responsiveness of spin valves to magnetic fields has enabled very high areal packing
densities in hard drives.
Other sensor applications using GMR elements include monitoring of a ferrous gear
rotation in machinery operation (Reference 38) via detection of a changing magnetic
lux when a gear tooth passes near the sensor, monitoring of electrical current vi
detection of the current-induced Oersted magnetic field, and transferring high.
frequency signals between isolated circuits (Reference 39) via magnetic fields
generated by a high-frequency inductor in one circuit and replicated in another circuit
by a GMR sensor.
3

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 406, "chars": 3031, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR GFFISIAL USE ONLY
3. Spin-Transfer-Torque
This section focuses on the spin-transfer-torque (STT) phenomenon, which refers to a
novel method to control and manipulate magnetic moments in nanostructures by spin
currents-one of the forefront and most exciting areas in magnetism research today.
3.1 STT BASICS
The previous section showed that the magnetic state of a ferromagnet can affect its
electrical transport properties; for instance, the relative orientation of the magnetic
moments in magnetic multilayers underlies the phenomenon of GMR (Reference 1, 2).
The inverse effect, in which a large electrical current density can perturb the magnetic
state of a multilayer, has also been predicted (Reference 3, 4). Here the current
transfers vector spin between the magnetic layers and induces precession and/or
reversal of the layer magnetizations. Altering the magnetic state with spin currents is
based on quantum mechanical exchange interaction and represents a novel method of
magnetization control on the nanometer length scale and the picosecond time scale.
The first observation of such a spin-
45
transfer phenomenon in magnetic
V (8T)
multilayers was recorded by Tsoi et al.
44
(Reference 5) (see Figure 3). In this
experiment, the spin-transfer-induced
43
4(6T)
excitations were produced by injecting
>
high-density electrical currents into a
Co/Cu magnetic multilayer through a
mechanical point contact. Point contacts
(7)IP/AP
42
421)
41
smaller than 10 nanometers (nm) are
formed when a sharpened Cu metal
4D
wire (tip) is carefully brought into
contact with the multilayer. The
39
extremely small cross-sectional area of
such a contact makes it possible to
achieve current densities in excess of
38
•0.03
-0.02
-0.01
1012 A/m?. Because of its extremely
small size (<10 nm), point contact is a
very efficient probe of electrical
transport properties in extremely smali
sample volumes inaccessible with other
techniques (for example, electron-
beam-lithography patterning). The
latter qualifies point contact as the smallest probe of STT today.
-24
-18-
6
0.00
0.01
0.02
0.03
Figure 3. Differential Resistance dV/dI of a
Mechanical Point Contact as a Function of Current
for a Series of Magnetic Fields. The peak in dV/dI
indicates the onset of SST excitations. The inset shows
that the threshold current at the peak in dv/dI increases
linearly with the applied fleld. (Reference 5)
The STT phenomenon currently attracts considerable attention because it combines
poorly understood fundamental science questions with the promise of applications in a
broad range of technologies. In high-speed, high-density magnetic recording
technology, for instance, SST could replace the Oersted field currently used for writing
magnetic bits in storage media (for example, in magnetic random access memory
[MRAM]). This may lead to a smaller and faster magnetic memory. Another possible
application is based on the spin-transfer-induced precession of magnetization, which
4
UNCLASSIFIED / LEOR OFFICIAL USE-ONE*

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 435, "chars": 3349, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED / AFAR OFFIC
converts a direct current (dc) voltage input into an alternating current (ac) voltage
output. The frequency of such a precession can be tuned from a few gigahertz (GHz) to
> 100 GHz by changing the applied magnetic field and/or de current, effectively
resulting in a current-controlled oscillator for use in practical microwave circuits.
Since its prediction in 1996, the STT effect has been observed in a number of
experiments, including those with mechanical (Reference 5, 9, 40) and lithographic
point contacts (Reference 6, 41), manganite junctions (Reference 7), electrochemically
grown nanowires (Reference 8), lithographically defined nanopillars (Reference 42, 43),
tunnel junctions (Reference 44), and semiconductor structures (Reference 45). These
different methods all share one characteristic feature: they make it possible to attain
extremely high current densities (>1012 A/m? for metallic structures) needed to produce
sufficiently large spin-transfer torques (Reference 3, 4). This is achieved by forcing the
electrical current to flow through a very small constriction. The latter can be a
mechanical point contact, a lithographically defined point contact or nanopillar, or a
nanowire, as illustrated in Figure 4. In all cases, the maximum current density jmax =
I/A is defined by the current I flowing through the device and the minimum cross-
sectional area A of the current path. For typical mechanical point contacts, I ~1 mA and
A ~100 nm? gives imax ~1013 A/m?. In lithographically defined structures, both I and A
are typically larger, I ~10 mA and A ~10000 nm?, that gives Imax ~1012 A/m2.
mechanical
point contacts
e
lithographycal
point contacts
manganite
trilayer junctions
electrodeposited lithographycal
nanowires
pillar devices
Figure 4. Device Schematics for STT Experiments. All experiments share one common feature: a small
constriction for electrical current-that is, point contact, junction, nanowire, or nanopillar. Black (grey) indicates
insulator; dark blue indicates magnetic material.
The basic physical mechanism underlying STT relies on conservation of angular
momentum. Consider a pedagogically simple case where a conduction electron crosses
an interface between a nonmagnetic metal (N) and a ferromagnet (F). We assume the
initial state of the electron's spin S in N is noncollinear to the F's magnetization M. Once
into F, S is subject to an exchange torque caused by M that tends to reorient 5.
Therewith, according to Newton's Third Law, there should also exist a reaction torque
that acts on M - STT torque. Deep into F, 5 is aligned with M, and the change in
angular momentum that occurs from its reorientation has been transferred to M. Hence
the phenomenon's name: spin-transfer torque. Of course, the torque applied to M by a
single-spin S is negligibly small owing to S being negligibly small compared with M. For
high current density crossing the N/F interface, however, the number of such spins can
be very large and the resulting effective S might become comparable to M. This
highlights the need for high current densities to observe the STT phenomenon.
A typical experiment on current-driven excitation of a ferromagnet usually involves two
single-domain thin-film magnets separated by a nonmagnetic spacer. Here one magnet
5
UNCLASSIFIED/TFOR OPTICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 484, "chars": 3065, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ LEOR DEFICIAL USF AMLX
(Fa) is "hard" and used to polarize the current, while the spacer (N) is thin enough for
the polarized current to get through and excite the second "free" magnet (Fb). This
Fa/N/Fb trilayer structure is similar to a GMR spin valve. The GMR effect can thus be
used to monitor the orientation of Fb relative to Fa - GMR varies linearly with cose,
where 0 is angle between magnetic moments of Fa and Fo, and a phenomenological
description (Reference 46) gives the trilayer resistance R(A) = RF + (RAF - RF) (1 -
COSA)/2. When current flows across Fa/N/Fo, the current-induced torques act on both Fa
and Fb layers (Reference 3, 47). This is schematically illustrated in Figure 5. This
qualitative picture of STT assumes both Fa and Fo layers are perfect spin filters, so that
electron spins aligned with the magnetic moment of, for example, Fa layer are
completely transmitted through the layer, while spins aligned antiparallel to the layer
moment are completely reflected. When electron current crosses the Fb/N/Fa trilayer
from right to left (Figure 5a), electrons transmitted through Fa will be polarized along
Fa. If spin-diffusion length in N is long enough, this spin-polarized current will reach Fb
and exert a torque on Fo in a direction so as to align Fo with Fa. Repeating the argument
for Fb, we find that electrons reflected from Fo will be polarized antiparallel to Fo and,
hence, in turn exert a torque on Fa trying to align Fa antiparallel with Fs. The net result
is a pinwheel-type motion with both Fa and Fb rotating in the same direction (clockwise
in Figure 5a), as described previously by Slonczewski (Reference 3). When the current
crosses the trilayer from left to right, the directions of the torques are reversed (Figure
5b)—the torque on Fa is trying to align Fa parallel with Fo, while the torque on Fo is
trying to align Fb antiparallel with Fa.
F
b
N
F
a
F
b
N
F
a
(a)
→
(b)
Electron Current
Electron Current
Figure 5. Qualitative Picture of STT. (a) For left-going electrons magnetic moments (thin arrows) of both Fa and
Fu are rotated clockwise. (b) For right-going electrons the directions of the torques (thick arrows) on Fa and Fo are
reversed. (Reference 47)
The above discussion implies the asymmetry of STT with respect to current direction as
follows. Let's fix the orientation of the polarizer Fa; in experiments this is usually
accomplished by making Fa very thick (compared with Fb) or by pinning its orientation
with an adjacent antiferromagnetic layer via the phenomenon of exchange bias. If
initially Fo is almost parallel with Fa, the left-going electrons will stabilize this parallel
alignment, and no ST excitation is present. When current bias is reversed, the torque
on Fo will try to rotate Fo away from Fa and will result in STT excitation of the system.
This asymmetry with respect to current polarity is one of the main features of STT in
experiments; see, for instance, Figure 5, where STT excitations are present only at
negative bias.
6
UNCLASSIFIED/ JEOR OFFICIAL LISE DALLY

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 355, "chars": 2354, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR DEEICIAL USE DAL*.
3.2 STT EXPERIMENTS
Section 3.1 introduced the physics of STT in magnetic nanosystems. We have seen that
a high-density electrical current can result in torques on magnetic elements of the
system. These torques may be used to control and manipulate the system's magnetic
state. However, the resulting behavior of the system can differ significantly from case
to case, depending on particular conditions of observation. For instance, in modest
external magnetic fields, magnetization of a small element can be repeatedly reversed
between two stable configurations, while at higher fields, where the reversal is
energetically unfavorable, the moment can be set into precession at a very high
frequency. To understand details of what happens with a magnetic moment 5 in a
particular situation, one can use Newton's Second Law.
For 5 this would be the Landau-Lifshitz-Gilbert equation, where the rate of change of 5
is set equal to the net torque acting on
Equation 1:
dt
a 5x
ISl
de +* 48.8×(8 ×8)
Here the first term on the right is the
torque on a magnetic moment 5 in an
effective magnetic field Beff, (including
applied, demagnetizing, anisotropy, and
other fields), with the gyromagnetic
ratio; the second term is a
phenomenological damping term
introduced by Gilbert, with a the Gilbert
damping parameter; the third term is
the SST where small s
and 5* are unit
vectors along 5 and the polarizer 5*, I
is the current, us is the Bohr magneton,
e is the electron charge, and ny is the
spin-polarization factor.
B
eff
STT
Damping
The diagram in Figure 6 shows the
directions of the three torques from
S
Equation 1. Note that, depending on the
polarity of applied current, the STT
Figure 6. Torques on a Magnetic Moment in a
torque can be either in the same or
Magnetic Field and Subject to an Electrical Current
opposite direction as the damping
torque. In the former case, STT will effectively result in an increased damping for any
magnitude of the applied current and suppress any possible excitations of 5 from its
equilibrium state along Bert. If, however, the STT torque is opposite to the damping,
we can distinguish two situations. For currents below a critical current, where STT is
small compared with damping, 5 spirals toward Beff (red trajectory in Figure 6). For
7
UNCLASSIFIED/ /EOR RELICIAL VEE ONLY

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 459, "chars": 3256, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED /«БОД ОББЫ
TAL LISE ANIY
currents larger than the critical current, STT exceeds the damping torque and causes S
to spiral away from Beff, with a steadily increasing precession angle. The ultimate
result can be either stable steady-state precession of 5 around B eft (black trajectory in
Figure 6) or magnetic reversal of 5 into a state antiparallel to Beff, depending on the
angular dependence of STT and damping torques.
Almost all experimental observations of STT rely on the GMR phenomenon to detect the
current-induced reorientation of magnetic moments in nanodevices. Typical
measurements include (1) measuring static device resistance R=V/I as a function of
applied de bias current I in an applied magnetic field B and (2) measuring R versus B
at a constant I. Figure 3 shows how the differential resistance dV/dI of a Cu point
contact to Co/Cu magnetic multilayer varies with the bias voltage V (equivalent to I)
applied across the contact. Here the multilayer magnetic moments are saturated out of
the plane of the layers by a sufficiently large external magnetic field (B ≥ 2T). The
onset of STT-driven magnetic precession is revealed by a peak in differential resistance
of the contact. The peak in dV/di indicates the transition into precession is a reversible
process, and in a small range of currents, one can continuously increase or decrease
the angle of precession. However, other scenarios are also possible-for example, fast
transitions between static and steady-state precession states with current-dependent
dwell time.
If the applied magnetic field is small, the
magnetic system can have more than one
low-energy state. In the simple case of a
8.2
magnetic element with uniaxial
anisotropy, STT can trigger a transition
between two static states that are
8.1-
energetically favorable. An example of
such behavior is shown in Figure 7. Here
8.0
the current is driven across a trilayer
Py20nm/Cu12nm/Py4.5nm spin-valve
structure patterned by electron beam
lithography into a nanopillar with a 40 x
120 nm? cross-sectional area (Reference
48). The differential resistance of the
nanopillar exhibits a hysteresis as a
function of an applied bias current as the
magnetization of the thin (free) permalloy
(Py) layer is aligned parallel and
antiparallel to the thick (hard) Py layer by the current.
0.4 -0.2 0.0 0.2 0.4
I (mA)
Figure 7. Spin-torque-driven magnetic switching
for a Py20nm/Cu12nm/Py4.5nm spin valve with a
40x120-nm- cross-sectional area, as the
magnetization of the thin (free) magnetic layer is
aligned parailel and antiparallel to the thicker
magnetic layer by an applied current. (Reference
The two examples presented above (Figures 3 and 7) demonstrate how simple de
resistance measurements can be used for STT observation. Here the measured
resistance of a device provides indirect information about the relative orientation of
magnetic elements in the device. However, measured critical currents highlighted by
sharp variations in the resistance remain the only experimental information that can be
used to quantitatively compare theory and experiment. Moreover, the de measurements
in Figure 3 provide no information about fast evolution of magnetization in the device
8
UNCLASSIFIED/HERROFFICIALUGE ONLY

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 431, "chars": 3138, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/HEOR OFFICIAL LISE ONLY
associated with high-frequency precession of magnetic moments. High-frequency
techniques must be employed to provide such capabilities, as discussed next.
The first experiment providing unequivocal evidence that a de electrical current can
result in high-frequency (tens of GHZ) precession of magnetic moments was reported
by Tsoi et al. in (Reference 9). Here an STT device-point contact-was placed in a
microwave cavity of a high-frequency, high-field electron spin resonance (ESR)
spectrometer. This arrangement allowed performing de transport experiments, such as
those described above, while the contact was irradiated with high-frequency
microwaves, When the frequency of external microwaves matched the precession
frequency excited by the de current, an additional (rectified) voltage was detected
across the contact. By detecting this voltage while varying the external frequency, field,
and applied current, Tsoi et al. (Reference 9) were able to map the frequency excited
by de current as a function of applied field and current. In a more recent experiment,
Rippard et al. (Reference 49) fed microwaves to a point contact via electrical leads and
reported observation of a similar de response.
Finally, the high-frequency dynamics of
the free-layer magnetization can be
measured directly by detecting high-
frequency oscillations in voltage across
a spin valve under de current. Here the
hard magnetic layer is fixed, while the
free layer exhibits a high-frequency
precession relative to the hard layer.
GMR results in a high-frequency
modulation of the spin-valve resistance,
which in turn leads to a high-frequency
component of the voltage across the
spin valve traversed by a dc current.
This voltage can be directly probed with
a high-frequency spectrum analyzer, as
was recently done by Kiselev et al.
(Reference 50) and by Rippard et al.
(Reference 41). Moreover the voltage
oscillations owing to spin-torque-driven
magnetic precession can be directly
measured in time domain using a
sampling oscilloscope (Reference 51),
as illustrated in Figure 8.
100 -
voltage i
•100
5
10
Time (ns)
Figure 8. Oscillatory Voltage Generated by
Precessional Motion of the Free Magnet in
IrMn8nm/NiFe4nm/Cu8nm/NiFe4nm Nanopillar, in
Response to a 335-mV de Voltage Step Applied to
the Device at B = 630 Oersteds (Reference 51)
The above examples illustrate how broadband instrumentation for measuring voltage in
GMR devices may provide important and often unique information about high-frequency
magnetic dynamics driven by spin-transfer torques. However, the detailed
understanding of STT is still the subject of debate and requires new experimental
techniques capable of probing magnetization dynamics on nanometer length scales and
sub-nanosecond time scales. In principle, this can be accomplished by the use of
synchrotron x-rays that were recently shown (Reference 52) to probe interfacial
phenomena and directly image the time-resolved response of magnetic nanostructures
to sub-nanosecond magnetic field pulses (Oersted switching) and spin-polarized current
UNCLASSIFIED/LEOR DEFICIALUSS OALK

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 364, "chars": 2537, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ AEAR AFFIGIAL UGE ONE*
pulses (STT switching). Figure 9 shows scanning transmission x-ray microscopy
(Reference 53) images of in-plane components of magnetization M - Mx in panel (a)
and My in panel (b)-in the free CoFe layer (indicated by blue ellipse) of a 100x150-nm?
magnetic nanopillar. The images were obtained by scanning a focused (diameter « 30
nm) circularly polarized x-ray beam across the Cofe layer, with the photon energy
tuned to the characteristic Co L3 resonance to provide magnetic contrast through the x-
ray magnetic circular dichroism effect (Reference 54), and by monitoring transmission
of the x-rays as a function of the position x, y with a fast avalanche detector. The M-
vector field of the free layer can be reconstructed from the measured Mx and My
components as illustrated in Figure 9c, and the ultrafast x-ray microscopy technique
provided a means to monitor this field as a function of time with ~100-picosond
resolution. The spatial resolution of the technique is set by the spot size of the x-ray
beam (~30 nm) and currently limits its application to spintronic devices > 100 nm in
size (Reference 52). Potentially, however, technical development of the ultrafast x-ray
microscopy may lead to an ultimate technique for STT studies that can probe the M-
vector field on the nanometer length scale with picosecond time resolution.
(a)
(b)
(c)
Figure 9. Scanning transmission x-ray microscopy images of Mx (a) and My (b) components of
magnetization M combine into the vector field (C), which represents the direction of M in the plane of
the CoFe free layer. (Reference 52)
3.3 STT APPLICATIONS
The STT method to manipulate magnetic moments by an electrical current offers
precedentea spatlai ana temporal control or spin distributions and attract
onsiderable attention because of its potential application in a broad range o
technologies. The perspective of STT for GHz communication applications and in
magnetic recording technology is discussed.
The STT application in high-frequency technologies is based on the spin-transfer-
induced precession of spins. The previous section discussed how precession of
magnetization in GMR devices can convert a do current input into an ac voltage output.
The frequency of this output can be tuned from a few GHz to > 100 GHz by changing
the applied magnetic field and/or the de current, effectively resulting in a current-
controlled oscillator for use in practical microwave circuits. Hence, the STT effect in
10
UNCLASSIFIED/#FOR-OFFICIAL UGE ONLY

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 405, "chars": 2884, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/†fe
GIAL USE ONIX
GMR structures provides a means to engineer a nanoscale high-frequency oscillator
powered and tuned by de current. Such an oscillator could have frequency
characteristics spanning more than 100 GHz and perhaps into terahertz range.
Linewidths as narrow as 2 megahertz were demonstrated (Reference 55), leading to
quality factors over 18,000. Potential applications for such high-frequency sources
include integrated transceivers for wireless and wired applications, as well as wireless
and wired chip-to-chip and on-chip communications. For the latter, logic circuits with a
spin wave bus were proposed (Reference 56, 57) as an interface between electronic
circuits and integrated spintronics circuits. Here spin waves are used for information
transmission and processing, and the STT effect can provide a means for efficient spin-
wave generation on the nanoscale.
In high-speed, high-density magnetic recording technology, STT could replace the
Oersted field currently used for writing magnetic bits in storage media (for example,
magnetic random access memory [MRAM]), thus leading to smaller and faster magnetic
memory. Figure 10a schematically shows a bit cell of a conventional MRAM. The bit
state is programmed to a "1" or "0" by switching between the parallel and antiparallel
states of a GMR-like storage element. The first-generation MRAM utilizes magnetic
tunnel junctions (MTJ) as storage elements because of their higher magnetoresistance
ratios and impedance-matching constraints. However in scaling MRAM to small
dimensions, the same constraints are expected to drive a transition from MTs to fully
metallic spin-valve storage elements. The switching between "1" and "0" states
(writing) relies on magnetic reversal of the MTI's free layer, achieved by passing
electrical currents down the "bit" and "write" lines, that generates a sufficiently strong
magnetic field at their intersection (that is, for a given MTJ). However, as the spatial
decay of this Oersted field is rather slow (~1/r2), it may affect neighboring cells. This
makes scaling of MRAM to small dimensions questionable.
(a)
(b)
Bit line
MTJ
Bypass Line
Cladding
Bit line
Landing
Pad
Source
Drain
Si substrate
Source
Drain
Si substrate
Write Word Line
Figure 10. Conventional MRAM Cell (a) Versus STT MRAM Cell (b) (Reference 58)
STT MRAM (see Figure 10b) removes the constraints on scalability. Here the switching
of the free layer magnetic moment is achieved by STT switching when a high-density
electrical current is driven directly through the storage element (MT] or spin valve).
This writing is thus performed at high current levels, while the reading (measuring the
resistance of the element) is done at low currents. Since STT MRAM eliminates the need
for "write" and "bypass" lines, a more compact memory can be realized.
11
UNCLASSIFIED / LEOR DEFICIAL USE ANLK

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 441, "chars": 3122, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/+FAR OFF
SIAL USE ANLY
3.4 STT-DRIVEN MOTION OF MAGNETIC DOMAIN WALLS
Yet another manifestation of STT in metallic ferromagnets is a motion of magnetic
domain walls traversed by an electrical current. The original prediction of the effect
dates back to 1978, when Luc Berger predicted that a spin-polarized current should
apply a torque to a magnetic domain wall (Reference 59). In a series of remarkable but
only recently appreciated works, Berger set the theoretical (Reference 59-62) and
experimental (Reference 63-65) groundwork for current-induced domain wall motion
(CIDWM), which is now documented in materials ranging from magnetic
semiconductors (Reference 66) to perpendicular-anisotropy superlattices (Reference
67). But the most widely studied materials by far have been metallic ferromagnets
(Reference 10, 11, 68-82), including Py (NiaiFe19), Cofe, and Co, because of their
decades-long ubiquity in magnetic storage technology.
The CIDWM effect can be qualitatively understood on the basis of the following
arguments. Consider an electrical current flowing between two magnetic domains (A
and B) with opposite magnetizations and, thus, traversing a 180-degree magnetic
domain wall. The situation is similar to that of a single N/F interface discussed in
Section 3.1. While in domain A, spins of conduction electrons are preferentially aligned
with the magnetic moment of A. Once into domain B, the spins reverse to align with the
moment of B. In reversing the electron spins, magnetic moments in the domain wall
experience a torque associated with the change in angular momentum that occurs from
the rotation of electrons spins. This spin-transfer torque can move the domain wall in
the direction of the electron flow.
Moving magnetic domain walls with
B
current was proposed as the basis for a
new type of magnetic memory called
"racetrack" (Reference 83). In contrast
Roaring
to today's hard disk drives (HDD), which
C
rely on spinning motion of a disk to
move their magnetic regions where the
data is stored past a read head, the
racetrack memory exploits the idea of
moving magnetically stored data
electronically. Figure 11 illustrates the
D
concept of the racetrack. The racetrack
idl
is a ferromagnetic nanowire, with data
encoded as a pattern of magnetic
domains along the wire. Current pulses
can move the entire pattern along the
Hacerack
Venical racetrack
sloragg array
Figure 11. Racetrack Memory Concept. (Reference 83)
wire. The two cartoons of Figure 11a
show the domain wall patterns in the racetrack before and after they have moved past
read and write elements. Reading is achieved by measuring the resistance of a tunnel
junction element connected to the racetrack (Figure 11b); writing (Figure 11c), by
applying local magnetic fields-for example, the fringing fields of a domain wall moved
in another nanowire. If U-shaped nanowires are placed normal to the plane of a chip
and arranged into high-density arrays of racetracks (Figure 11d), the resulting storage
density can be higher than that in solid-state memory devices like flash RAM and
12
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR O
ISE ONLY

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 452, "chars": 3242, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR-OFFIGIAŁ tSE-ONLY
similar to conventional HDDs; but the racetrack memory would have much higher
read/write performance than HDD.
4. Antiferromagnetic Metal Spintronics
Recently, MacDonald and coworkers (Reference 84) predicted that effects similar to
GMR and STT observed with ferromagnets ought to occur in multilayer systems where
the ferromagnetic (F) components are replaced by antiferromagnets (AFM). First, they
predicted that the resistance of an AFM spin valve-where two AFM layers are
separated by an N spacer-could depend on the relative orientations of the magnetic
moments in the two AFM layers (antiferromagnetic GMR = AGMR). Second, they
predicted that injecting a sufficiently strong current density into an AFM should affect
its magnetic state via current-induced spin torque. These new AFM effects could lead to
new all-AFM spintronics where AFMs are used in place of Fs.
Replacing F metals with AFM metals in a spintronic device has several advantages.
While AGMR of an AFM spin valve was predicted (Reference 84) to be similar in
magnitude to GMR in standard F spin valves, the critical current needed to alter the
magnetic order in AFMs can be smaller than for Fs, partly because spin torques can act
through the entire AFM volume. The estimate of the necessary current density j~ 10°
A/m? (Reference 84) was less than the typical j ~ 1011 A/m? needed to reverse the
magnetic order in F/N/F multilayers (Reference 5-9, 40-43, 48-51). Finally, using AFM
metals in spintronic devices in place of F metals would eliminate unwanted effects of
shape anisotropy on the magnetic stability of small elements, thus potentially offering
better control of the magnetic state in nanoscale systems and easing fabrication
requirements.
Following the original predictions of MacDonald and coworkers (Reference 84), Xu et al.
(Reference 85) calculated the AGMR for a simple AFM/N/AFM/N = FeMn/Cu/FeMn/Cu
multilayer, and Gomonay and Loktev (Reference 86) provided additional theoretical
evidence that polarized current can destabilize the equilibrium state of an AFM. Note,
however, that all calculations to date are for perfect samples and depend on quantum
coherence. It is known that disorder can reduce the predicted effects. Experiments are
thus crucial to see if any such effects are visible in real samples.
4.1 ANTIFERROMAGNETIC GMR
To the author's knowledge, the only experimental study searching for AGMR was
performed by Wei et al. (Reference 87). They have measured current-in-plane (CIP)
and current-perpendicular-to-plane (CPP) magnetoresistances (MR) of magnetic
multilayers containing two antiferromagnetic layers separated by a nonmagnetic layer.
Such an antiferromagnetic spin valve, AFM/N/AFM, was predicted (Reference 84) to
exhibit AGMR similar to GMR seen in ferromagnetic spin valves, F/N/F, containing two
ferromagnetic layers separated by a nonmagnetic layer. Note, however, that
calculations (Reference 84) assumed ballistic transport in samples with perfect layers
and interfaces where AGMR is a consequence of quantum interference effects. Thus,
any disorder that produces diffusive scattering and weakens quantum interference will
weaken any such AGMR.
13
UNCLASSIFIED/HEAR DEFICIAL USE GALA

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 571, "chars": 3806, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/†FOR OFF
SIAŁ UGE 8HŁX
In F/N/F trilayers, the relative orientation of the magnetizations of the two Fs is
controlled by an externally applied magnetic field B. To achieve well-defined antiparallel
and parallel states of the two F layers, the moment of one F is often "pinned," via
exchange coupling (exchange bias) to an adjacent AFM layer (Reference 88, 89),
leaving the moment of the other free to reverse in much smaller B. In a simple
AFM/N/AFM sample, just applying a field B is not expected to be efficient because of the
weak effect of external fields on magnetic moments in AFMs. To achieve better control
of the AFMs, AFM/N/AFM spin valves can be sandwiched between two F layers to give
F/AFM/N/AFM/F, with the two AFM layers differently exchange-coupled to their
respective F neighbors. Applying a magnetic field to change the magnetic order of the F
layers should then also affect the order of the AFM layers. In addition to AFM/N/AFM
and F/AFM/N/AFM/F multilayers, Wei et al. (Reference 87) have studied a variety of
structures-F/AFM/N/AFM, AFM/F/N/AFM, F/AFM, and single F and AFM layers-to
isolate the MR observations of interest from potential spurious effects.
For small applied currents, neither standard current-in-plane (CIP) MR measurements
on extended multilayer films nor CP MR measurements with point contacts showed
any MRs for samples of all types. For larger applied currents, small positive CPP MRS
(resistance is highest at saturation) were sometimes observed in samples with at least
one Flayer, while no MR was seen in samples with no Fs. These observations suggest
sputtered AFM/N/AFM multilayers do not show AGMR, possibly owing to mostly diffusive
transport in such imperfect films. Small MRs observed at higher currents in films with F
layers may be associated with the suppression at high currents of spin accumulation
induced within and around Fs (Reference 90). Further studies on high-quality films are
still needed to verify any possible existence of AGMR in such structures.
4.2 ANTIFERROMAGNETIC STT
Stimulated by the theoretical studies in (Reference 84-86), four experimental searches
for effects of STT on AFMs have been published so far (Reference 91-94), all working
with exchange-biased spin-valves (EBSVs) of the form AFM/F1/N/F2. Here the AFM lies
outside the "active" GMR region of the two F layers and serves mainly to "pin" the
magnetization of the adjacent FZ layer to a higher reversing (switching) field than that
of the "free" F1 layer, leaving the F1 layer free to rotate at a lower field. The pinning is
produced either by heating the sample to above the blocking temperature of the AFM,
applying a magnetic field, and then cooling to room temperature with the field on or by
applying a magnetic field during sample growth. Wei et al. (Reference 91) used a point
contact to inject a high do current density j ~ 1012 A/m? approximately CPP into an
EBSV film. Urazhdin and Anthony (Reference 92) sent a de CPP current density j ~ 5 x
1011 A/m2 into electron-beam-lithography-fabricated nanopillar EBSVs. Tang et al.
(Reference 93) sent a do current-in-plane (CIP) current density ~ 101° A/m2 into an
EBSV film with a metallic AFM. Dai et al. (Reference 94) sent an ac CIP current density j
~ 109 A/m? into an EBSV film with an insulating AFM. In all of the studies (Reference
91-94), it was found that a sufficiently high bias current can influence the magnetic
reversal of the "pinned" F1 layer. As the pinning (exchange bias) is known to be
associated with interfacial AFM moments (Reference 88, 89), this observation can be
taken as evidence of effects of the current on the AFM predicted in (Reference 84-86),
given that other spurious effects (for example, Joule heating) can be ruled out.
14
UNCLASSIFIED/ LEQR DEEICIAL LISE ONLY

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 533, "chars": 3628, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/LEOR OFFICIAL
4S5 ONE
The original observation of the effect was reported by Wei et al. (Reference 91), who
measured magnetoresistance of a point contact to EBSV film at room temperature (~
295K) with negative current flowing from the contact tip into the film. The sample
geometry is shown in Figure 12a. A point contact is used to inject a de current into a
sputtered N/F1/N/F2/AFM/N = Cu(50 or 100nm)/CoFe(3 or 10nm)/Cu(10nm)/CoFe(3 or
10nm)/FeMn (3 or 8nm)/Au(5nm) multilayer (or inverted versions thereof-that is,
Cu/FeMn/CoFe/Cu/CoFe/Au). The sample is heated to ~ 450K (above the blocking
temperature of FeMn) and then cooled in a magnetic field of 180 Oersteds to exchange-
bias the "pinned" layer F2 to a higher magnetic field than needed to reverse the "free"
layer F2. The top layer is covered by a 5-nm-thick layer of Au to protect it from
atmospheric contamination. The magnetic field His applied in the plane of the layers
and along the direction of exchange bias. Magnetic coupling between the two Flayers
should be negligible, because the N layer is thick enough (10 nm) to eliminate
exchange coupling, and the two Flayers are wide enough (* mm) to minimize dipolar
coupling. The bottom N layer is Cu, made thick enough (50 or 100 nm) to approximate
an equipotential, thereby generating an approximately CPP current flow through the
F1/N/F2/AFM EBSV.
a
b
44 -
F1
FZ
AFM
N
3D
•30
1D
- 10
20
- -20
•40
•20
B (mT)
Figure 12. (a) Schematic of point contact to sample geometry. Omitted is a 5-nm-thick protective Au
capping layer between the point contact and the multilayer, The bottom N layer is also much thicker
than shown to help produce a nearly CPP current. (b) R (vertical scale) versus applied magnetic field B
for a serles of currents I. The solid black curves are hysteresis curves starting from large positive B and
finishing at large negative B. The grey curves start at large negative B and finish at positive B. In the
dark curves, the "free" layer, F1, switches at - -5 mT and the pinned layer, F2, switches at fields
ranging from below -40 mT (large positive I) to about - 60 mT (large negative I). {c-e) Grey-scale plots
of R versus B for different values of I. White is maximum R (antiparallel state) and black Is minimum R
(parallel state). Lines are linear fits to the data at 30 percent (dashed white), 5U percent (solid white)
and 70 percent (dashed black) of maximum R. Sample (c) is the sample of (b), with the AFM layer on
the bottom (furthest from the point contact), Sample (d) is similar to (f), except inverted, so that the
AFM layer is on top (closest to the point contact). Sample (e) differs from (b) only in that it has two
equally thick (B-nm) F layers. (Reference 91)
Figure 12b shows magnetoresistance curves for a series of currents I applied to a point
contact with resistance R = 0.92 S. The dark curves show sweeps from positive to
negative field, and the lighter curves show sweeps back down from negative to positive
field. For this contact, I = 30 mA corresponds to j ~ 2 x 108 A/cm?. For dark curves, a
large positive field +B along the pinning direction causes the moments of both the
"free" and "pinned" F layers to point along +B, producing the minimum resistance Re in
this parallel orientation of the two Fs. Reducing the magnitude of B, the "free" F2 layer
reverses at a small-magnitude negative B, giving the maximum resistance Rap in
antiparallel configuration. Finally, a larger magnitude negative B breaks the exchange-
bias pinning of the "pinned" F1 layer, and its moment rotates to along -B, returning the
15
UNCLASSIFIED/ LEOR DELICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 556, "chars": 3762, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
sample to Rp. For lighter curves of back-sweeps (Figure 12b), the measured resistance
follows these changes in reverse order.
Focusing on the dark curves, we see that the switching field of the free layer F1 is
essentially independent of the magnitude of 1 and shows little broadening. In contrast,
the switching field of the pinned layer F2 broadens significantly as the magnitude of I
increases, and the midpoint of the switching also shifts with I, increasing for - I and
decreasing for + I. Similar behaviors are seen also in the lighter curves. Opposite shifts
for + I and - I indicate these shifts cannot be due to Joule heating, which should cause
shifts in the same direction for both directions of I. But Joule heating might contribute
to the broadening of the switching transitions. The shifts of the dark curves are
specified more clearly in Figure 12c, which shows grey-scale plots of the heights of the
curves in Figure 12b, with white representing the antiparallel state of maximum
resistance, and black the parallel state of minimum resistance. Data for three
representative contacts (out of 29) on three different samples show that the behavior
of interest is not limited to a single sample or contact, and that similar results are
generally obtained for straight line fits to 30 percent (white dashed lines), 50 percent
(solid white lines), and 70 percent (solid black lines) of the maximum change in R. The
sample in Figure 12d is a contact with R = 1.6 s to an inverted version of the sample in
Figures 12b and c, so that the "directions" of currents are reversed. The sample in
Figure 12e has equal thickness F1 = F2 = 3-nm layers. All three samples show the
same features-that is, electrons passing through F2 into the AFM layer enhance
pinning, and electrons passing through the AFM layer into F2 reduce it. Similar to the
case of AFM=CoFe, a negative current density ~1012 A/m? injected through the F=CoFe
into an AFM=IrMn/CoFe interface (Reference 95, 96) was found to increase the
exchange bias, while a positive current decreased it.
Wei et al. (Reference 91) proposed the following qualitative explanation for these
asymmetric changes in switching (exchange bias) field with current. Near the switching
field, the metastability of F2's opposite to field orientation is due almost entirely to
exchange interactions with uncompensated moments in the surface layer of the
antiferromagnet. Some of these spins are pinned, thereby inducing an energy barrier
for ferromagnetic layer spin reversal (Reference 88, 89). Electrons flowing from F2 into
AFM induce torques on moments in the AFM matrix, altering its magnetic configuration
(Reference 84). These STT torques tena to favor parallel alignment of moments at the
F2/AFM interface and will therefore tend to increase the exchange bias field. Electrons
flowing in the opposite direction will tend to have the opposite effect. The observed
variations in exchange bias mediated by an electrical current thus can be taken as good
evidence of the STT effect in AFM. However, such transport measurements do not
distinguish between effects of the current on the bulk AFM and those on interfacial AFM
moments, and more elaborate techniques are needed to obtain a detailed
understanding of the phenomenon.
5. Summary and Conclusions
The semiconductor industry has distinguished itself by a long-term trend known as
Moore's law (Reference 97) that foresees an exponential increase in transistor density
on a chip, doubling approximately every 2 years. Continuing at this pace, the transistor
density will reach ~ 10'3 cm 2 by 2035, which at clock speeds of ~10 GHz would result
in ~40 MW/cm? of power dissipated on a chip. Unless the energy dissipation from
16
UNCLASSIFIED//TOR-OFFICIAL UGE AALY

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 548, "chars": 3851, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
transistor switching can be reduced dramatically, the thermal load associated with 40
MW/cm? will exceed that in a rocket nozzle. The failure of thermal management on a
chip might end the continued progress of the semiconductor industry well before 2035.
The International Technology Roadmap for Semiconductors (http://www.itrs.net) has
termed this imminent collapse the "Red Brick Wall," where "Red" indicates no "known
manufacturable solutions" (of reasonable confidence) exist for continued scaling in
some aspect of the semiconductor technology.
The scenario above motivates the search for signal-processing devices that dissipate
very little energy when they switch. The emerging spintronic technology might offer
such devices where information is carried by spin-in contrast to CMOS transistors,
where it is carried by charge-since spin has an inherent advantage over charge when it
comes to energy dissipation. Therefore, if a reliable way can be found to control and
manipulate spins, spintronic devices could offer higher data processing speeds, lower
electricity consumption, and many other advantages over conventional chips, perhaps
including the ability to carry out radically new quantum computations.
A spintronic device calls for efficient methods to generate, conduct, process, and detect
spin-encoded signals. We have reviewed the physics and emerging applications of two
principal spintronic phenomena-giant magnetoresistance and spin-transfer-torque-
that provide means to detect (GMR) and manipulate (STT) the spin signals. GMR has
already spawned major technological change in the information storage industry with
the usage of GMR sensors and read heads and, along with tunneling magnetoresistance
(TMR), is expected to continue to dominate the detection of spin-encoded signals. STT
is a more recent development in spintronics that provides an efficient means of
controlling and manipulating spin distributions on the nanometer length scale and the
picosecond-time scale, thus positioning STT as the method of choice for fast processing
of spin signals in nanodevices.
What is the future of spintronic applications? A number of new spintronic devices based
on GMR and STT have been proposed. These include high-frequency (GHz) oscillators,
sources, and detectors, as well as magnetic field sensors-for example, in nonvolatile
memories such as racetrack and STT magnetic random access memory (STT-MRAM).
However, much fundamental work remains to be done before we see commercial
applications of these devices. For the memory industry, development of these spintronic
applications may lead to a universal memory that would combine cost benefits of
DRAM, speed of SRAM, and nonvolatility of flash RAM. Potentially all logic operations on
a chip could be carried out by manipulating spins in metallic systems instead of
manipulating charges in semiconductor transistors, as in conventional microchips.
Moreover, such operations could be combined on a chip with a universal memory. This
would result in a new scalable and radiation-resistant electronics, computers, and so
forth. The radiation resistance would be of particular interest for aerospace applications
because the radiation in space is known to severely damage conventional electronics by
building up a destructive charge in transistors. Long space trips that would expose
onboard electronics to years of radiation would benefit from the radiation resistance
and reduced power consumption (for example, like a nonvolatile memory that can
retain the stored information even when not powered) of metallic spintronic devices.
More generally, the impact of reduced power consumption in electronic devices is hard
to overestimate, as we rely on such devices in almost every aspect of our everyday
lives.
17
UNCLASSIFIED/ (@R
SIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 187, "chars": 1829, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED / LEOR OFFICIAL USE ONŁY
Finally, metallic spintronics and its applications discussed in this report are all based on
already well-established physical phenomena such as GMR and STT. As the spintronics
field is still in a relative state of infancy, new and more exciting phenomena are likely to
be uncovered in the future.
6. References
(1) Baibich, M. N., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 61, 2472 (1988)..
(2) Binasch, G., et al., Phys. Rev. B 39, 4828 (1989).
(3) Slonczewski, 1. C., J. Magn. Magn. Mater. 159, L1 (1996).
(4) Berger, L., J. Appl. Phys. 81, 4880 (1997).
(5) Tsoi, M., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 80, 4281 (1998).
(6) Myers, E. B., et al., Science 285, 867 (1999).
(7) Sun, J. Z., J. Magn. Magn. Mater. 202, 157 (1999).
(8) Wegrowe, 1.-E., et al., Europhys. Lett. 45, 626 (1999).
(9) Tsoi, M., et al., Nature 406, 46 (2000).
(10) Beach, G. S. D., et al., Phys. Rev, Lett. 97, 057203 (2006).
(11) Beach, G. S. D., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 102, 067201 (2009).
(12) Fert, A., Bruno, P., in Ultrathin Magnetic structures II: An Introduction to the
Electronic, Magnetic and Structural Properties, ed. by J.A.C. Bland and B. Heinrich
(Berlin: Springer, 1994), p.82.
(13) Levy, P.M., in Solid State Physics, ed. by H. Ehrenreich and D. Turnbull, vol. 47
(Boston, London: Acad. Press, 1994), p.367.
(14) Dieny, B., J. Magn. Mag. Mat. 136, 335 (1994).
(15) Gijs, M. A.M., Bauer, G. E. W., Adv. Phys. 46, 285 (1997).
(16) Ansermet, J.-Ph., J. Phys.: Cond. Mat. 10, 6027 (1998).
(17) Bass, J., Pratt, W. P., Jr., J. Magn. Magn. Mat. 200, 274 (1999).
(18) Fert, A., Piraux, L., J. Magn. Magn. Mat. 200, 338 (1999).
(19) Gijs, M. A.M., in Magnetic Multilayers and Giant Magnetoresistance: Fundamentals
and Industrial Applications, ed. by U. Hartmann (Berlin: Springer, 2000), p. 130.
18
UNCLASSIFIED / LEOR DEFICIALUGEONE

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 188, "chars": 2015, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/†OR
BIAL USE ONL
(20) Coehoorn, P., in Magnetic Multilayers and Giant Magnetoresistance: Fundamentals
and Industrial Applications, ed. by U. Hartmann (Berlin: Springer, 2000), p.65.
(21) Barthelemy, A., Fert, A., and Petroff, F., in Handbook of Magnetic Materials, edited
by K. H. J. Buschow (Amsterdam: Elsevier, 1999), p.1.
(22) Tsymbal, E.Y., Pettifor, D.G., in Solid State Physics, ed. by H. Ehrenreich and F.
Spaepen, Vol. 56 (Academic Press, 2001) pp.113-237.
(23) Ashcroft, W., Mermin, D., Solid State Physics (Saunders College Publishing, Forth
Worth, 1976).
(24) Ciureanu, P., in Thin Film Resistance Sensors, ed. by P. Ciureanu, S. Middelhoek
(Institute of Physics Publishing, Bristol, 1992), p. 253.
(25) Electrocrystallization, ed. by R. Weil, R. G. Barradas (The Electrochemical Society,
Pennington, 1981).
(26) Lashmore, D. S., Dariel, M. P., J, Electrochem. Soc. 135, 1218 (1988).
(27) Ohring, M., The Materials Science of Thin Films (Academic, Boston, 1992).
(28) Slaughter, J. M., Pratt, W. P., Jr., and Schroeder, P. A., Rev. Sci. Instrum. 60, 127
(1989).
(29) Parkin, S. S. P., More, N., and Roche, K. P., Phys. Rev. Lett. 64, 2304 (1990).
(30) Parkin, S. S. P., Bhadra, R., and Roche, K. P., Phys. Rev. Lett. 66, 2152 (1991).
(31) Fert, A., Campbell, I. A., J. de Physique 32, C1-46 (1971).
(32) Mott, N. F., Proc. Roy. Soc. London, Ser. A 153, 699 (1936), and 156, 368 (1936),
and Adv. Phys. 13, 325 (1964).
(33) Pratt, W. P., Jr., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 66, 3060 (1991).
(34) Dieny, B., et al. J. Appl. Phys. 69, 4774 (1991).
(35) Piraux, L., et al., Appl. Phys. Lett. 65, 2484 (1994).
(36) Blondel, A., Meier, J. P., Doudin, B., Ansermet, J.-Ph., Appl. Phys. Lett. 65, 3019
(1994).
(37) Tsoi, M., Jansen, A. G. M., Bass, J., J. Appl. Phys. 81, 5530 (1997).
(38) Smith, C., Proc. UK Conf. for Sensors, Test and Measurement Technology,
Birmingham, England, Jan. 22-23, 1997.
(39) Daughton, J. M., et al., IEEE Trans. Magn. 30, 4608 (1994).
19
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 136, "chars": 1730, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
(40) Ji, Y., Chien, C. L., Stiles, M. D., Phys. Rev. Lett. 90, 106601 (2003).
(41) Rippard, W. H., Pufall, M. R., Kaka, S., Russek, S. E., Silva, T. J., Phys. Rev. Lett.
92, 27201 (2004).
(42) Katine, J. A., Albert, F. I., Buhrman, R. A., Myers, E. B., Ralph, D. C., Phys. Rev.
Lett. 84, 3149 (2000).
(43) Grollier, J., et al., Appl. Phys. Lett. 78, 3663 (2001).
(44) Liu, Y., Zhang, Z., Wang, J., Freitas, P. P., Martins, J. L., J. Appl. Phys. 93, 8385
(2003)
(45) Moriya, R., Hamaya, K., Oiwa, A., Munekata, H., Jpn. J. Appl. Phys. Part 2 - Lett.
Express Lett. 43, L825 (2004).
(46) Dieny, B., et al., Phys.Rev. B 43, 1297 (1991).
(47) Waintal, X., Myers, E. B., Brouwer, P. W., Ralph, D. C., Phys. Rev. B 62, 12317-
12327 (2000)
(48) Braganca, P.M., et al., Appl. Phys. Lett. 87, 112507 (2005).
(49) Rippard, W. H., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 95, 067203 (2005).
(50) Kiselev, S. I., et al., Nature 425, 380 (2003).
(51) Krivorotov, I. N., et al., Science 307, 228-231 (2005).
(52) Acremann, Y., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 96, 217202 (2006).
(53) Kilcoyne, A. L. D., et al., J. Synchrotron Radiat. 10, 125 (2003).
(54) Stöhr, J., et al., Science 259, 658 (1993).
(55) Rippard, W. H., Pufall, M. R., Kaka, S., Silva, T. J., Russek, S. E., Phys. Rev. B 70,
100406 (2004).
(56) Khitun, A., Nikonov, D. E., Bao, M., Galatsis, K., Wang, K. L., Nanotechnology 18,
465202 (2007).
(57) Schneider, T., et al., Appl. Phys. Lett. 92, 022505 (2008).
(58) Driskill-Smith, A. A. G., Huai, Y., Future Fab Intl. 23, 28 (2007).
(59) Berger, L., J. Appl. Phys. 49, 2156 (1978).
(60) Berger, L., J. Appl. Phys. 55, 1954 (1984).
(61) Berger, L., Phys. Rev. B 33, 1572 (1986).
20
UNCLASSIFIED//EOR DEFICTAL LISE ANLY

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 127, "chars": 1618, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
(62) Berger, L., J. Appl. Phys. 63, 1663 (1988).
(63) Freitas, P. P., Berger, L., J. Appl. Phys. 57, 1266 (1985).
(64) Hung, C.-Y., Berger, L., J. Appl. Phys. 63, 4276 (1988).
(65) Hung, C.-Y., Berger, L., Shih, C.Y., J. Appl. Phys. 67, 5941 (1990).
(66) Yamanouchi, M., Chiba, D., Matsukura, F., Ohno, H., Nature 428, 539 (2004).
(67) Ravelosona, D., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 95, 117203 (2005).
(68) Tsoi, M., Fontana, R. E., Parkin, S. S. P., Appl. Phys. Lett. 83, 2617 (2003).
(69) Grollier, J., et al., Appl. Phys. Lett. 83, 509 (2003).
(70) Beach, G. S. D., Nistor, C., Knutson, C., Tsoi, M., Erskine, J. L., Nat. Mater. 4, 741
(2005).
(71) Beach, G. S. D., Knutson, C., Tsoi, M., Erskine, J. L., J. Magn. Magn. Mater. 310,
2038 (2007).
(72) Hayashi, M., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 96, 207205 (2006).
(73) Hayashi, M., et al., Nat. Phys. 3, 21 (2007).
(74) Klaui, M., et al., Appl. Phys. Lett. 83, 105 (2003).
(75) Kimura, T., Otani, Y., Yagi, I., Tsukagoshi, K., Aoyagi, Y., J. Appl. Phys. 94, 7226
(2003).
(76) Vernier, N., Allwood, D. A., Atkinson, D., Cooke, M. D., Cowburn, R. P., Europhys.
Lett. 65, 526 (2004).
(77) Laufenberg, M., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 97, 046602 (2006).
(78) Thomas, L., et al., Nature 443, 197 (2006).
(79) Yamaguchi, A., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 92, 077205 (2004).
(80) Yamaguchi, A., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 96, 179904 (2006).
(81) Klaui, M., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 95, 026601 (2005).
(82) Meier, G., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 98, 187202 (2007).
(83) Parkin, S. S. P., Hayashi, M., Thomas, L., Science 320, 190 (2008).
(84) Núñez, A. S., et al., Phys. Rev. B 73, 214426 (2006).
21

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 98, "chars": 1145, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED /*POR OFICIAL OSL ONLY
(85) Xu, Y., Wang, S., Xia, K., Phys. Rev. Lett. 100, 226602 (2008).
(86) Gomonay, H., Loktev, V., Low Temp. Phys. 34, 198 (2008).
(87) Wei, Z., Sharma, A., Bass, J., Tsoi, M., J. Appl. Phys. 105, 07D113 (2009).
(88) Meiklejohn, W. H., Bean, C. P., Phys. Rev. 102, 1413 (1956).
(89) Stöhr, J., Siegmann, H. C., Magnetism: from fundamentals to nanoscale dynamics
(Springer Series in Solid-State Sciences, Vol. 152, Springer, 2006).
(90) Urazhdin, S., Chien, C. L.y Guslienko, K. Y., Novozhilova, L., Phys. Rev. B 73,
054416 (2006).
(91) Wei, Z., et al., Phys. Rev. Lett. 98, 116603 (2007).
(92) Urazhdin, S., Anthony, N., Phys. Rev. Lett. 99, 046602 (2007).
(93) Tang, X.-L., Zhang, H.-W., Su, H., Zhong, Z.-Y., Jing, Y.-L., Appl. Phys. Lett. 91,
122504 (2007).
(94) Dai, N. V., et al., Phys. Rev. B 77, 132406 (2008).
(95) Basset, J., Sharma, A., Wei, Z., Bass, J., Tsoi, M., Proc. SPIE 7036, 703605
(2008).
(96) Wei, Z., Basset, J., Sharma, A., Bass, J., Tsoi, M., J. Appl. Phys. 105, 07D108
(2009).
(97) Moore, G. E., Electronics Magazine (McGraw Hill, New York, 1965).
22
UNCLASSIFIED/+FOR OFFICIAL VEE ON
