{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T05:57:56Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 21, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1411147, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/download-a-zip-file-of-all-37-dird-reports-below/DIRD_02-DIRD_Aerospace_Applications_of_Programmable_Matter.pdf", "source_sha256": "db2c9576806030c55089af2b81faac1a0065be81b35a20e52d02f3991a613302"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 24, "chars": 231, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "clean-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ LEOR DEFICIAL USE ONLY
Defense
Intelligence
Reference
Document
Acquisition Threat Support
14 December 2009
ICOD: 1 December 2009
DIA-08-0911-016
Aerospace Applications of
Programmable Matter
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR-OF/ALUE

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 85, "chars": 718, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//FSR OFFICIAL USE ONLy
Aerospace Applications of Programmable Matter
Prepared by:
((b)(3):10 USC 424
Defense Intelligence Agency
Author:
[(b)(6)
Administrative Note
COPYRIGHT WARNING: Further dissemination of the photographs in this publication is not authorized.
This product is one in a series of advanced technology reports produced in FY 2009
under the Defense Intelligence Agency, (b)(3):10 USC 424
_Advanced Aerospace
Weapon System Applications (AAWSA) Program. Comments or questions pertaining to
his document should be addressed to |(b)(3):10 USC 424;(b)(6
Manager, Defense Intelligence Agency, ATTN: ((b)(3):10 USC 424 Bldg 6000, Washington,
DC 20340-5100.
ii
UNCLASSIFIED/+FOR BFFISIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 102, "chars": 993, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFICIAL UGE ONE*
Contents
Introduction
Four Kinds of Atoms ....
Natural Atoms.
Quantum Dots..
Photonics and Metamaterials
Liquid Crystals
"Impossible" Materials.
Advantages of Dynamic Materials ..
Early Commercialization of Smart Materials ..
Thermal Management of Spacecraft ...
Energy-Scavenging Spacecraft Skins..
Advanced Concepts in Programmable Materials
Scenario for Possible Applications...
Directions for Future Research
Conclusions...
..... 1
....... I
................ 4
........ 5
....
5
8
฿4,1*...
... 9
11
12
13
14
16
Figures
1. Energy Levels of a Metal and a Semiconductor.
2. Quantum Dot..
3. Programmable Materials ...
2
3
3
4. Wellstone Fiber.
5. Assorted views of RavenWindow and RavenLight Filters in the Cold
(Transparent) and Hot (Reflective) State.
6. RavenWindow Smart Window Flim Performance vs. Leading Incumbent Window
7. Peltier Junction Heat Pump .........
Tables
1. Daily Household Energy Consumption (USA, 1993-1997)..
11
ill
UNCLASSIFIED/FOR

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 228, "chars": 1631, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFICTAL USE AlL Y
Aerospace Applications of Programmable Matter
Introduction
For the owners of a $100 million satellite-a TV broadcast satellite, for
example-avoiding bankruptcy often depends on the spacecraft's continued
good health until its scheduled replacement is in orbit. Unfortunately,
numerous failure modes are possible, including blown fuses, failed sensors,
and browned-out solar arrays. The common trait of most such failures is that
they cannot be repaired from the ground. In addition, it is not typically
possible to repurpose a spacecraft or its components for new services that no
one foresaw at the time of manufacture. Either way, a new satellite is required.
However, when sensors, filters, emitters, and photovoltaic solar panels are
made of Programmable Matter smart materials, the solution to a component
failure or new mission requirement might be as simple as a software update.
Other advantages of dynamic materials include advanced energy management
and energy scavenging from a variety of sources. Smart materials can even
create new defensive capabilities, such as chameleon-style camouflage,
deflection of laser beams, and even outright invisibility,
If it becomes possible to change the properties of certain materials on demand,
based on remotely triggered instructions, the benefits for spacecraft-both
crewed and autonomous-will be considerable. This white paper-by no means
an exhaustive reference-is intended to serve as a primer on the principles
behind smart materials and their possible aerospace applications over the next
50 years.
iV
UNCLASSIFIED//EOR OFFICIAL USE-ONL

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 496, "chars": 3268, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//OR t
Four Kinds of Atoms
All matter is made of atoms and derives its properties, in part, from the fact that atoms
are discrete objects yet are so small and so close together that light waves cannot "see"
them individually. By extension, neither can electric and magnetic fields. To a photon,
or to a large electrical current, matter appears to be made up of continuous substances
rather than discrete building blocks. This fact is critically important in understanding the
optical, electrical, and even thermal properties of materials. Equally important are the
discoveries of recent decades, showing at least four different kinds of "atoms" that
meet this same general description.
NATURAL ATOMS
Natural atoms are the 92 elements of the periodic table. Actually there are more, but
the rest have unstable nuclei that will eventually fly apart into smaller atoms and loose
subatomic particles that can damage the materials around them. For engineering
purposes, this makes them unreliable building blocks.
However, 92 building blocks allow for a staggering number of combinations, and all the
materials with which we are familiar-natural ones like coal and diamonds, ancient ones
like bronze and glass, and modern ones like silicon carbide and gallium arsenide-are
merely "Tinkertoy" sculptures of these natural atoms.
QUANTUM DOTS
A quantum dot is a very small grouping of tightly confined electrons whose collective
behavior resembles that of a natural atom. For this reason, quantum dots are
sometimes known as "artificial atoms."
To describe how this trick is accomplished, it is first necessary to talk about electrons
and how they behave. Most materials are either conductors, which permit the free flow
of electrons, or insulators, which resist it. Semiconductors are insulators that are
capable of conducting electrons above a certain threshold energy-a useful trick that
makes integrated circuits and other electronics possible. The most familiar
semiconductor is silicon, which is used to make the vast majority of microchips found in
today's consumer and industrial electronics. Because silicon's native oxide, Sio2, is the
main component of sand and rocks, it is readily available and relatively inexpensive. In
addition, when melted, purified, and hardened into sheets, silicon dioxide serves as one
of our familiar insulators and building materials: glass. Unlike most other
semiconductors, silicon is also nontoxic.
The electrical properties of a semiconductor like silicon are of course fixed by the laws
of physics. Atoms hold electrons in shells that increase in size, capacity, and potential
energy the farther they are from the nucleus. "Valence" electrons are found in full (or
nearly full) shells, where there are few empty spaces through which electrons can
move. These electrons tend to stay at home, so their levels exhibit a large electrical
resistance and do not permit electricity to flow. "Conduction" electrons are found in
shells that are more than half-empty and have lots of open space, enabling electrons to
travel freely through them and move easily from one atom to another. Between these
layers is a "band gap" of forbidden energies. Here, there exist no electrons at all-ever.
1
UNCLASSIFIED/ /EOR DEEL
TALISE ONLY

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 370, "chars": 2421, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICIAL USE UNET
Conduction Band
INCREASING ENERGY
Conduction Band
Band Gap
(cec
Valence Band
Metal
Semiconductor
Figure 1. Energy Levels of a Metal and a Semiconductor, In a metal, many electrons reside in the conduction
band and can be pushed to neighboring atoms with only a tiny addition of thermal or electrical energy. In a
semiconductor, enough energy must first be added to excite the electron out of the valence band, across the band
gap, and into the conduction band. Thus, to conduct electricity, semiconductors require much higher voltages and
temperatures than do metals,
Electrons below the band gap of a semiconductor behave as though they were in an
insulator, while electrons above the band gap behave as though they were in a
conductor. They flow easily and can be used to store or transport energy and
information.
The difference between a metal and an insulator is that the outermost electron shell of
a metal atom is more than half-empty. It has lots of conduction electrons and lots of
room for them to move around. An insulating material, such as sulfur, has an outer
sheil that is almost completely filled. All its electrons are valence electrons—
homebodies that do not like to travel. Semiconductors have outer shells that are
approximately half-filled. With the input of energy, their electrons can jump to a higher
level where they find open space to travel through. Conduction electrons can also be
"donated" by neighboring atoms.
A "quantum dot" is simply a very small structure-usually on the order of 5-20
nanometers-that contains a modest number of conduction electrons, which it confines
in all three dimensions and prevents from leaving the structure. In addition, because
the Heisenberg uncertainty principle requires position uncertainty to increase when
particle momentum is restricted, the trapped electrons are unable to hold a well-defined
position and instead behave as standing waves that resemble the orbitals of, and
exhibit many of the same properties as, a natural ator.
However, there are two major differences between a quantum dot and a natural atom.
First, there are far more than 92 possible configurations-an infinite number, in fact-
for the confined electrons. Thus, with quantum dots it is possible to create designer
atoms with properties that simply do not occur on the periodic table. If we want to, we
2
UNCLASSIFIED/ PFOR SFFICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 238, "chars": 1615, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR AFFICIAL USE ONLY
can exert precise control over their optical, electrical, thermal, and magnetic properties
rather than simply selecting these properties from the limited catalog nature has
provided.
Barrier
Barrier
igure 2. Quantum Dot. A quantum dot confines electrons in a very small volume of space, forcing them
have as standing waves. Their structure thus resembles the electron clouds or "orbitals" of an ator
Second, it is possible to pump electrons in and out of a quantum dot using electric
fields. Thus, instead of a single designer material, it is possible to create a
programmable material whose "atoms" can be changed on demand, allowing a bounded
but infinite variety of material properties that can be summoned or dismissed at will.
Conductor
« Quantum dot particles
Contined
Electrons
- Control wire
Barrier
Transport Layer
Harrier
Figure 3. Programmable Materials, Various structures use electric fields to vary the confinement properties of
quantum dots and can be assembled into bulk materials.
PHOTONICS AND METAMATERIALS
"Sub-wavelength" features are objects implanted on or embedded in a transparent
material that are larger than atoms or molecules but smaller than a wavelength of light.
They can have significant effects on the optical properties of the material, since they
change the way it responds to electric and magnetic fields. However, because they are
too small to be "seen" by the photons interacting with them, they do not directly block
the passage of light. The result is a transparent material whose optical properties
3
UNCLASSIFIED/LEOR DEFICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 500, "chars": 3384, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ FOR Ol
TAL USE VIVET
(permittivity, permeability, index of refraction, and coefficients of reflection,
transmission, and absorption) do not necessarily match those of any natural material.
Photonic crystals exploit this principle by varying the density or refractive index of a
material in a regular, periodic way. Just as light is affected by the spacing of atoms in a
natural crystal, it can be affected by the (much larger) spacing of sub-wavelength
features in a photonic crystal. Thus, photonic crystals can efficiently reflect some
wavelengths of light while absorbing, transmitting, bending, or scattering others. This
can be useful, for example, in telecommunications, where a single optical fiber may
carry thousands of different signals. Because similar effects occur naturally in many
gemstones (opal, for example, photonic crystals can also serve as artificial gems.
Whereas photonic crystals are generally insulators, another class of materials-called
superlattices-is made from semiconductors, metals, and other substances stacked in
very thin layers. Such materials "look" like crystals to the electrons and photons moving
through them but can have properties that do not occur-or occur only weakly-in
nature. Two examples are "magnetoresistive" materials made from alternating layers of
iron and a nonmagnetic material such as chromium. Even in very tiny quantities, such
materials can be used to sense magnetic fields with much greater sensitivity than can
any natural material and are widely used in hard disk drives and digital compasses.
In a "metamaterial," the sub-wavelength features are conductive metals surrounded by
a transparent dielectric material such as glass, air, or empty space. In much the same
way a metal rod interacts with radio waves and can thus serve as an antenna, the
"atoms" of a metamaterial create strong resonances at particular wavelengths that can
have more profound effects on light than can any of the material systems described
above. The best known of these is negative index of refraction, a property that allows
materials to bend light "the wrong way" and thus defy the laws of classical optics.
LIQUID CRYSTALS
Although they were discovered in the late 19th century and have been used in video
displays since the 1960s, liquid crystals can be thought of as an advanced 21st century
technology that somehow fell backward in time. They are essentially a fourth state of
matter, possessing some properties of a liquid and some of a crystalline solid. In
addition, they are "birefringent," meaning they have a different index of rerraction,
depending on the angle or direction of light passing through them. They are capable of
serving as photonic crystals, and under the influence of light, heat, electric and
magnetic fields, and mechanical or chemical alignment layers, they can be rearranged
at a moment's notice so that their optical properties are transformed.
Today, people are accustomed to thinking of liquid crystals as pixels in a video display.
However, their capabilities extend far beyond this. With proper substrate design and
the application of electric fields and other alignment or disalignment mechanisms, liquid
crystals can be used to reversibly block, bend, focus, scatter, reflect, transmit, twist,
polarize, diffuse, and absorb light in limitless combinations.
4
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR
HAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 360, "chars": 2544, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFF
CIAL USE ONLY
"Impossible" Materials
When natural materials are shaped and combined in macroscopic ways, it becomes
possible to produce what Roger Bacon described as "natural magic": devices such as
mirrors, lenses, polarizers, magnets, wires, semiconductors, fluorescent dyes, and
phosphorescent screens that glow in the dark. We take these devices for granted, but
to our primitive ancestors they would have seemed supernatural, as indeed they are in
the sense of not occurring naturally.
However, by combining the same materials in nanostructured ways, we achieve a
higher order of magic: Bragg mirrors that reflect a single wavelength while transmitting
all others, superlenses that defy Newton's diffraction limit to focus with unnatural
sharpness, superstrong magnets that measure the world around them with
unprecedented sensitivity, photoluminescent materials that absorb light in a broad
range of wavelengths and re-emit it in a single brilliant color. Soon we may have high-
temperature superconductors and even materials that are functionally invisible.
One such "impossible" material hypothesized is the nanostructured "metapolarizer."
Where classical polarizers either reflect or absorb half the light that hits them (typically
resulting in energy wastage of 50 percent or higher), a metapolarizer simply ignores
one polarity of light and converts or rotates or "retards" the other. This principle can be
harnessed, for example, to double the battery life of a laptop display or to double the
brightness of a flat-screen TV.
However, even these magical materials are "static"; that is, their properties are fixed at
the time of manufacture. The greatest revolution in materials science may in fact come
from materials capable of changing their properties on demand.
Advantages of Dynamic Materials
Leaving behind the world of static materials, we come to a sort of programmable magic
whose fruits already include switchable mirrors, dynamic optical filters, deformable
lenses, magnets and polarizers that appear and disappear on command. Less
glamorous but equally important are such "behind the scenes" capabilities as tunable
electrical conductivity, tunable bandgap semiconductors, tunable lasers, and tunable
photonic crystals.
However, the ultimate exemplar of designer materials will be multifunctional smart
materials, which are capable not only of switching a particular property on and off but
of changing their properties-indeed, their very purpose-on demand.
5
UNCLASSIFIED//POR OPTYCIAL USE ONLY-

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 337, "chars": 2388, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//POR
-Conductors
P-Layer
N-Layer
-Memory
Power &
Control Signals
Figure 4. Wellstone Fiber, A notional "Wellstone" fiber uses careful arrangements of conductors, semiconductors,
and insulators to produce a long, flexible cylinder whose surface is studded with artificial atoms. When woven
together, these fibers create a bulk material whose properties are programmable via external signals.
In the future, advanced supercomputers may be able to monitor the objects around
us-our desks, our countertops, our walls and windows and chairs-and modify their
properties to suit the needs of the moment. Transparent or opaque? Reflective or
absorptive? Conductive or insulating? Magnetic? Flexible? Luminous?
In theory, a block of true Programmable Matter should be able to select any point on
any of these axes at any time. Other effects may be desired as well, including
magnetoresistivity, photo-/thermo-/piezoelectric effects, superconductivity, and the
ability to perform computations (a truly "smart" smart material).
Unfortunately, many of these traits are strongly correlated, so that, for example, a
material that managed to be both electrically conductive and thermally insulative
probably could not be made transparent as well. A computer is unlikely to double as an
air conditioner. Still, the possible combinations-the number of things we could actually
do-would be much larger than the (already vast) range of natural material
combinations.
Although the smart matter of 2050 will probably be operated electrically, electrical
operation presents a number of challenges today. First, the required nanostructures are
very small and intricate, with manufacturing tolerances that push or exceed the limits
of current technology. Second, the control wires, electrodes, and other conductors in
such devices mean they will likely be vulnerable to electromagnetic interference. Like a
pocket calculator in a microwave oven, programmable materials face a harsh
electromagnetic environment and will need to be shielded and safeguarded against
spurious behavior. In addition, there is the threat of hackers. As our society turns over
the control of more and more infrastructure to computers, we add not only new
strengths but also new vulnerabilities, We must be extremely cautious about handing
malicious hackers the keys to matter itself!
6
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFI
CIAL USE ONET

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 512, "chars": 3584, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ITOR OMICIAL USE ONLY
The greatest challenge, however, is temperature. The resistance of an electrical wire
varies with temperature, and while we scarcely notice the difference with the fat copper
wiring in our houses, the delicate films and nanowires of Programmable Matter smart
materials feel it very strongly. Other critical properties, such as the bandgaps of
semiconductors, the optical spacing of photonic crystals, and the internal symmetries of
liquid crystals, are also temperature sensitive and must be managed carefully to avoid
overwhelming the control signals passing through the material.
Early attempts at programmable quantum dot materials were so temperature sensitive
that researchers found that altering temperature, rather than the electric field, was
actually the easiest way to control the response of the materials. In fact, by selecting
materials with higher temperature sensitivity, we were able to enhance these effects to
produce thermally activated smart materials with no need for electric controls at all.
Of course, materials that respond to temperature are not new. Thermochromic (color-
changing) liquid-crystal thermometers are well known, and in the mid-1990s, Chinese
researchers developed a thermochromic paint that turns a cool-blue shade when warm,
a warm-red shade when cool, and pale green at room temperature. This was done
mainly for thermal regulation-the paint allegedly could increase the temperature of a
building by about 4°C in winter and decrease it by about 8°C in summer-although the
researchers also claimed an aesthetic benefit to having a home's color match the
season. Even more impressive effects could be achieved if black and white (or clear and
silver) were available color choices.
Although thermochromic building materials were very rare until recently, a number of
other mechanisms-including electrochromics, photochromics, and automatic
mechanical blinds-have been used to create "dynamic windows" that actively control
solar heat gain in buildings and display many of the properties (if not the principles) of
a true smart material. Buildings account for 40 percent of all energy consumed in the
United States, including 71 percent of all electricity and 38 percent of all carbon dioxide
emissions. Managing solar heat gain and controlling the building's thermal envelope are
the most effective ways of reducing energy use. The same principles apply, of course,
to spacecraft, for which solar heat is even more intense and nighttime (in the shadow of
the Earth) is colder.
In 2003, the U.S. Department of Energy's Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory
(LBNL), on behalf of the American Society of Heating, Refrigeration, and Air
Conditioning Engineers (ASHRAE), performed a study focused on dynamic window
systems capable of darkening or shading automatically such that the solar heat gain
coefficient (SHGC) varied between 0.26 and 0.40. Analyses were performed for eight
U.S. cities: Boston, Denver, Jacksonville, Kansas City, Phoenix, Sacramento, Seattle,
and Washington, D.C.
The ASHRAE study found that across all eight climate zones, buildings with low-
emissivity ("low-E") glass saved an average of 8-15 percent on their total annual
energy (heating, cooling, and ventilation) costs, whereas the addition of dynamic
window systems saved an additional 6-19 percent. In other words, the savings
associated with a dynamic window are approximately as large as the savings associated
with low-E. Furthermore, because dynamic windows and low-E coatings save energy
7
UNCLASSIFIED//TOR OrTI
TAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 216, "chars": 1508, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
through completely different mechanisms, their effects are complementary and, thus,
their savings can be combined. In addition, while low-E glass reduced peak cooling
loads by 2-14 percent, the dynamic windows provided an additional 5-38 percent
reduction in peak cooling load, allowing significant downsizing of the building's air
conditioning system.
The report concluded that dynamic windows "offer the potential for significantly greater
HVAC savings than can be achieved with currently available high-performance
windows," have "much lower energy costs than static windows," and "provide the best
of all worlds."
Early Commercialization of Smart Materials
In the third quarter of 2009, RavenBrick LLC introduced RavenWindow, an "active-
passive thermoreflective" window film that is transparent when cold and partially
reflective when hot. The dual-purpose smart film is intended to manage and harness
solar heat gain in windows. The film costs much less than do existing smart window
technologies and offers superior energy savings.
Figure 5. Assorted Views of RavenWindow and RavenLight Filters in the Cold (Transparent) and Hot
(Reflective) State,
RavenWindow film is transparent when cold and partially reflective when hot,
allowing an SHGC range between 0.12 and 0.43-more than twice the range
studied by LBNL. Studies performed by RavenBrick using LBNL tools show
energy savings up to three times those of low-E glass alone.
8
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR Di
MALFUSE OWEN

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 243, "chars": 1757, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFIGIAL USE ONLY
Denver Five-Year Cumulative Savings
(holding energy prices constant)
RavenWindow +Low-E
$3,000.00
$2,500.00
$2,000.00
$1,500.00
$1,000.00
$500.00
$-
—— Pilkington K-Glass
Oldcastle Sunglass
— Viracon VRE238
- AFG Comfort TiR
== = - 99% Transmissive Low-
E
0
12
24
36
Months Installed
48
60
-- 99% Reflective Low-E
Figure 6. RavenWindow Smart Window Film Performance vs. Leading Incumbent Window Filters.
Assuming a retail cost of $25 per square foot, for large buildings across multiple climate
zones, the payback period is 5-10 years. Even faster return on investment is possible if
the retail cost can be reduced, which seems likely given the relative simplicity of the
technology. The payback period does not include capital cost reduction on HVAC
systems, reduction in the cost of window coverings, and the tax and building permit
savings associated with Leadership in Energy Efficient Design (LEED) certification.
Thermal Management of Spacecraft
The three laws of thermodynamics, in their simplest form, are (1) you cannot win, (2)
you cannot break even, and (3) you cannot quit the game. Energy is never free, and
nanostructured dynamic materials are of course subject to the same laws as natural
materials. However, while energy can neither be created nor be destroyed, it can be
moved around, changed in form, and also stored. Thus, for thermal management of
spacecraft, dynamic materials have much more to offer than simply regulating solar
heat gain.
One example is active heat transport. A Peltier junction is a solid-state heat pump
made from two dissimilar semiconductors. When a current is passed through the
junction, one face grows hot while the other grows cold.
9
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR-OFI
ICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 365, "chars": 2499, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR O
Hot Face
N-Type-
Current In
Conductor
-P-Type
Current Out
Cold Face
Figure 7. Peltier Junction Heat Pump. Running an electrical current through this device will drive thermal
energy into the upper conductor, which grows hat. The lower conductors lose energy and become cold. The same
principle works in reverse: heating the top conductor (or cooling the bottom one) will create an electrical voltage
Unfortunately, natural materials are relatively poor at this-the best efficiencies
achieved with them so far are around 10 percent. An optimal thermoelectric material
would be simultaneously a strong electrical conductor-perhaps even a
superconductor-and an excellent thermal insulator.
Fortunately, in 2001, scientists at the Research Triangle Institute in North Carolina used
semiconductor superlattices to create a Peltier junction that operated at 2.5 times the
efficiency and 23,000 times the speed of all previous designs. The electrically
semiconductive superlattice materials were unusually good radiators-and unusually
poor conductors-of heat.
For spacecraft hulls fashioned from programmable materials, it should be possible to
create Peltier coolers on any surface in order to pump heat out of one area and divert it
to another. In addition, it may be desirable to manipulate the thermal conductivity of
the spacecraft skin-highly conductive in some areas, highly insulating in others-either
to smooth out temperature differences between the sunward and shadowed sides of the
spacecraft or, in some cases, to accentuate them (for example, so that a radiator,
precision blackbody, or cryogenic instrument on the shadowed side remains as cold as
possible).
Finally, it may be desirable to store heat for later release. This can be accomplished, for
example, by placing an insulating barrier around a hot portion of the spacecraft skin
while also reducing the emissivity of the hot spot so its ability to radiate the heat away
into space is minimized. Later, the hot spot can be reconnected to the rest of the
spacecraft skin through conductive bridges, allowing the heat to escape and spread out.
In addition, thermal management of the spacecraft interior will provide significant
benetits for the overall energy budget. The table below details the energy consumption
of a typical household (a reasonable analog for a crewed spacecraft, with the exception
of energy required for air circulation and other life support functions).
10
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR-OFFY€LAŁ USE ONŁY-

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 405, "chars": 2814, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//LOR OFFIGIAL USI-ONLT
Table 1. Daily Household Energy Consumption (USA, 1993-1997)
Space Heating
Water Heating
Refrigeration
Space Cooling (air conditioner)
Lighting
Clothes Drying
Cooking
Dishwashing
Other Appliances (TV, stereo, computer, etc.)
41 kWh
15 kWh
7 kWh
3 kWh
3 kWh
2 kWh
1 kWh
1 kWh
7 kWh
Over 80 percent of the energy budget is spent heating and cooling things-often at the
same time. It is clearly desirable to recapture the waste heat from cooling operations
and divert it to subsystems, such as the water heater.
Energy-Scavenging Spacecraft Skins
Programmable materials can also be used to harvest, store, and redirect other forms of
energy. Spacecraft are constantly bathed in a very high solar energy flux and
experience sharp temperature gradients, as well as periodic changes in magnetic and
electric field. All of these represent possible energy sources that can be scavenged from
the environment without disrupting other spacecraft operations.
The photoelectric effect occurs when photons strike a material such as a semiconductor
or metal. The energy of the photons is absorbed by the electron shells of atoms, and as
a result, some electrons may shift from the valence band to the higher, looser energies
of the conduction band. This is the source of the voltage in photovoltaic cells and allows
the direct conversion of light energy into electricity. This effect generates electron-hole
pairs (that is, knocks electrons off their parent atoms) in a material such as silicon, and
if the electrons are forced to go in one direction and the holes in the other, then an
electrical voltage is generated.
Today's commercial solar cells are around 13-percent efficient at converting sunlight
into electricity, which makes them economically marginal for use on Earth in any but
the sunniest climates. Even NASA's most sophisticated-and expensive-solar cells are
usually no more than 24-percent efficient, although experimental multilayered designs
have achieved upwards of 40-percent efficiency in the laboratory. (Notably, such
converters once blurred the lines between a designer material and a collection of
nanoscale devices.)
These efficiency numbers reflect a practical limit, not a theoretical one. The available
materials-primarily silicon and other semiconductors-are simply not very
photoelectric, and the junctions we can place in them are not very efficient electron-
hole separators. With natural atoms, the choices are quite limited. However, with
artificial atoms and designer materials of various types, and particularly programmable
materials that can adjust to changing conditions, much higher efficiencies are possible.
Clearly, it is very desirable for the sunward face of a spacecraft to be as photovoltaic as
possible.
11
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFIELAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 477, "chars": 3295, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//Or
HALACE ONL
In addition, sharp temperature discontinuities can be an energy source. A Peltier
junction can be run in reverse so that heating one side of it and cooling the other
produces a voltage. This seems quite straightforward at the sunlight terminator of a
spacecraft-the line dividing the sunward and shadowed faces. Here, although there
exists very little direct solar energy, the temperature gradient can be quite steep,
indicating a potentially quite large amount of harvestable energy that would otherwise
go to waste.
Still another way to harvest energy is through the piezoelectric effect-a voltage
generated when certain materials are under pressure. Because the atmosphere within
the spacecraft exerts a constant outward pressure on the hull, this seems a good
candidate for energy scavenging as well. In addition, for areas of the spacecraft interior
that are expected to receive intermittent pressure (for example, because crew
members bump up against them), this energy can be harvested as well. The total
energy of these interactions may not be very large, but for programmable materials
that would otherwise be sitting idle, energy scavenging is an excellent activity even at
very low efficiency.
Smart materials can also be used to store the energy they generate. A capacitor is
simply a pair of conductors with an insulator between them, which can separate
charges under the influence of a voltage, sending electrons to one side and holes to the
other. This separation of charges, like the separation of chemical ions in a battery,
stores energy. Automotive ultracapacitors have a bright future, and replacing their
"holey carbon" with nanostructured programmable materials may allow storage of even
more concentrated charges,
Superconducting loop batteries are another possible storage mechanism, particularly on
the shadowed side of the spacecraft, where cryogenic temperatures are easily achieved.
Advanced Concepts in Programmable Materials
Programmable materials can assume novel, unnatural configurations, but their primary
advantage is that their properties can be changed on demand. Thus, it becomes
possible, for example, to reconfigure a single spacecraft attitude sensor to operate as a
sun sensor, horizon sensor, or star sensor, as required. The same technology can
convert any black-and-white imaging sensor into a multispectral sensor-at low cost
and with no moving parts. In fact, a single device could be a receiver for optical or
infrared signals, a tunable optical or infrared filter, or a precision light source for
calibrating other sensors. In addition, when not in use, the device can serve as a
photovoltaic cell, converting sunlight into additional electricity.
In fact, the inherent re-programmability of the material properties means devices
incorporating dynamic materials can be adapted to novel purposes that were not
anticipated at the time of manufacture. In the future, dynamic materials may serve in
such applications as polarizers, magnetic and electric field sensors, and color-changing
solar sail controllers for station keeping. This open-ended flexibility has the potential to
dramatically improve the value and performance of spacecraft that lie beyond our
current capabilities.
12
UNCLASSIFIED/AFOR OFF
TAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 537, "chars": 3413, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//FO
MAL USE ONLT
Quantum computing is another possibility. Qbits were first demonstrated in 1995 by the
National Institute of Standards and Technology in Boulder, Colorado, and by the
California Institute of Technology in Pasadena. Because computing power increases
exponentially with the number of qbits (versus linearly with the number of binary bits),
a 64-qbit computer is roughly 18 billion billion times as powerful as a 64-bit binary one.
In a quantum, programmable world, the concept of "operations per second" as a
computing bottleneck may simply vanish.
Opinions vary widely on how smart or intelligent or conscious a machine can ever be,
but as IBM's chess champion Deep Blue demonstrates, even a stupid machine can
appear brilliant if it runs fast enough. This is known in industry as "weak AI," but with
the power of quantum computing behind it, the results could in fact be extremely
Scenario for Possible Applications
Imagine a space station in low-Earth orbit. It is in darkness, its running lights blinking,
but as it clears the terminator and swings around into full sunlight, we can see that its
surface is one big, dead-black solar collector. Its exterior drinks in sunlight, taking
some of it as stored heat and pumping the rest into electrical wires, which shuffle it off
into a bank of capacitors. If we could see through the hull, we could watch the
capacitors swelling-literally growing larger as more energy becomes available and
more of the station's mass is allocated to storing it.
But we cannot see through the hull, there are no windows, and the station would be
completely dark inside if not for dim little nightlights glowing here and there, lighting
the way in case someone visits the galley in search of a nighttime snack. Beneath its
layer of solar collectors, the hull is one big, opaque insulator, keeping the cold, bright
"morning" of outer space at bay.
Then, suddenly, the clock strikes 0600 Houston time, and an arrangement of diffusive
portholes and mirrors gradually fades into existence, waking each of the station's
inhabitants with the gentle morning sunlight. These fenestrations are not stationary;
they crawl across the walls as the station moves in its orbit and changes its orientation
to the sun. Greeted by the soft voice of the station's central computer, our astronauts
awaken.
While the astronauts eat their breakfast in a bright little galley, more portholes appear,
looking down at Earth and at points of interest in the black sky above it. However, the
crew's comfort and privacy are not compromised; through the mirrored glass, ground-
based and space-based telescopes cannot see inside the station, and the amount of
reflectivity is constantly controlled, balancing the needs of daylighting, solar heat gain,
and the aesthetics of a good view. In a pinch, the station can even turn "invisible,"
taking light and heat from one side and emitting a matching signal on the other side.
After breakfast, some of the crew settle into office niches to check their email, voice,
and video messages. Almost any surface in the station can serve as a desk, keyboard,
computer screen, video camera, or drafting table. Others proceed to scientific
experiments and routine maintenance activities throughout the station. Portholes and
skylights follow them around, but now they are looking out mainly from the station's
13
UNCLASSIFIED//POR
TAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 524, "chars": 3372, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ AF€
LAL AGE ONLY.
shady side, avoiding direct sunlight. The station has absorbed and stored all the heat
and electricity it will need to get through the orbital "night" of Earth's shadow and is
becoming stingy about accepting more energy.
Soon, the station has converted almost its entire exterior into a mirror, keeping only a
small
solar collector for maintenance voltage and a few shaded portholes for light and
aesthetics. The central computer idly browses its library and encyclopedia and the
Internet, finding news, entertainment, and educational material it knows the astronauts
will want to see. With the power of quantum computing, it is even able to analyze this
information.
Halfway through its hour-long orbital "day," despite every precaution, the station is in
danger of becoming too hot. Peltier Junctions begin to appear in the hull, their
radiators-colored black and yellow and covered in HOT SURFACE warnings—swelling
on the station's shadowed side. At the same time, a solar storm-predicted days ago-
finally begins to kick up. The hull compensates by generating a strong magnetic field to
deflect the charged particles. This could be troublesome to the people and equipment
inside the station, but the fields are deflected outside by sheets of superconducting
material, cooled by still more Peltier junctions. The shields are up; the station is circling
the Earth in its own little magnetic bubble.
Soon enough, though, the station's orbit carries it back into the planet's shadow.
Sunset is brief and spectacular; the solar heat and solar wind vanish. Now the station is
living on stored charge and stored heat. Windows look down on Earth—a warm object
that radiates brightly in the infrared-but not in the cold vacuum of space. The hull
becomes thermally conductive for a few seconds to ease any temperature imbalances
that have developed and then switches to an insulative, low-emissivity mode to
conserve heat.
Now the astronauts are followed around by electroluminescent task lighting. The station
seems to relax and to take things a little slower until "dawn" breaks again and the cycle
repeats itself.
Hours later, the crew dines in the same galley where they breakfasted. As the sun sets,
the station's interior lights come up dimmer than before. This is the astronauts' cue to
begin getting ready for bed, so after a bit of conversation, they shuffle off to their
respective cabins. At 2130 Houston time, the lights and portholes slide into an even
dimmer setting, and the crew drifts off to sleep.
Directions for Future Research
Although the aerospace industry has traditionally been a source of spinoff technologies
that are later adopted by consumers, in recent years the reverse trend has been
equally prevalent. For example, although GPS technology was developed by and for the
military, and integrated circuits were developed for the Apollo lunar missions, today the
military often employs low-cost civilian GPS receivers, and Space Shuttle astronauts
use laptop computers made for home and office use. This makes economic sense, as
mass production for large consumer markets offers not only economies of scale but also
vast potential for user feedback, design iteration, and direct measurement of the
popularity (and, indirectly, the usefulness) of different designs. Thus, consumer
14
UNCLASSIFIED//EOR DEFICIAL USE DALK

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 486, "chars": 3600, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/H@f
HALUSE BILY.
products may be both cheaper than, and of superior quality to, those produced by the
aerospace industry.
Assuming this trend holds true across the next four decades and applies even to exotic
technologies such as programmable materials, it is logical to suppose that consumer
applications such as smart windows and multispectral night-vision sensors are more
likely to spin off to the aerospace industry than the reverse. Therefore, advancement of
smart materials technology for aerospace applications will likely depend on research
and development for consumer applications. In addition, the "low-hanging fruit"
applications, with the largest markets and thus the highest profit potential, will have
the greatest accelerant effect on the technology.
Therefore, near-term applications such as smart windows and energy-saving
metapolarizers, which offer direct and immediate economic advantages (namely energy
savings) and which dovetail neatly with existing infrastructure, should be considered
the most promising for research over the next 5 years.
Over the longer term, a number of problems must be overcome for fully programmable
material devices to be constructed. In the case of metamaterials, the primary challenge
is fabrication. Numerous nanopatterning techniques have been developed for producing
regular patterns on a surface, including grids, gratings, and patterns of dots or holes.
However, the resonant properties of metamaterials typically require more complex
structures that are not easily mass produced on the scales necessary for optical
wavelengths-typically 100 nanometers or less, and often as little as 10 nanometers.
Promising candidate technologies include nanoindentation lithography, extreme
ultraviolet photolithography, and photolithography using metamaterials-based
"superlenses." Liquid crystal technology is more mature, but to survive in the harsh
environment of outer space, it may need to evolve higher resistance to ultraviolet and
other forms of ionizing radiation.
Perhaps the most promising long-term technology is the addressable quantum dot
array. However, for broadly programmable applications-particularly in aerospace-the
issue of temperature sensitivity must be brought under control. This may involve direct
temperature control of the active surfaces or development of high-bandgap material
systems for which the coefficient of thermal expansion and bandgap versus
temperature slope are both small. In addition, shielding the metallic nanostructures
against interference from stray electric or magnetic fields will be very important and
may rely on as-yet-undeveloped techniques or materials (for example, high-
temperature superconductors)
However, the vast potential of programmable materials and devices, as well as the
clear advantages they hold in certain earthly and aerospace applications where
traditional material limitations clearly constrain functionality, should not be
underestimated. Building and vehicle skins, sensors, and windows are three areas that
particularly lend themselves to enhancement with multifunctional materials, and the
commercial advantages of developing these will be considerable. As with transistors,
LEDS, LCDs, integrated circuits and other late 20th century technologies, the economic
imperatives are likely to overcome many significant technological barriers, and by 2050
it seems likely that our grandchildren will have difficulty imagining a world where these
objects are made from traditional, inert materials. Their relationship to material objects
15
UNCLASSIFIED//F
TALUSE ONLY

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 304, "chars": 2222, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/AFO
LAL USE ONLY
may be analogous to our present-day relationships with electronic graphs, data files,
and web pages and documents. We think nothing of "tweaking" these over and over
again in a way that we could not if they were simply printed on paper; indeed, we
expect such files to be "living documents" that change as frequently as the world
around them changes. Most of us would have a difficult time adapting to the technology
of even 30 years ago.
Finally, with any emerging technology, the number and scope of "unknown unknowns"
may be considerable. Some things that appear easy now may in fact turn out to be
extremely difficult. Conversely, many seemingly daunting problems turn out to have
remarkably simple solutions. Indeed, the problems faced by-and solved by! -advanced
programmable materials in 2050 may be impossible to forecast today with any accuracy
or confidence. Rather, we must roll up our sleeves and begin experimenting.
Conclusions
Many elements of the preceding scenario are based on current and emerging
technologies; others are speculative. However, if even a fraction of these possibilities
were to become reality in crewed and crewless spacecraft, the gains in energy
efficiency, mass reduction, safety, comfort, and mission flexibility could be extremely
significant and well worth pursuing. All that is needed is a commitment to develop the
underlying technologies.
1. sen. wiktionary org»: "atom"
2. McCarthy, Wil: Hacking Matter, Basic Books, March 2003
3. "Global Green Building Trends," McGraw-Hill Construction, 2008
4. Graham-Rowe, Duncan: Cool colours, man, New Scientist, 21 April 2001
5. Joshua Apte, Dariush Arasteh, and Yu Joe Huang: ASHRAE report KC-03-12-3, "Future Advanced Windows or
Zero-Energy Homes," ASHRAE Transactions, Volume 109, Part 22003
6. Internal research & modeling at RavenBrick LLC, 2006-2009
7. Innovative Specialty Films corporate website, January 2003,
<http://web.archive.org/web/20021121182945/http://www.isfilms.com/s
8. "At a Crossroad," Window Film, Volume 12, Issue 4 - July/August 2008
9. <http://www.articlesbase.com/environment-articles/the-most-efficient-solar-cell-in-the-world-853223.html>
16
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
