{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T07:08:04Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 46, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 2988798, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/download-a-zip-file-of-all-37-dird-reports-below/DIRD_20-DIRD_Biosensors_and_BioMEMS-A_Survey_of_the_Present_Field.pdf", "source_sha256": "db74b4b727af0afeaf566d936828563b434043f0c031b3087c051a1b0883a7b0"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 29, "chars": 246, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFICIAL USE SHEY-
Defense
Intelligence
Reference
Document
Acquisition Threat Support
31 March 2010
ICOD: 1 December 2009
DIA-08-1003-020
Biosensors and BioMEMS: A
Survey of the Present Field
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFICIAL VEE ONLY

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 90, "chars": 738, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ AFOR OFFICE GE ONLY
Biosensors and BioMEMS: A Survey of the Present Field
Prepared by:
[b)(3):10 USC 424
Defense Intelligence Agency
Author:
(b)(б)
Administrative Note
COPYRIGHT WARNING: Further dissemination of the photographs in this publication is not authorized.
This product is one in a series of advanced technology reports produced in FY 2009
under the Defense Intelligence Agency, (b)(3):10 USC 424
T Advanced Aerospace
Weapon System Applications (AAWSA) Program. Comments or questions pertaining to
this document should be addressed to (b)(3):10 USC 424;(b)(б)
], AAWSA Program
Manager, Defense Intelligence Agency, ATTN: (b)(3):10 USC 424 Bldg 6000, Washington,
DC 20340-5100.
ii
UNCLASSIFIED/ FOR OFFLAL USE ONET

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 85, "chars": 901, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR O
IAL USE ONLY
Contents
Introduction
What is BioMEMS?...
Characteristics of BioMEMS
Categories of BioMEMS
BiOMEMS Micromachines
Brain-Implanted BioMEMS Micromachine Neuroelectrodes ..
Fluidic BioMEMS
Drug-Delivery Pumps
What is a Biosensor?
BiOMEMS Implantable Sensors..
MEMS Blood Glucose Sensors
Commercial Blood Glucose Sensors..
Enzyme-Based Biosensors..
Thermopile Implantable Glucose Sensors ..
Neuroengineering by BioMEMS
Bioelectric Events..
Bionics and Neurointerfaces.
Bioelectrodes and BioMEMS
Microelectrode Array Fabrication ..
Brain-Machine Interfaces......
Polymer BioMEMS Electrodes
Retinal Devices Using BioMEMS.
Microscale in Therapeutic Neurostimulation
MEMS in Microfluidics.
Lab Chips
......Vi
..........
1
2
3
JA LOZE
3
4
6
7
BELL
9
..10
.... 13
........... 14
... 14
... 15
=. 20
... 20
.... 22
...... 22
24
... 25
. 26
27
.. 30
32
.. 33
ill
UNCLASSIFIED//del

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 303, "chars": 2641, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/AFOR
NASA Space Applications for Microfluidic Systems
Microcantilever MEMs Sensors
Conclusion...
SIRL HE ONLY
. 34
.. 36
. 39
Figures
Figure 1. Varieties of BioMEMS and Sensors
2
Figure 2. Functional MEMS Micromachines Attached to Sensing Bioelectrodes.......
5
Figure 3. Schematic Diagram of a MEMS Motor Complete With a Method of
Converting Oscillatory Motion to Linear Motion..........................
Figure 4. Illustration of the Basic Physical Principle of the BioMEMS Motor
Figure 5. Close-up Views of the Micro-Motor Gear...
Figure 6. An Insulin MEMS Pump.....
.....
Figure 7. An ISFET (Ion Sensitive Field Effect Transistor) Needle-Type pH Sensor
for Monitoring Tissue Physiologic Status...
11
Figure 8. A Fiber Optical Oxygen Sensor ..
12
Figure 9. Control of an Insulin-Delivery System by an Implantable Glucose
Sensor.........
13
Figure 10. Glucose Oxidase ..
14
Figure 11. An Experimental MEMS Blood Glucose Sensor ....
15
Figure 12. Photomicrograph..........
16
Figure 13. A MEMS Thermopile Glucose Sensor..
17
Figure 14. Illustration of the Thermocouple Principle ...
18
Figure 15. Thermopile Glucose Sensor (left) With Functional Illustration (right)
are Made Using Photolithographic Techniques..
• 19
Figure 16. Photograph and Illustration of the Thermopile Glucose Sensor in a
Catheter ...
.. 19
Figure 17. A MEMS Biopotential Electrode System...
... 20
Figure 18. A Neural Cell Showing Dendritic Inter-Connections That are Electrically
Active With Other Cells.....
*... 21
Figure 19. A Neuroprosthetic Interface..
... 22
Figure 20. Scanning Electron Micrograph of a Brain Electrode Array Manufactured
From Titanium and Produced by a Process of Electrodischarge
Machining..
23
Figure 21. Scanning Electron Micrograph of a 1141 Electrode Array Made to Be
Inserted Into the Surface of the Human Brain..
25
Figure 22. Polymer Based Cortical Penetrating Neuroelectrodes Made by Processes
of Thin Film Deposition and RF Etching ..
..... 26
Figure 23. A MEMS Microelectrode Array Implanted Into the Cortex of a Rat Brain
, 27
Figure 24. A Representation of the Retinal Prosthesis ..
28
Figure 25. A BioMEMS Fabricated 4x4 Microelectrode Retinal Array.
• 28
Figure 26. An Illustration of the Retinal Neuroprosthesis Created by the Boston
Implant Project ....
29
Figure 27. Power Transfer by Magnetic Induction to an Implanted BioMEMS Retinal
Figure 28. A New Generation of Implantable Neurostimulation Devices Can Pass
Through the Lumen of a Syringe Needle....
Figure 29. Illustration of the Internal Construction of the Ultrasound Powered
Neurostimulator Developed at ASU ..
... 31
32
iv
UNCLASSIFIED/ (FOR
USE ONET

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 101, "chars": 826, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//54
Figure 30. Microfluidics in Glass..
Figure 31. Commercial Lab-Chip Devices That Allow Analysis for Biomarkers of
Various Diseases Using On-Chip Electrophoresis in Microscale. .
Figure 32. Design of an Automated Cell Culture System for NASA Space
Applications Incorporating Microfluidics and Integrated Optical
Components...
Figure 33. NASA Space Application of Microfluidic Cell Culture System Made by
Micromachining...
Figure 34. Principle of a Microcantilever That Bends When It is Loaded With an
Adherent Mass ......
37
Figure 35. Scanning Electron Micrograph Showing a Cantilever Beam With a Single
Vaccinia Virus Particle….
38
Figure 36. Antibodies Attached to a Cantilever Array Create Different Specificities
to Substances in Blood That are Indicative of Cancer
38
V
UNCLASSIFIED/FOR OPTICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 159, "chars": 1057, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ OR OFFIELAL USE ONLY
Biosensors and BioMEMS: A Survey of the Present Field
Introduction
Biomedical sensors and implantable devices employing micro-
electromechanical technology will be important to the future of biomedicine.
Once just science fiction, the notion of a bionic man is now becoming a reality
through the application of microscale technologies. Today it is not unusual to
have a friend or family member who has an implantable device, such as a
pacemaker, defibrillator, cochlear implant, biosensor, neurostimulator, or
insulin pump.
We have only seen the beginning of this technology development, and today's
state-of-the-art implantable devices will be seen as crude and cumbersome
tomorrow. With the rapid pace of development, it is probable that within the
next two decades we will have as many medical treatments based on
microdevices as there are pharmaceutical solutions today. This paper
examines some of the most recent advances in the field, as well as the
technologies that are likely to appear in the next few years.
vi

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 364, "chars": 2620, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ H
What is BioMEMS?
BioMEMS stands for biomedical micro-electro-mechanical systems. It is a name applied
to biological and medical devices that are created using advanced fabrication processes
that allow the devices to be very small relative to comparable devices produced by
traditional techniques. BioMEMS devices can also exploit the microscale to provide new
functions that are not practical or possible in large-scale devices.
The name applies to an exceptionally wide variety of engineered devices that derive
from electrical, mechanical, chemical, and molecular engineering. The name
distinguishes these from nanoMEMS which are submicron in scale such as carbon
nanotube structures.
Recently BioMEMS has become something of a misnomer as many of the latest
technologies are being designed and developed based on nanoscale technologies which
are many times smaller than microscale technologies. While current devices are
manufactured mostly on the microscale, many of the functioning parts and the
materials they operate on are at the nanoscale level.
NanoMEMS for biomedical applications are mostly carbon-based materials that have
emerged as prime materials because of their favorable mechanical and electrical
properties. Carbon-based nanostructures such as graphene exhibit a high Young's
modulus (stiffness), high strength, low density, low friction and large surface area. The
low friction of a carbon nanotube allows production of practically frictionless bearings
and has thus been a huge motivation towards applications such as nanomotors. Carbon
nanostructures are much stronger than steel, which allows carbon-based materials to
meet high-stress demands in biomedical applications such as weight-bearing
prosthetics (like hip-joint or bone replacements), where other materials would fail.
The field of BioMEMS encompasses micro devices that are often but not exclusively
made by the same photolithographic techniques used to make computer chips. Their
applications include neuroprosthetics, sensors and actuators, and microchemistry
systems. A microchemistry system, often called a lab on a chip, can analyze chemical
properties of a very small quantity of material such as a tiny blood sample. Advanced
systems can perform several tests on the sample at one time.
There are also drug-delivery systems, miniature hearing aids, artificial retinas, DINA
analysis systems, cancer diagnostics, and an amazing variety of devices which support
the function of the human body. Figure 1 shows some devices that were developed by
the faculty of Biomedical Engineering at Arizona State University.
1

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 249, "chars": 1639, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ AF
Varieties of BioMEMs and Sensors
A5U
SEN
m
Figure 1. Varieties of BioMEMS and Sensors. These BioMEMS devices were made at Arizona State University
(ASU). They represent many of the areas of BioMEMS research.
CHARACTERISTICS OF BIOMEMS
Conceiving and designing BioMEMS devices requires a different perspective of the
physical world. These devices can operate on principles such as capillary force, van der
Waals forces, and electric-field forces. These forces become relatively strong when the
size scale reaches very small dimensions. In the realm of the very small, the force of
gravity is far less important than electrical charge and viscosity.
From the perspective of microscale devices, engineers need to think about
accomplishing tasks on an extremely subtle scale but with an exceptionally effective
result. BioMEMS employs engineering sciences in ways that are more than just scaling
down familiar devices used in biomedical applications. Rather, employment of new
structures and new materials including polymers and biological components is
necessary. In addition we need to be concerned about things like biocompatibility (the
effect of the device on body tissue) as well as the degradation effects of tissues and
body fluids on the device itself.
Development of a new product that is targeted for implantation into the human body is
particularly expensive due to tederal regulation of medical devices. Devices must be
shown to be effective for their intended use, and above all devices must be proved safe.
Bringing a new device to market is not unlike the development of a new drug. In order
2
UNCLASSIFIED/FO

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 316, "chars": 2170, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ (FOR OFFIGIAL USE ONLY
to gain federal approval there may be biocompatibility issues to resolve, clinical trials to
perform, and Food and Drug Administration (FDA) requirements to satisfy.
CATEGORIES OF BIOMEMS
We divide the BioMEMS field into several subcategories. Some devices are targeted to
be implanted into the human body or are applied to the body. Many of these are being
developed as alternatives to drugs which therapeutically treat illness or disease. There
is also activity in using microscale stimulation devices to treat neurological disorders
such as epilepsy and Parkinson's disease and to treat neurological injuries such as
stroke or trauma to the spinal cord.
Another promising field of research is directed towards integration of the human brain
vith microelectrical components. For example implants are being developed which allov
volitional (thought) control of machines. Most of this effort is targeted toward:
rehabilitation of individuals who are quadriplegics in order to allow them some control
over their environment.
Then there are devices being developed for clinical applications such as rapid blood
analysis, and there are those targeted for benchtop biological research. In this review,
the focus is on specific microscale and MEMS-based devices that are used in medicine
and biology.
These include:
• Micromachines that interface to brain electrodes.
• Blood glucose sensors.
• Microfluidics.
• Neural Interfaces.
• Neurostimulators.
• Microbeam sensors.
Several of these technologies have been the subject of research by the present author
and by colleagues at Arizona State University.
BioMEMS Micromachines
Micromachines made by photolithography are among the most complex and
sophisticated of all MEMS devices. They have seen some application in various forms of
biomedical devices where motion must be achieved with an implantable device. Motion
within the human body by a device is difficult since it implies sliding surfaces, a need
for electrical power, and long term reliability and stability. Biomedical implants are
usually introduced by surgery and so once implanted cannot be easily removed for
servicing.
3

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 537, "chars": 3506, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//F
Only a few BioMEMS applications are well known for implanted devices and these are
used for positioning and repositioning of sensors. A specific example is application to
brain-electrode systems.
BRAIN-IMPLANTED BIOMEMS MICROMACHINE NEUROELECTRODES
There are applications in biomedicine and research where very small electrodes are
implanted into the brain. These microelectrodes are used in the cortex (surface layer)
to detect electrical activity associated with the volitional desire to move some part of
the body. Electrical activity is recorded as a very small change in voltage within the
tissue.
Near the top of the human head and about 2cm beneath the scalp lie the parts of the
brain where nerve cells (neurons) are found which control the muscles of the body.
Specific locations in the cortex are associated with specific parts of the body. When a
person moves a limb, there can be detected a corresponding electrical activity of these
neurons. Neuroscientists have recorded these signals and developed a kind of map of
the brain that defines what brain cells actuate certain muscles of the body.
An interesting phenomenon occurs in which some of these brain cells become active
even when there is intent to move a limb but no actual movement occurs. In a healthy
person the intent to move can be detected by measurement of microvolt signals from
the brain cells about 120 milliseconds before any muscle movement occurs. In a person
who has lost a limb or has become paralyzed, the intent to move can still be detected in
the brain even though there is no limb movement.
Thus in principle there is an ability to electrically record from the brain and determine a
person's intent to move. Monitoring of the brain is accomplished by using an array of
implanted microelectrodes whose signals anticipate movement of specific limbs. These
signals can in turn be used to control machines. This is the idea behind advanced
devices that allow quadriplegics to interact with their environment. Signals from
implanted electrodes are used by computers to control robotic actuators.
A problem recording the signals occurs because the body naturally tends to encapsulate
the electrodes with scar tissue, meaning the electrodes lose electrical contact with the
neurons. A solution to this problem incorporates a very small electromechanical
actuator attached to the electrode. This device allows the implanted electrodes to
change their position occasionally in order to continue to monitor neural events. By
moving the thin rod-like electrode up or down a small distance after several months of
implantation, the useful lifetime of the electrode array can be greatly extended.
The BioMEMS device described here is meant to be implanted under the skull and on
top of the brain cortex. It allows fine adjustment of less than a millimeter in order to
make sure the electrode system, once implanted, is able to contact the desired brain
cells even after the electrode has been encapsulated by scar tissue over time.
Figure 2 shows a photomicrograph of a gear-driven micromachine that was made
through collaboration between ASU and Sandia National Laboratories. The device is
driven by an electrostatic vibrating comb motor. Under a microscope it can be seen that
the combs move in an oscillatory fashion at about 40 Hz when energized. Electrostatic
forces between two blade-like combs a few tens of microns apart are operative with
about 15 volts as the electric field source.
4
UNCLASSIFIED/ MOl

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 177, "chars": 1256, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//F
The Neural Probe chip enables precise bi-directional positioning of the microelectrodes
in the brain with a step resolution in the order of 8.8 um. The thermal microactuators
allow for a movement of the microelectrodes of up to 5 mm in either direction making it
suitable for positioning microelectrodes in deep structures of a rodent brain.
The rest of the mechanism converts an oscillatory motion to a linear motion through a
ratchet-type configuration. Figure 3 illustrates the basic unit where there are two comb-
like arrays on either side. These generate the actual force. They are connected to a
cross piece that converts oscillatory motion in concert with a spring to a pulsatile linear
motion of the vertical shaft. This connects to some gears which do a mechanical
transformation.
Figure 2. Functional MEMS Micromachines Attached
to Sensing Bioelectrodes. The gears have features as
small as 50 microns, less than the size of a period on a
printed page. (Courtesy of Dr. J. Muthuswamy,
Bioengineering Department, ASU)
Figure 3. Schematic Diagram of a MEMS Motor
Complete With a Method of Converting
Oscillatory Motion to Linear Motion. (Courtesy of
Dr. 1. Muthuswamy, Bioengineering Department, ASU)
5
UNCLASSIFIED//Fe
AL USE ON%

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 327, "chars": 2154, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//EQR OF
HELAL USE ONLY
Figure 4 illustrates the basic physics where the force is generated. A voltage V, is
appled to the horizontal sliding shart. There arises an electrical field (shown as the
curved arrow) that tends to pull the shaft into the cavity between the two outer combs.
This is the basic motive force of the device. The force generated by each comb is very
small so there are constructed many similar structures that form a comb-array. All of
the forces act in parallel.
(1)
1474199
(2)
-V
(3)
Figure 4. Illustration of the Basic Physical Principle of the BioMEMS Motor (Muthuswamy et al.)
The device is fabricated by using Sandia's Ultraplanar Multi-level MEMS Technology
(SUMMITV) process, a 5-layer polysilicon micromachining technology. The layers are
chemically sensitive to different processes and can be selectively removed by etching
with different reagents.
For example silicon can be removed
using an etchant which preferentially
removes silicon only along certain
crystalline planes. Other layers can be
undermined through the use of acids.
The components of the micromachine
are patterned on the silicon using
photoresist masks. A mask is a covering
which prevents parts of the silicon from
being etched away. Figure 5 gives an
idea of the sophistication of this MEMS
fabrication technique.
B
The end result is that the long rod at
the right of the picture in Figure 3
moves up and down with a speed of
about 1-2 mm per second. The speed
can be adjusted through the number of
teeth designed on the reduction gears.
6381 F
г0KU
Immede aer
Figure 5. Close-Up Views of the Micro-Motor Gears
(Sandia National Labs)
Single unit recordings were obtained from the somatosensory cortex of adult rats over
a period of three days demonstrating the feasibility of this technology. This device has
been implanted in rats and its development supported by the neuroprostheses program
of the US National Institutes of Health.
Fluidic BioMEMS
The application of microscale fabrication techniques has allowed the manipulation of
very small volumes of fluids on the nanoliter and even picoliter scales. This allows
6
UNCLASSIFIED//FO

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 291, "chars": 2055, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFIGIAL UGE ONLY
chemical processes such as separations, reactions, and analysis to be conducted with
very small amounts of sample.
According to a forecast by the Nexus Task Force, the market for BioMEMS is expected
to reach $18 Billion in 2005. The commercial success of these devices and the technical
potential of other BioMEMS has driven research in a number of areas. As a result, over
the past few years, fluidic BioMEMS devices have become the largest and most diverse
applications of MEMS devices.
Fluidic BioMEMS now include:
• Drug-delivering neuroprobes.
• Biosensors (general).
• Bioreactors.
• Cell-handling devices.
• Drug-delivery devices.
• Micro-chromatography systems.
• Microfluidics.
• Molecular detection/handling.
• Neural interface devices.
• Optical/retinal sensing.
• Surgical devices.
• Tissue-handling devices.
There are obviously application overlaps within these devices and some are integrated
with others to create system-level or multi-sensing devices. Applications run the gamut
of the imagination including identification of bacterial or viral agents, drug testing,
home testing, environmental safety and security, and drug-delivery technologies.
DRUG-DELIVERY PUMPS
Drug delivery to the human body for medical therapeutic purposes has long been by
swallowing substances or by injection. However this approach creates rapid rises and
falls in drug concentration in the blood stream because the dose is typically introduced
all at one time. The blood titer of a drug may thus peak at undesirably high levels in an
effort to sustain the drug action over a longer period of time.
Treatment of many medical conditions, such as cancer by chemotherapeutic drugs
would best be accomplished by a steady and long sustained infusion of the drug into
the blood. This would keep the tumor-fighting drug at some optimal concentration and
so make it maximally effective. High levels of chemotherapeutic drug levels in the blood
are toxic and levels that are below some threshold are ineffective.
7
UNCLASSIFIED/AFOr

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 362, "chars": 2489, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED /156
CAMEON
Methods of creating a more sustained blood concentration of a given drug are desirable
to increase drug effectiveness. Similarly there are other medical applications for
controlled-release drug-delivery systems, such as that for insulin, where it is desirable
to maintain a more sustained dose over a period of hours.
There has been the application of MEMS technologies in the creation of better ways to
deliver drugs to the human body by way of small implantable reservoirs that can slowly
release their drug over a prolonged period of time. Figure 6 shows a MEMS-based
insulin-delivery pump for the treatment of diabetes. This is perhaps one of the largest
applications of BioMEMS in medicine.
Subcutaneous drug delivery
Debiotech piezcelectric
insulin pump
Switzeriand
ete/wiwi.soborec.comcobiotcor.com
• MEMS technology using Si and glass
biocompatibility
• Precise control of nt volumes
• Prevent under/overdosing and detect occlusions, other problems
• Small size: 1/4th the size of existing monitors
• Proprietary hermetic packaging
• In the U.S. alone, 60 million people are affected by diabetes
• 15% of worldwide health spending goes toward treating diabetes.
• 450,000 people now wear transportable insulin pumps worldwide.
sources Debiotech website. Adyanced Packaging
Figure 6. An Insulin MEMS Pump. An implantable drug-delivery device.
Diabetes is a disorder in which glucose (blood sugar) is not properly taken into the cells
of the body. This process is normally mediated by the hormone insulin, which is
produced by the islet cells of the pancreas. Insulin circulates in the blood to actuate a
receptor on tissue cells that causes them to uptake glucose from the blood stream. If
there is too little insulin (as in Type 1 diabetes) the cells will not uptake glucose from
the blood, the cells will starve, and blood sugar levels become too high from
unabsorbed glucose. Alternatively, cells may not respond properly to normal insulin
levels (as in Type 2 diabetes) and require artificially higher levels of insulin to uptake
glucose. This is called insulin resistance. In either case, blood insulin levels can be
increased by using insulin injection devices.
Brittle diabetes is a condition where blood glucose levels fluctuate wildly with eating or
fasting causing hyperglycemia (too high a blood glucose more than about 100 mg
percent) or too low (hypoglycemia-less than about 60 mg percent). Brittle diabetics
8
UNCLASSIFIED/ FFOT
CIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 453, "chars": 3169, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//÷e
HAL USE ONLY
have a significant problem in controlling their blood sugar and sometimes insulin doses
are not adjusted finely enough or frequently enough to maintain the blood glucose at
healthy levels. This form of diabetes is responsible for fainting (ketoacidosis) and other
serious symptoms such as poor blood circulation to the limbs. Poor circulation can
result in diabetic ulcers and may sometimes necessitate amputation of the limb.
Insulin pumps are often worn by brittle diabetics because a slow infusion of insulin
works better in stabilizing blood glucose levels rather than periodic injections. A belt-
worn insulin-delivery system looks something like an old-style audio player. These
systems are typically controlled by a small screw-type pump powered by batteries. The
reservoir carries several milliliters of insulin for dispensing over an extended period of
time. The injection needle is connected (underneath the clothes) to a catheter and then
to the pump. The systems are reasonably effective but are cumbersome and require the
needle to continuously reside subcutaneously in the abdomen,
A MEMS implanted insulin pump is a less cumbersome and perhaps more convenient
means of slowly infusing insulin at a programmed rate. The implanted device is refilled
periodically by introducing a needle through the skin and tissue to a septum in the
device.
The MEMS insulin pump shown in Figure 6 is surgically placed under the skin. It has a
rubber septum on the top for filling with insulin. This implementation has a piezoelectric
element that moves in response to electrical charge. When actuated by a timer the
element oscillates, creating a pressure inside the device that dispenses insulin. The
device is programmable for dispensing at various rates.
Although the implantable MEMS pump was developed for diabetes, the pump has
application to the slow measured delivery of many other drugs including 5-fluoruracil
used for cancer therapy and theophyline for treatment of asthma.
What is a Biosensor?
A primary application of BioMEMS is in the creation of sensors for blood chemistry and
other biophysical parameters of the human body.
We can define a Biosensor as:
• A sensor whose application is primarily in the measurement of quantities within a
biological system, such as chemical, electrical, and physical parameters.
• A sensor incorporating a biological component (enzymes, living cells, antibodies)
typically used to measure chemical concentration. This definition does not require
that the sensor be deployed within a biological system.
The two definitions which are somewhat different have their origin with different
influential investigators who wrote textbooks in the early days of this field. The latter
definition is prevalent in Europe.
A biosensor is normally constructed by immobilizing a biologically active material (such
as an enzyme) onto an electrical sensor that measures a fundamental physical quantity
like electrical current, voltage, mechanical strain, temperature, or frequency. The
specific sensor material is chosen because it reacts to a desired measurand (such as
g
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFICIAL UST ONLY

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 346, "chars": 2295, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//FO
SLAL USE ONLY
concentration of glucose) and thus causes a change in one of these fundamental
quantities. Electrical sensors can be inherently small and so we have a combination
device with biology and electrical sensing in a small and compact form.
When compared to much larger bench top machines, microscale configurations of
sensors usually have a superior performance because they are less prone to various
interferences such as power-line noise and they have much shorter diffusion distances
for sensed molecules. Some physical quantities such as micro-degrees of temperature
change are much easier to measure over small distances.
BioMEMS Implantable Sensors
Biosensors placed inside the body, or in-vivo, measure biological parameters such as
blood pH, oxygen, carbon dioxide, and blood glucose. (Blood pH is a measure of the
acidity of the blood.) These parameters are the most important in medicine since these
are all independent blood chemistries that give a moment-to-moment insight into the
physiological state of a living being.
Since the early days of the space program NASA has been interested in ways of
noninvasively monitoring these blood parameters in astronauts for the instant
assessment of their physiological condition. Until recently, blood withdrawal was the
only accurate and reliable way to obtain such information. Indwelling sensors that use
needle penetrations are now available but still have trouble with accuracy and
longevity.
The military has also been interested in the assessment of the state of readiness of a
soldier which is reflected in his blood chemistry. An exhausted solider will show a highly
acidic blood pH (less than about 7.3). Remote electronic readout of biosensor
information of a soldier to a central command center is presently the stuff of science
fiction movies but reflects real desires of the military.
Figure 7 shows a photo of a pH sensor (which measures concentration of hydrogen
ions). It is designed as a needle for tissue insertion or placement at the end of a
catheter for introduction into the blood stream. The pointed tip is inserted into the
medium to be measured, and the electrical signal and power supply are connected to
the device at the gold film contacts at the base.
10
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFICIAL ON

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 264, "chars": 1716, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//F
132 ONLY
1: referance
2: gate oxide
3: insulating resir
4: channne
$: sourco
D: drain
B: bulk
b)
al
solution
V9s+
+ B
3
-8
var
MOSFET
Vdr
ISFET
igure 7. An ISFET (Ion Sensitive Field Effect Transistor) Needle-Type pH Sensor for Monitoring Tissu
hysiologic Status (http://www.ee.seikei.ac.jp/vselichi/lecture/Biomedical/09/09-biosensor.htm
The sensor element is an ion sensitive field effect transistor (ISFET). This device is
micromachined from silicon by using standara semiconductor photolithography
processes. The actual active sensor surface is near the tip of the device where there is
a thin film of silicon nitride covering the gate region of the transistor. The gate is
sensitive to very small changes in electric field, and these in turn cause relatively large
changes (or gain) in the current flow through the transistor.
At the center in Figure 7 is a standard transistor diagram showing the gate and its
relation to the other contacts. On the right is shown the pH sensitive ISFET system that
measures an electric field change across the nitride membrane. The membrane is
placed directly in contact with the liquid to be measured. It is not known the exact
process that occurs at the membrane that gives rise to electric field shifts on the gate.
Presumably hydrogen ions reversibly adsorb onto the interface between the nitride
membrane and the solution causing local electric field changes on the gate.
This device is not meant for permanent implantation but rather short term applications
in research or medical surgery where the sensor is used over just a few hours. Proteins
and other biological molecules adhere to the gate region of the ISFET and cause a slow
11
UNCLASSIFIED//FOr

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 302, "chars": 1953, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//PO
drift and offset in the reading and so shifting the calibration. Depending on its exact
construction some versions however can be effective for as much as a few days.
Figure 8 shows the latest in microdevice oxygen sensors. (This particular version is not
specifically a MEMS device since it is not made by photolithography and it is neither
electrical nor mechanical in nature.) It represents however the trend in oxygen sensors
towards optical measurement techniques that are evolving towards optical systems
based on MEMS. These sensors can be implemented in small sizes with optical fibers
that transmit and receive light from the sensor surface at the tip. Variations on this
basic principle are used for indwelling blood oxygen catheters during surgery.
fiber optics
silicone cover
= prism
silicone carrier
Figure 8. A Fiber Optical Oxygen Sensor Showing Two Optical Fibers Mated to Plastic Prisms That are
Coated With an Oxygen-Sensor Coating, Usually a Fluorescent Ruthenium Compound
(http://www.imtek.de/content/projekte_en.php?ls=11)
The oxygen sensors respond to changes in absorption of oxygen into the special coating
at the tip, or in some versions, they respond to fluorescence of a thin oxygen-sensitive
coating placed on the prism surface. The secret to good performance lies in the
proprietary selection of the specific chemical species selected for the coating.
Blue light is usually transmitted down the optical fiber and the coating glows orange in
proportion to the amount of oxygen present. The light from the glow is conducted back
toward the supporting instrumentation system. The intensity of the orange light then
indicates oxygen levels in the solution. The particular sensor shown in Figure 8 uses
two optical fibers. The one on the left side is not sensitive to oxygen, but rather acts as
a reference system that is used to compensate for changes temperature, ambient light,
and other system variables.
12

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 392, "chars": 2562, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/*
TAL HEE ONLY
So far, despite decades of work, no continuous monitoring sensor that is self contained
and implantable has been successful for long term usage. The human body is an
exceptionally hostile environment for foreign materials. Even our most advanced
biosensors fail over a period of days or weeks if continuously exposed to the body
environment. This failure is mostly due to the sensor chemistry wearing out in one way
or another or attack of the sensor interface by the body's immune system. Failure is not
generally attributed to the materials of which the sensor is made.
MEMS Blood Glucose Sensors
Diabetes is an enormous world problem. A significant fraction of the annual world
health care expenditures can be traced back to diabetes, and its cousin, obesity.
Measurement of blood glucose on a regular basis, usually 3-4 times a day, allows a
diabetic to regulate his diet and insulin dose to achieve normal glucose levels.
Perhaps one of the most needed biosensors is that for an in-vivo blood glucose sensor.
These could be used to automatically control of the output of an insulin-delivery pump.
This would constitute a major improvement in the treatment of diabetes by
automatically using blood glucose concentration feedback to stabilize the blood glucose
levels with the exact level of needed insulin. This kind of system is sometimes called an
artificial endocrine pancreas since it mimics the normal function of the pancreas in
regulating insulin release.
There are several attempts at using MEMS devices to produce indwelling glucose
sensors. These are presently on the market, but currently the sensors have relatively
short lifetimes, are disposable, and require replacement every few days.
Figure 9 shows this basic idea. An
implantable sensor produces an
electrical output that reports the blood
Glucose
glucose concentration. Its signal is
1
transmitted to a receiver and then
processed by a computer to drive a
2
belt-worn pump.
pump
The creation of such a sensor has been
a daunting problem from more than 30
years. The most recent attempts have
been in the use of micromachining to
produce optical devices of very small
size and to produce wireless
transmitting electrochemical sensor
devices small enough to be injected into
the body.
Figure 9. Control of an Insulin-Delivery System by
an Implantable Glucose Sensor (Medtronic Inc.)
Coincident with the development of
sensors has been the need to develop very small wireless telemetry systems that
transmit the sensor data to outside the body.
13
UNCLASSIFIED//F

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 409, "chars": 2653, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR
CALMEDALK
COMMERCIAL BLOOD GLUCOSE SENSORS
The present method of blood glucose monitoring depends on a needle puncture of the
skin to withdraw a drop of blood to place on a color changing test strip. The test strip is
read by a small handheld reader. Glucose test strips do not have to necessarily be
small, but by making the sensor very small the amount of blood required for the test is
reduced. The sensors often are made by techniques of photolithography or in some
cases by microscale screen printing in order to achieve reproducibility.
The skin-puncture test is painful and time consuming, and thus noninvasiveness is the
key desired characteristic of glucose sensors. Research is being directed at a
noninvasive glucose sensor that is accurate enough to work external to the body and
through the skin. Short term (a few days) wearable needle glucose sensors are
available from major companies like Medtronic Inc. but fall short of the convenience of
a noninvasive sensor.
ENZYME-BASED BIOSENSORS
The key component in most biosensors
is a reactive chemistry on the sensor
surface. The sensor chemistry is chosen
to give it specificity to only one analyte
(such as glucose). The concentration of
the analyte is determined by a sensor
that can directly measure the analyte
reaction products reacting with the
sensor surface. For example sensor
chemistries to measure glucose are
often based on glucose oxidase enzyme
which promotes a chemical reaction at
the sensor surface. Glucose oxidase
enzyme complex structure is seen in
Figure 10.
Glucose oxidase catalyzes the reaction:
Figure 10. Glucose Oxidase Enzymes Like Glucose
Oxidase are Large Folded Molecules That Act as
glucose + Or (glucose oxidase) →
gluconolactone + H2O½ + heat (79
kJ/mole)
Catalysts for a Chemical Reaction
(http://www.innovations-
report.de/bilder_neu/17279_gluc.jpg)
This reaction of glucose with oxygen (from the air) occurs in the presence of glucose
oxidase enzyme. The enzyme itself is a catalyst to the reaction and so is not consumed.
Rather it presents favorable conditions and ability to transfer electrons on its molecular
structure for glucose and oxygen to come together to react. Figure 10 shows the
enzyme structure.
Typically in a sensor the enzyme is a large molecule and can be trapped in a porous gel
and thus is not able to diffuse away from the sensor surface. Glucose and oxygen,
being small molecules, can diffuse through the gel to the enzyme whereby the reaction
occurs and the reaction products will diffuse away. The enzyme is unconsumed and the
reaction process is continuous as long as glucose is present.
14
UNCLASSIFIED/FOR

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 340, "chars": 2348, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ /FeM
An enzyme-gel is applied in a thin layer over a electrically biased metal electrode. An
electrical current flows through the electrode when the hydrogen peroxide produced by
the glucose reaction is decomposed and causes an electrical current to flow. If there is
a fixed concentration of glucose present, a corresponding amount of peroxide will be
produced, and this can be measured by the electrical current flow. The amount of
peroxide measured is an indicator of the glucose concentration. The actual amount of
analyte consumed by a small BioMEMS sensor is exceedingly small and has no
significant effect on the local concentration.
Figure 11 shows a MEMS implementation of a blood glucose sensor using this kind of
approach (Advanced Biosensors Inc). The fine needle geometry is generally meant for
insertion into tissue. This device is comprised of multiple independent small sensors and
is actually a system of components that adds signal processing and interface electronics
to allow its communication with insulin pumps for automated delivery of insulin based
on patient need.
Advanced BioSensors blood glucose sensor
- Flip chip assembly
- ASICs, power sources and circuit components
- Separate sensors, mount with electrical
connections, add the biocompatible polymer,
assemble the sensor patch.
- The sensor based on glucose oxidase reaction
with blood plasma from capillaries in the dermis.
- biochemical coating - sensor in place 3 - 7 days
- Docking port for electronics assembly with
amplifier, ADC, wireless transceiver. power source
- encrypted digital data to wristwatch-sized
monitor recorder module
- In future combine the CGMS with an insulin pump
to produce a closed-loop system-an artificial
pancreas.
imp long × 200 um wice
Figure 11. An Experimental MEMS Blood Glucose Sensor
Glucose sensors based on electrical measurement of hydrogen peroxide products have
success, its longevity in the body is much less than desired; sensors based on this
approach decay after a few days of use.
THERMOPILE IMPLANTABLE GLUCOSE SENSORS
Towe et al. at Arizona State University have been working on an improved approach to
blood glucose sensing. It depends on the fact that the glucose oxidase reaction
generates a small amount of heat as indicated in the above chemical reaction. The
15
UNCLASSIFIED/AFOR OFFIGIAL bEEN

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 236, "chars": 1589, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ A
USE ONLo
released chemical energy warms the surrounding environment to a degree that
depends on the energy released in the exothermic reaction, which is characteristic of
the particular chemistry and the amount of reactants. The heating is then dependent on
the glucose concentration.
Figure 12 shows these devices. They are
made by MEMS techniques involving the
processes of using patterning by
exposure to light through a mask
(photolithography), metal deposition by
evaporation, and sputter etching. The
result is the fabrication of sensors in
large arrays with many identical sensors
on a single substrate. The figure is a
photomicrograph of a part of a wafer
production run with nine identical
devices. Each one of the devices is less
than 1 mm in size and would be cut
apart and used independently. The
darker rectangular areas at the top of
each device are the electrical bonding
pads where wires attach to the device
to readout its electrical response.
•
•
•
•
Figure 13 shows the basic process in the
sensor operation. The sensor is planar
and composed of a layered structure
Figure 12. Photomicrograph 3 × 3 Array ol
Thermoelectric Glucose Sensors Constructed by
Towe et al, at ASU
consisting of an enzyme gel and a
thermoelectric temperature sensor. Glucose from the local medium naturally diffuses to
the gel and the temperature sensor underlies a thin film of enzyme gel that contains
the glucose oxidase. A second enzyme called catalase is used to secondarily break
down hydrogen peroxide produced by the first reaction.
16
UNCLASSIFIED/«FOR-OrPremE dSE ONEr

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 201, "chars": 1402, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//F
Thermoelectric Enzyme Sensor
Schematic
Glucose + Oz
H,O,
H2O, + Gluconic Acid + 79 kJ
→ H2O + 11202 + 100 kJ
Oxygen
Reference
Junctions
Gluconic Acid
Glucose
Heat
Enzyme Gel
« Glucose oxidase & Catalase
Thin Mylar
sensing:
Juncțions
...
lisulation
Refereric
dections
Figure 13. A MEMS Thermopile Glucose Sensor (Towe et al., Arizona State University)
Heat energy released in the gel is measured by the thermopile and is characterized in
terms of kiloJoules (kJ) per mole of glucose consumed. At concentrations of glucose
that are common in the blood stream, the temperature rise is very small, on the order
of a hundredth of a degree (10 millidegrees).
Measuring this temperature change in the presence of ambient body heat or room-
temperature changes of a few degrees is a daunting task, but can be done.
The measurement of the small reaction temperature in the face of possible ambient
temperature shifts is accomplished by the use of a differential temperature
measurement system.
This sensor employs what is known as the Seebeck Effect whereby dissimilar metals
heated at their junction produce a voltage that is proportional to temperature. This
concept is shown in Figure 14. This principle is then implemented as an array of metal
junctions that when connected in series produce a higher output in order to detect
smaller temperature changes.
17
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFICIAL GE O

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 203, "chars": 1412, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ A
Blood Glucose Sensors for Diabetic
Monitoring and Biochemical Analyses
Eric Guilbeau and Bruce Towe
Metal A
Measuring
Junction
Reference
Junction
Metal B
Seebeck Voltage
Seebeck Voltage - Thermoelectric EMF (T, - T,)
Thermoelectric EMF of Antimony/Bismuth Antimony/Bismuth V°C
Figure 14. Illustration of the Thermocouple Principle (Guilbeau and Towe, ASU)
Figure 15 on the left panel shows a photomicrograph of a thermopile temperature
sensor that is made from the metals antimony and bismuth. These metals are vacuum
deposited as alternating thin films using a masking process to form horizontal lines of
conductive metal. Each pair of lines has a sensing junction and a reference junction.
When they are heated on their sensing junction with respect to their reference end
(that is exposed to the ambient temperature), they generate a small electrical voltage.
Each junction is only a few tens of microns in size so it is possible to place dozens of
junctions in series in order to increase the voltage signal. Figure 15 on the right panel
shows that there are two banks of thermoelectric sensors with the central common
junctions supporting an enzyme gel. Thermopiles are thin film temperature sensors and
are differential in nature in that they measure temperature differences, and are thus
sensitive enough to detect exceedingly small temperature rises.
18
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFICIAL USE ON

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 287, "chars": 1924, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ KO
Thin Mylar
Substrate
Enzyme
Bismuth
Reterenere
Junctions
Measurna
Junctions
Reference
Junetlons
Figure 15. Thermopile Glucose Sensor (left) With Functional Illustration (right) are Made Using
Photolithographic Techniques. This larger device is about 8 mm in length but has approximately 50 micron
minimum geometries. (Towe et al.)
At ASU the glucose sensor has been constructed on a thin mylar plastic substrate and
so can be curved into a cylinder to form a small tube. This tube is then sensitive to
glucose concentrations on its outside exposure to the blood stream. Figure 16 shows a
photograph and an illustration of a glucose sensor implemented in the form of a
catheter. The electrical output signal is routed by wires down the length of the catheter
for a remote readout. The device was implanted in a pig over a short duration and the
decrease in blood glucose concentrations in response to administration of insulin were
recorded and are shown in the right hand panel of Figure 16.
Insulin
Glucose Catheter Sensor
=
Concentration, mg u
Time
10 min
Figure 16. Photograph and Illustration of the Thermopile Glucose Sensor in a Catheter. Its configuration
is shown (left) and its response in detecting changes in blood glucose in a pig as a result of insulin administration
to the animal. (ASU research.) Towe et al.
This glucose sensor approach has been found to have limitations in stability when
introduced into tissue or blood. Primarily the problems, as with many sensors, arise
from the system chemistry and not as much from the electronic portion of the sensor.
The glucose oxidase enzyme slowly decays over time and thus the sensor sensitivity
and calibration drifts making it eventually unusable.
These problems have no easy solution. Investigators have been working with various
forms of blood chemistry sensors for forty years or more. Microfabricated
19
UNCLASSIFIED/FOR OFFIGIAL AGE BAL

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 339, "chars": 2233, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ AG
thermoelectric sensors have improved reproducibility of the sensors, but there has only
been limited success in applications of implantation into the body.
Neuroengineering by BioMEMS
BioMEMS types of devices, as we understand them today, were used first in
neuroscience. There has been a long history of the study of the electrical nature of body
tissue dating back to the days of Galvani and Volta. Frog nerves were found to be
electrically stimulatable and the first recordings of bioelectrical events were
accomplished very early with the invention of the string galvanometer.
More recently, pointed wires inserted into muscle, nerve and brain have given way to
MEMS electrode systems that are made on silicon supporting substrates and the
processes of photolithography used to define electrical current pathways. Figure 17
shows a modern electrode system for detecting and recording electrical signals from
living things. Each of the square regions is an exposed film of platinum while the
thinner conductors that contact the pads are insulated by a thin layer of a plastic and
conduct the detected electrical signals to a connector system (not shown).
Figure 17. A MEMS Biopotential Electrode System. It is approximately 100 microns in width. Each square pad
is an electrically sensitive region. (Wikipedia)
BIOELECTRIC EVENTS
The living processes of biology can in some ways be likened to that of a battery. The
metabolism of life produces the charging of the battery while it discharges through a
myriad of bioelectrical events that produce movement, thought, and cognition.
The transfer of electrical charge in the form of ions, mostly sodium, potassium and
chloride is initiated by bioelectrically excitable cells of the nerves, muscles, and neurons
of the brain. Collectively they constitute the wiring of the body. These ions result from
the salts that are part of the composition of living things that have evolved from the
sea.
The movements of these ions constitutes the flow of an electrical current in tissues and
are called bioelectrical currents. These currents give rise to electrical potentials that can
be detected from the skin or by biopotential electrodes inserted into organs or muscle.
20

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 268, "chars": 1780, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ /FOR OFFICIAL USE ONL
Bioelectrical events are generated in tissues when there is an electrochemical change in
the membranes of specialized cells of the brain and nervous systems.
Neuroelectrical devices interface to the brain and nervous systems through electrodes
that touch excitable cell membrane and convert ionic current flows to electron flow in a
wire. Conversely current flows in a wire are converted by electrodes to ionic flows in
tissue.
The function of the entire human body is under control of the brain and the nervous
system. So the use of electrodes of various types as a method of monitoring and
controlling the function of the nervous system through bioelectrical currents and
electrodes is potentially a very powerful method of treating in therapeutic ways. Figure
18 suggests the idea of an excitable cell of the brain having many tendrils or dendrites
that extend outward to interconnect with other cells. Essentially these cells are the
relay points of the bioelectrical wiring of the human body.
Figure 18. A Neural Cell Showing Dendritic Inter-Connections That are Electrically Active With Other
Cells (artist's illustration)
An electrical interface to body tissues typically occurs through the use of microelectrode
systems. These electrodes are often on the order of tens of microns to millimeter-order
in sizes depending on their function. For example electrodes that simply measure
bioelectrical activity of the nervous system can resemble needles insulated along thei
length having micron order tips both because they carry only small electrical currents
and also because they need to be placed in very specific places and they contact just a
single or few cells that control specific functions.
21
UNCLASSIFIED/ APOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 347, "chars": 2370, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/A
Bionics and Neurointerfaces
Neuroprosthetics (also called neural
prosthetics) is a discipline related to
neuroscience and biomedical
engineering concerned with developing
neural prostheses. Neural prostheses
are devices that attempt to substitute
for a motor, sensory or cognitive
modality that might have been
damaged as a result of an injury or a
disease.
Bionics and neurointerfacing are
relatively new concepts. A
neurointerface is a combination of
software and hardware that translates
electrode signals to something which is
understood by an electronic system.
The term bionics is used when we
connect organic matter with something
artificial (human-made).
The design and development of neural
interface electrodes to the brain or
peripheral nerve has been going on for
more than twenty years. Figure 19
shows a mockup of a neuroprosthetic
Figure 19, A Neuroprosthetic Interface, Adapted to
electrode system for the human brain
the needs of a quadriplegic for control of his environments
that is meant to tap into brain signals
(Duke University)
and then through the use of a computer allow a quadriplegic to control his environment.
BIOLLECTRODES AND BIOMEMS
Electrodes that interface to the brain or nervous system are the most important
components of neuroprosthetic systems. There are basically of two classes of
electrodes. One class does recording of bioelectric events and the other provides
current to stimulate bioelectrical responses.
Both classes of electrodes need to be designed to be very robust for long term survival
in the hostile environment of the human body. For this reason only the noble metals of
platinum, iridium, gold, and to some extent the resistant metal tungsten are used for
electrodes. Nearly all other metals would corrode in the warm saline environment of
living tissues. Electronic exchange reactions occur at the electrode surfaces in both
recording and stimulation modes.
Many bioelectrodes are nothing more than fine wires insulated down their length and
then exposed at a needle tip where an electrical contact exists to tissue. These are
usually used in research for trying to understand brain function. Sometimes a single
electrode performs both recording as well as stimulation but more frequently the
electrode size and material is optimized to do one function or the other.
22
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR
LANE ONLY

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 302, "chars": 2000, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR O
Electrode arrays are sometimes used, such as in the case of deep brain stimulation for
late-stage Parkinson's disease, which is characterized by tremors of hands. There is a
"brain pacemaker" that sends electrical impulses to specific parts of the patient's brain
via permanently inserted electrodes. This can stop the tremors for reasons that are not
exactly known and for which the best location in a given patient to place the electrode
is also not known beforehand. Thus introducing multiple electrodes and stimulating
each one in-turn until the best result is found allows a greater degree of possible
effectiveness and therapeutic result. MEMS techniques are being employed in this
application to permit a greater number of contacts and to reduce the size of the lead
wire on the electrodes.
MEMS multichannel electrode stimulating and recording electrode systems are also used
in brain interface applications to record or stimulate the activity of many neural circuits.
Such electrodes allow ability to record or stimulate complex muscle movements
associated with the limb such as in walking or in grasping objects with the hands.
Figure 20 shows an electrode system looking much like a bed of nails.
Figure 20. Scanning Electron Micrograph of a Brain Electrode Array Manufactured From Titanium and
Produced by a Process of Electrodischarge Machining ("Electrical Discharge Machining and Chemical Etching",
Fofonoff*, Martel, Hatsopoulos, Donoghue, Hunter)
All muscles of the body are activated by nerves that route to the brain. It is known from
careful studies conducted by many investigators over the years that there is a wiring
ind physical mapping of the muscles to certain clusters of specialized cells in the moto
cortex of the brain.
It is also known that when a person plans or strongly imagines moving part of his body,
there is a complex electrical activation of the corresponding regions of the brain
involving many cells over a local area.
23
UNCLASSIFIED/ M

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 386, "chars": 2506, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/MOR
Over the years, investigators have figured out how to interpret precursor bioelectrical
events in the brain involved in planning of movements. The result is that if enough
recording electrodes are placed in the brain in the motor cortex area, it is possible to
determine planned muscle motion. This works even if the muscles ultimately do not
move, as in the case of a quadriplegic with spinal cord injury.
Thus quite a remarkable possibility presents in that a computer program can be taught
to interpret large numbers of bioelectrodes signals and so can determine a person's
intent to move and then, for example, control a robotic limb that actually performs the
operation.
Crude forms of these thought-controlled devices have been shown in research
laboratories to be feasible, even if they are at present not practical. Among other
things, the electrode interface to the brain is not yet sufficiently developed to provide
large numbers of functioning electrodes that can work over prolonged periods of time.
MICROELECTRODE ARRAY FABRICATION
Neuroengineering applications in the brain can require tens to hundreds of electrodes to
make contact with a similarly large numbers of cells in the brain. Large numbers of
electrodes in arrays inserted into the surface of the brain cortex thus become sensitive
to the timing and patterns of cell firings.
BioMEMS has been a critical part of this development. The electrode array in Figure 20
is made by a electrochemical process of using a long but stiff wire that acts like a
machine tool. Electrical discharge machining (EDM) is a process that makes use of
computer-aided design (CAD), that runs under computer numerical control (CNC), and
that is capable of batch processing.
A block of titanium metal that will ultimately be the array is placed in an electrolyte
solution and the working electrode initiates a submerged electrochemical arc. It finely
removes metal by a chemical process that does not involve a lot of heat. It can
generate intricate features with high aspect ratios and is capable of machining a large
variety of conductive materials.
In this case, the electrode shaft thicknesses are on the order of 50-100 microns and the
entire device is less than a centimeter square with 96 electrode channels. When this
device is encapsulated in a polymer at its base and pressed into the brain cortex, each
electrode then records from a specific set of neurons that are local to its placement
24
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR BFFICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 273, "chars": 1847, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//FOr
cake
432 04L
BRAIN-MACHINE INTERFACES
A specific development in MEMS based neuroengineering has been the brain-machine
interface (BMI. These devices use computers to interpret brain signals from implanted
neural arrays and then use the information to control machines and setup ar
automated environment.
The development of such devices can have a profound impact on the quality of life for
those individuals practically isolated because of their disabilities. Connected machines
will enable them to enjoy the everyday things we take for granted.
For example, a visual prosthesis could potentially restore partial vision to a blind patient
by stimulating neurons in the visual cortex using an input BMI. Signals could be
recorded from the motor cortex using an output BMI in order to bypass a neural injury
and restore some movement to a paralyzed patient. Even a simpler device that would
allow a patient to move a cursor on a screen would make a significant impact.
It is generally recognized that clinical applications of such BMIs may require the
activities of hundreds or thousands of neurons to be simultaneously sampled. Figure 21
is an SEM photograph of a dense array of electrodes directed towards BMI applications.
Figure 21. Scanning Electron Micrograph of a 1141 Electrode Array Made to Be Inserted Into the
Surface of the Human Brain (University of Utah)
A significant problem with these devices is that when they get too densely disposed,
blood flow and disruption of the natural wiring of the brain causes decline of tissue
function.
Another very important issue is the biocompatibility of the material that the implants
are coated with. The more biocompatible these materials are the less tissue reaction
they will cause thus resulting less implant risk and longer implant period.
25
UNCLASSIFIED//E
Cast test pla

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 161, "chars": 1129, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ FOR
POLYMER BIOMEMS ELECTRODES
Polymer materials like polyimide are widely used for neuroprostheses because they are
inert, flexible and metal films adhere well to them.
Manufacturing of neural electrodes can be achieved by metal vacuum deposition
through photolithographic masks and by a process of RF ablation or etching. Figure 22
shows some products of NeuroNexus Inc that result from this process. These electrodes
are batch fabricated and have a high reproducibility of geometrical shape, electrical
properties, and mechanical properties.
brr
iqure 22. Polymer Based Cortical Penetrating Neuroelectrodes Made by processes of Thin Flir
eposition and RF Etching ‹ Neuronexus Inc
They also have the advantage of small size, resulting in minimal displacement of the
neural tissue and their long leg lengths give a high spatial resolution at various depths
up to 1 cm. The multiple parallel shanks, provide horizontal spatial sampling and
independent recording/stimulation among sites.
Figure 23 shows one of these devices introduced into the cortex of an exposed rat
brain.
26
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLy

===== PAGE 34 =====
{"alpha_words": 163, "chars": 1024, "method": "ocr", "page": 34, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//F
Figure 23. A MEMS Microelectrode Array Implanted Into the Cortex of a Rat Brain. The lead wires from the
device can be seen, (NeuroNexus Inc.)
RETINAL DEVICES USING BIOMEMS
An example of MEMS being used in conjunction with wireless implantable systems is the
retinal implant.
These devices attempt to augment vision where it has failed due to problems such as
macular degeneration and retinitis pigmentosa. The basic idea is to use a miniature
video camera and connect it to an electrode array in the eye such that the scene ir
view is converted to electrical impulses used to stimulate the sensation of sight by
direct stimulation of the receptors in the eye. Figure 24 shows this idea.
Figure 25 shows a microelectrode array that has been manufactured on a polymer
substrate such that it is exceedingly thin and flexible. The flexibility is needed so that it
conforms to the curved shape of the back of the eye. The electrode pads seen are
attached by a flexible cable.
27
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFICIALSE DAL

===== PAGE 35 =====
{"alpha_words": 175, "chars": 1349, "method": "ocr", "page": 35, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//4
• C
฿
Figure 24. A Representation of the Retinal
Prosthesis: (A) camera in the glass frame, (B)
wireless transmitter, (C) extraocular electronic case
(receiver), and (D) intraocular implant electrode array
(http://biomed.brown.edu/Courses/BI108/2006-
108websites/group03retinalimplants/interoccular.htm)
Figure 25. A BioMEMS-Fabricated 4x4 Microelectrode
Retinal Array
(http://biomed.brown.edu/Courses/BI108/2006-
108websites/ group03retinalimplants/interoccular.htm)
A retinal based neuroprosthesis is designed to use electrical pulse stimulation of the
remaining viable retinal cells to evoke the sensation of light at discrete points within the
visual field. These apparent points of light are called phosphenes.
The strategy is to pulse the retina with sufficiently close-spaced electrodes such that
the phosphenes would combine to present an organized pattern to the patient's
perceptions. A completely implanted device is desired that has the electrode array
connected to a pulse driver circuit, power, and signal processing. All of these
components must be miniaturized as much as possible so the entire device can be
implanted.
Microimplantable devices based on BioMEMS structures are being developed that
capture their power from outside the body by wireless techniques. Bidirectional
28
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR-OFFICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 36 =====
{"alpha_words": 290, "chars": 1850, "method": "ocr", "page": 36, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR
Figure 26. An Illustration of the Retinal Neuroprosthesis Created by the Boston Implant Project
(http://www.bostonretinalimplant.org/implant.php?fontsize=normal&hicontrast)
The signal processing circuits are on the left while the power induction coil is the
circular structure. The MEMS stimulating microelectrode array projects out towards the
bottom of the picture.
The minimal size of the implant means batteries are impractical and forms of wireless
power by magnetic induction, ultrasound, or solar energy are required. In addition the
tissue surrounding the implant is usually very sensitive to temperature rise so the
implant must have very low power consumption to ensure it will not harm the tissue.
Power by magnetic induction is widely used because it allows relatively larger amounts
of power transter compared to ultrasound and solar energy techniques. Parallel colls of
wire, one inside the body and one outside, exchange energy by magnetic field coupling
in accordance with Faraday's law of induction. Figure 27 is an artist's conception of the
magnetic induction method of power transmission. There are two coaxial coils that
couple magnetically, one on the inside of the body and one external. The energy of the
magnetic field is shown as the curved lines passing through the tissue.
A disadvantage of this method is that the coils are relatively large compared to the size
of micro-implants and so tends to define the minimum size. The coil size depends on
the amount of energy that needs to be induced and on the implant depth with larger
diameter coils being required.
This type of technology is giving way to improved methods of energy transmission into
tissue for implant power by using microscale devices that, although not strictly MEMS,
share many of their characteristics.
29
UNCLASSIFIED//WeR
FAL USE ONL

===== PAGE 37 =====
{"alpha_words": 271, "chars": 1789, "method": "ocr", "page": 37, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//
i canted):
dia and port
Nitain fate trusted anstrat 1
Figure 27. Power Transfer by Magnetic Induction to an Implanted BioMEMS Retinal Prosthesis. This Is
the Boston Retinal Implant Project.
(http://www.bostonretinalimplant.org/retinalapproach.php?fontsize=normal&hicontrast)
MICROSCALE IN THERAPEUTIC NEUROSTIMULATION
Some of the biggest excitement in medical neuroprosthetics has been in the notion that
we can use micro-implantable devices rather than drugs to reduce or better control the
effects of stroke, heart disease, epilepsy, and other disorders of the human condition.
Bioelectrical stimulation has effects which are very specific on local tissues rather than
indiscriminately affecting all tissues and so may offer fewer side effects of drugs. Such
devices can be finely controlled in their effects and provide a greater flexibility in terms
of treatment.
Any implanted device has to be small in order to be minimally invasive, especially in the
brain. Powering of implanted devices by batteries is only practical in a few biomedical
situations. Also implants may need to communicate with the outside world wirelessly.
Having wires penetrating the skin is uncomfortable and could lead to infection in the
The notion of placing bioelectronic stimulation devices inside of the body for therapeutic
reasons goes back to the early invention of the pacemaker. These kind of devices have
internal batteries to support an electrical pulse generator that paces the rhythm of the
heart.
Because the amount of energy in each pulse is relatively small the power drain is low
and the pacemaker batteries can last years. The difficulty is that they are bulky, must
be eventually replaced on the order of seven years, and their placement is invasive.
30
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OPP

===== PAGE 38 =====
{"alpha_words": 357, "chars": 2353, "method": "ocr", "page": 38, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//F
Variations of pacemaker devices are used in brain neurostimulation for treatment of
Parkinson's disease characterized by the involuntary tremors of the hands and body. In
this case the battery pack must be placed outside the brain, typically in the upper chest
and a long catheter wire tunneled through tissues to the specific parts of the brain to be
treated.
Research at Arizona State University has
been directed towards overcoming the
problems of bulk and need for battery
replacement through an approach where
the implanted neurostimulation devices
are made exceptionally small and where
they derive their power by a process of
induction from the outside of the body.
Figure 28 shows one of these devices.
The tiny size of the device reduces tissue
trauma upon insertion, Small electrodes
at either end of the device contact neural
tissue and apply electrical stimulating
pulses.
The patient wears a type of powering-
patch on his body over the micro-implant
and is supplied by a small cell-phone like
device having batteries that provides the
Figure in Mean Denies noT an ought the
men of a Syringe Needle, This device was made
sU and is powered by ultrasound energy. (Towe et a
energy for driving the patch.
A coin-sized transducer on the skin directs ultrasound energy at about 1 MHz frequency
towards an implanted microdevice.
A type of piezoelectric plastic material known as PVDF is configured as a ultrasound
receiver and works to change pulses of the sound wave energy into a rectified electrical
current. This current is then used to stimulate tissues.
Due to the fact that ultrasound is a mechanical vibration and carries significant energy
in a vibrating wave, the energy transfer across the skin can be more easily achieved
than magnetic induction to a similar depth and size and so provide the needed currents
for neurostimulation.
Figure 29 shows a bioelectrical stimulator configuration. The implanted device is 0.9
mm × 1.2 mm and contains a Schottky diode. The piezoelectric output current response
of PVDF to the ultrasound is increased by stacking thin 25 micron sheets of the material
connected so they are in electrical parallel. With bonding layer thicknesses in-between,
the overall thickness of the stack is on the order of 250-350 microns and forms a solid
structure.
31
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFF-SEAL ASE GREA

===== PAGE 39 =====
{"alpha_words": 269, "chars": 1884, "method": "ocr", "page": 39, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//4
Silver chloride
electrodes (0.8 mm)
encapsulation
Diode
(0.9mm)
piezoelectric polymer
(variable length 1-5 mm)
Figure 29. Illustration of the Internal Construction of the Ultrasound Powered Neurostimulator
Developed at ASU. Platinum ball electrodes at either end are the contacts to the tissue. (Towe et al.)
This device has been implanted in rats and shown effective in neurostimulation under a
wide variety of conditions. It appears suited to near-surface neurostimulations for relief
of pain, and in the potential treatment of a variety of nervous system disorders.
MEMS in Microfluidics
Another major area of application of BioMEMS is the control of fluids on very small
scales and quantities. This capability is important in rapidly testing blood chemistry
from single drops of whole blood, in the laboratory for clinical chemistry, and in working
with very small amounts of DNA derived from cellular extracts.
Manufacturing small channels that
conduct fluids is relatively straight
forward using photolithography. A
computer generated optical mask is used
to expose patterns onto photoresists,
then a process of etching by plasma or
chemicals is used to carve out parts of
the substrate.
Substrates are often glass since it is
cheap, easily formed, and is a reasonably
inert and biocompatible surface. Figure 30
shows some of these kinds of
configurations. Glass is easily etched by
hydrofluoric acid, but also forms of
sandblasting with a fine grit have recently
been developed to cut holes in glass.
Finely carved capillaries in glass can allow
nanoliters or even picoliters of fluid to
Figure 30. Microfluidics in Glass. Microfluidics In
glass take advantage of MEMS to produce microscale
devices that can do complex chemical analysis.
(http://www.i-micronews.com/interviews/Micronit-
Microfluidics-discusses-product-diversification.html)
32
UNCLASSIFIED//FO

===== PAGE 40 =====
{"alpha_words": 379, "chars": 2708, "method": "ocr", "page": 40, "variant": "plain-vision"}
move through the channels where processes of separation, filtering, mixing, heating,
reaction, and waste disposal can occur in a programmed sequence. Color changes after
a sequence of chemical steps might be used to indicate the presence and concentration
of an analyte. Optical absorbance or transparency can be read by a simple light
emitting diode (LED) and photodetector system that measures light passing through the
glass sample cell.
LAB CHIPS
A class of microfluidic devices known as lab-chips or Lab-on-a-Chip (LOC) have made
their appearance in the market place. These devices are miniature chemical analysis
systems that replace many of the manual and laborious steps associated with analytical
chemistry. They are generally produced by MEMS techniques and often, but not always,
incorporate electrical systems on the devices.
Automated MEMS-based lab-on-a-chip platforms have become an established system
for basic life science research and drug discovery. They are used to assess the
characteristics of isolated DNA or proteins.
One of the most useful products of bioMEMS instrumentation is the ability to manipulate
small quantities of DNA using microfluidic pathways to perform chemistry with only the
content from a single cell. BioMEMs enable new techniques in genomics (the study of
sets of genes, gene products, and their interactions) and proteomics (the study of
proteins, the expression of genes in health and disease).
These systems are being made now by companies including Affymetix, Caliper,
Nanogen, and Agilent for processing samples on a microfluidic chip for separation and
detection. Figure 31 shows the variety of such systems currently on the market.
Such devices can replace a number of gel electrophoresis operations and substantially
improve work flow sample handling and analysis, lower per sample analysis by 10X and
minimize sample and reagent use.
The physics of these microfluidic systems enable some unique features, including
smooth laminar flow through the microchannels, high surface area to volume ratios,
small thermal mass, and strong effects by electric fields. Microfluidic devices also lend
themselves to enhancements for single cell detection, fluorescence detection, sorting
schemes, and unique fluid separation methods.
The advantages of lab-on-chip devices include:
• Improved fluid transport by electrokinetic effects and miniaturized pumps.
• Efficient molecular and particle separation and immobilization.
• Smaller sample requirements and carrier volumes.
• Reduced reagent consumption and expense.
Integration of channels, mixers, separators, reaction chambers, electrodes, and
detectors into single devices.
33
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR-SEFICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 41 =====
{"alpha_words": 256, "chars": 1848, "method": "ocr", "page": 41, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ F
3,9+9.
Affumetrix
wiww.affyretnx.com
The NanoChipiR: 400 cartridge
constructs the user defined panel of
genetic markers on one chip
_0m20082
He ara biosciences
Caliper Technologies
carpertech.cor
Figure 31. Commercial Lab-Chip Devices That Allow Analysis for Biomarkers of Various Diseases Using
on-Chip Electrophoresis in Microscale (collage from manufacturers listed)
These MEMS devices incorporate micro-scale fluidic components, sensors, actuators,
and customized surfaces created by chemical modification or coating with inorganic and
organic materials; enabling tissue engineering and cell patterning studies along with the
microfluidic control of the culture environment.
NASA SPACE APPLICATIONS FOR MICROFLUIDIC SYSTEMS
NASA has supported at Arizona State University, the development of new types of
microfluidic systems directed towards growing cell cultures on a chip. The specific
application is detecting the effects of space flight and microgravity on living things at
the cellular scale.
Space presents a number of stresses on the cells of the astronaut's body from
electromagnetic fields, microgravity, and space cabin environments, which in
combination have effects that are likely different than any single stress. Beyond
affecting the astronaut directly, space flight can change any organism, and actually
makes some bacteria more dangerous.
Cells can be grown to represent the cells of the astronaut's body. Changes in DNA
expression or molecular stress markers in cultured cells can be used to infer effects of
space.
Culturing mammalian cells in the laboratory generally requires constant attendance and
adjustment, but astronauts have little time for routine culture procedures. Thus NASA
supported the design of an automated microfluidic system to perform all the steps
34
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 42 =====
{"alpha_words": 167, "chars": 1144, "method": "ocr", "page": 42, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//€
needed to culture living cells, in volumes of less than a milliliter. The device contains
thermopneumatic micropumps, microvalves, culture media reservoirs, cell culture
chamber, and optical readout systems to detect fluorescent markers that the cells
express when subjected to certain types of stress.
Sensors for glucose, oxygen, and pH monitor the culture medium and work with a servo
system to keep culture conditions within a narrow range. One of the designed cell
culture systems can be seen in Figure 32. The system is made from micromachined
acrylic, and has fluidic pathways defined as channels in the plastic. The entire system is
first laid out using a CAD (computer aided design) system and then machined to fine
tolerances and chemically polished.
Figure 32. Design of an Automated Cell Culture System for NASA Space Applications Incorporating
Microfluidics and Integrated Optical Components (Towe et. al.)
Figure 33 shows a more compact version of the device which contains two integrated
optical cells designed to monitor the expression of green fluorescent protein (GFP) and
35
UNCLASSIFIED/ FOR OFFICIAL ASE ON

===== PAGE 43 =====
{"alpha_words": 184, "chars": 1255, "method": "ocr", "page": 43, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ A
red fluorescent protein (RFP) in E. Coli bacterial cells genetically engineered by ASU
microbiologist Dr. Valerie Stout. These bacteria glow when the rec-A gene is active,
indicating a certain type of stress or damage to the bacteria due to the space
environment.
Figure 33. NASA Space Application of Microfluidic Cell Culture System Made by Micromachining (Towe -
ASU research)
Microcantilever MEMS Sensors
The microcantilever is one of the simplest MEMS based biosensor devices, with wide
applications in detection of very small amounts of specific chemicals through a process
known as affinity sensing. This can detect gas composition, antigens in the air, toxic
gases and particulates,
The use of microcantilevers as transducers for chemical and biochemical sensing has
only become widespread in the last few years, mainly due to their use in the
development of microsensor arrays. The idea is quite simple: the surface of the
cantilever, a thin rectangular beam clamped at one end, is chemically modified to react
with specific compounds. The mass deposition that follows the chemical reaction causes
a stress, and this leads to a detectable bending of the cantilever as illustrated in Figure
34.
36
UNCLASSIFIED/ fOR UPFIErAL
32 Net

===== PAGE 44 =====
{"alpha_words": 360, "chars": 2372, "method": "ocr", "page": 44, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFIELAL UGE ONE
Microcantilever based sensors fall into
two categories: static sensors and
vibrational sensors. Static sensing
microcantilevers are usually covered
with a gold film, which is then coated
with a substance having a specific
affinity. Upon binding the specific
analyte (such as a protein), stress is
generated resulting in bending of the
microcantilever.
selective chemical layer
L
The deflection is often measured using a
narrow light beam from a small laser.
reacting chemical compound
Light reflected off the bottom of the
cantilever falls onto a surface, where a
position sensitive detector (PSD) can
determine how much the beam bends.
Figure 34. Principle of a Microcantilever That Bends
When It is Loaded With an Adherent Mass
Typically the bend is exceedingly slight,
but the sensitivity of the optical readout system is high enough that small amounts
(nanograms to picograms) of adsorbed material can be detected. These devices are
mostly used for measuring things in the air and not well suited for immersion in fluids.
In vibrational sensing, an external motor is used to vibrate the microcantilever through
a certain range of speeds, and a sensing mechanism then reads out the amplitude of
the vibration. By seeing at what speed the cantilever vibrates best, the resonant
frequency is obtained. As bioparticles bind to the microcantilever, the resonant
frequency will be slower due to the increased mass.
The mass of attached analyte can be determined from the frequency of the
microcantilever. The microcantilever has its own natural frequency w. When a
biomolecule binds to the microcantilever, it changes the mass of the microcantilever.
This in turn affects the resonant frequency. We can use that change to determine the
mass that has been attached to the microcantilever.
In some sense it is like a tuning fork that changes its pitch when touched. The surface
has an affinity for adhesion of a certain material and nothing else. When these
materials are present, they adhere and increase the mass and so the pitch moves
lower.
The sensitivity of these systems to the loaded mass increases as the mass of the
cantilever beam decreases and with it the resonant frequency increases. Decreasing the
overall dimensions of the beam results in an corresponding increase in their sensitivity.
37
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFICIAL USE ENL

===== PAGE 45 =====
{"alpha_words": 223, "chars": 1541, "method": "ocr", "page": 45, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//E
OMET
Thus the trend has been to employ
MEMS technology to reduce the size of
the cantilever beams to microscopic
proportions. In such cases, even the
mass of cells or virus particles can be
measured. Figure 35 shows a
microcantilever system that is on the
order of one micron in width and 10
microns in length. This cantilever beam
was used as a mass detector, with
sensitivity to a single vaccinia virus
particle (vaccinia virus forms the basis of
the smallpox vaccine).
Biomolecular sensors with the ability to
"multiplex," or to detect a large number
of different molecular species at the
same time, are being developed for
cancer diagnostics and therapy
monitoring.
Figure 35. Scanning Electron Micrograph Showing a
Cantilever Beam With a Single Vaccinia Virus
Particle
The secret to good performance is finding a coating that has a high sensitivity for a
specific material of interest. Antibodies are often used as coatings since they can be
tailored to bind to many different molecules. Even so, there are often problems of
antibody shelf-life and they are not perfectly specific and so experience interference
from other chemicals in the test sample.
Figure 36 illustrates the affinity coating. Antibodies for different proteins are coated
onto different micro-cantilever beams, making each beam a sensor.
b
- Tumour biomarker
proteins
C
Antibody
Bent cantilever
Figure 36. Antibodies Attached to a Cantilever Array Create Different Specificities to Substances ir
Blood That are Indicative of Cancer
38
UNCLASSIFIED//

===== PAGE 46 =====
{"alpha_words": 146, "chars": 1051, "method": "ocr", "page": 46, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//«@
Conclusion
MEMs are characterized by small dimensions, enabling new applications of physical
principles to make sensors and actuators of superior characteristics.
Physical properties like surface tension and electrostatic charge dominate the operation
of the devices, and new fabrication approaches are required to make them. The
economic driving forces for this miniaturization are strong for health care and biology.
Advanced fabrication processes are still being discovered to further miniaturize
electromechanical systems and to bring us into the realm of nanomechanical systems
(NEMS). The new class of NEMS devices are expected to provide a higher performance
in applications such as sensors, medical diagnostics and in the electronics industry.
Some devices will enable experiments on the structure and function of individual
biomolecules.
This field is expanding rapidly. Searches of the scientific literature show new ideas
being developed in a number of laboratories throughout the world.
39
UNCLASSIFIED//OR OFFICIAL US AN
