{"collection": "UFO Files Data Archive", "created_utc": "2026-08-03T06:05:43Z", "dpi": 600, "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "ocr", "lang": "eng", "pages": 33, "preprocessing": "imagemagick 600dpi: plain gray/auto-orient plus deskew/normalize/contrast/threshold variants; scored Apple Vision OCR and tesseract psm candidates", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 1841738, "source_file": "Black-Vault-UFO/documents/download-a-zip-file-of-all-37-dird-reports-below/DIRD_04_DIRD_Biomaterials.pdf", "source_sha256": "af8c7bc1600770e4399908540552ef560d0452b74a0314f8341141af9622bd9c"}

===== PAGE 1 =====
{"alpha_words": 20, "chars": 203, "method": "ocr", "page": 1, "variant": "clean-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/+FOR OFFIGIAL UGE ONLY
Defense
Intelligence
Reference
Document
Acquisition Threat Support
7 January 2010
ICOD: 1 December 2009
DIA-08-0912-006
Biomaterials
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR-OFICIALUSE ANLK

===== PAGE 2 =====
{"alpha_words": 65, "chars": 441, "method": "ocr", "page": 2, "variant": "plain-vision"}
This document is made available through the declassification efforts
and research of John Greenewald, Jr., creator of:
The Black Vault
The Black Vault is the largest online Freedom of Information Act (FOIA)
document clearinghouse in the world. The research efforts here are
responsible for the declassification of hundreds of thousands of pages
released by the U.S. Government & Military.
Discover the Truth at: http://www.theblackvault.com

===== PAGE 3 =====
{"alpha_words": 78, "chars": 681, "method": "ocr", "page": 3, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/FOR-OFFICELLUSE-ONLY
Biomaterials
Prepared by:
((b)(3):10 USC 424
Defense Intelligence Agency
Author:
(6)(6)
Administrative Note
COPYRIGHT WARNING: Further dissemination of the photographs in this publication is not authorized.
This product is one in a series of advanced technology reports produced in FY 2009
under the Detense Intelligence Agency, (D)(3):10 USC 424
Advanced Aerospace
this document should be addressed to (b)(3):10 USC 424;(b)(6)
Weapon System Applications (AAWSA) Proaram, Comments or quests pertaining to
Manager, Defense Intelligence Agency, ATTN (b)(3):10 USC 424 | BIdg 6000, Washington,
DC 20340-5100.
ili
UNCLASSIFIED /7POR OFFSETAL USE ONET

===== PAGE 4 =====
{"alpha_words": 84, "chars": 855, "method": "ocr", "page": 4, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/+FOR OFFI
SIALUGE ONLY
Contents
Introduction
Importance of Biocompatibility....
Science of Biomaterials
Biomaterials for Biosensors
Biomaterials for Biomedicine
Biomedical Silicones - Polydimethylsiloxanes …...
Silicone Chemistry..
Silicone in Biomedical Products....
Teflon-
Biodegradable Polymers.
Biodegradation Advantages
Degradable Biomaterials ..
Polylactic Acid and Polyglycolic Acid
Polyethylene Glycol or Polyethylene Oxide.
Hydrogels.
Titanium - Hip and Knee Joints
BioCeramics
Dental Ceramics.
Tissue Constructs as Biomaterials.
Cardiovascular Blomaterials.
Stent Biomaterials.
Nitinol as a Biomaterial
Contact Lenses.
Drug Delivery Polymers.
Medical Titanium as a Biomaterial.
... Vi
... ViT
.... vii
.....!
............. 2
4
..... 4
6
.. 7
8
...8
- 8
10
10
11
11
13
13
15
18
19
• 19
20
22
iv
UNCLASSIFIED HEAR OFEI
CIAL LISE ONL

===== PAGE 5 =====
{"alpha_words": 299, "chars": 2615, "method": "ocr", "page": 5, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/
Biomaterials in Dialysis.........
Summary and Recommendations.....
24
.. 25
Figures
Figure 1. Biomaterial Applications in Medical Devices ..
Figure 2. Common Medical Devices That Use Biomaterials.
.. vill
Figure 3. Biomaterials Such as Polycarbonates, Cellulose, and Silicones Used in
Membranes for Sensors, Dialyzers, and Oxygenators.
1
Figure 4, Photograph of Silicone (polydimethyllsiloxane) Biomedical Implants
Used in Breast Reconstructive Surgery ......
Figure 5. Silicone Chemical Groups ....
Figure 6, Silicone Tracheostomy Tube ........
3
4
5
Figure 7. Silicone Sheets Used Under the Skin as a Physical Supporting Layer for
Repair of Scar TisSUe........
Figure 8. Tefion Structure ................
Figure 9. Expanded PTFE (Gore-Tex or ePTFE) Used in Lip Implants...
Figure 10. Biodegradable Polymers..
Figure 11. Structure of Polylactic Acid (a
Biodegradable Polymer)
6
7
7
9
Figure 12. Biodegradable PLA as an Antiadhesion Barrier after Open-Heart
Surgery ...
9
Figure 13. Biodegradable Polymers Based on Copolymers of Polylactic Acid and
Polyethylene Glycol (Polysciences Inc) ..
Figure 14. Dots of Hydrogel.....
Figure 15. Various Titanium Components Used in Hip Joint Replacement
10
10
11
Figure 16. Hydroxyapatite Porous Bone-Like Structure After Commercial
Processing
Figure 17. Bioceramic Used in Artificial Hip Replacement Component...
Figure 18. Computer-Based Sculpted Ceramic Teeth ..
Figure 19. Scaffold-Guided Tissue Regeneration ..
12
12
13
14
Figure 20. Biodegradable Material CSLG Deposited in a Honeycomb Structure to
Allow Infiltration by Living Cells While in a Submerged Cell Culture ... 15
Figure 21. Some of the More Popular Biomedical Devices and Duration of Their
Blood Contact...
Figure 22. Gore Medical Teflon Foam Used in Vascular Grafts ..
16
16
Figure 23. Illustration of Treatment of an Atrial Septal Defect Using a
Teflon-Based Product Manufactured by Gore, Inc. ....
Figure 24. Stainless Steel and Teflon Bjork Shiley Heart Valve
Figure 25. Illustration of Stent Placement
Figure 26. Nitinol Stent .
Figure 27. Contact Lens...............
17
18
18
19
20
Figure 28. Schematic Representation of Biodegradable (Bioerodible) Drug
Delivery Device .....
21
Figure 29. Photomicrograph of Titanium Metal (Appears Black in This Photo)
in an Intimate Integration With Living Bone....
* 23
Figure 30. Illustration (Left) and Photograph (Right) of a Blood Dialyzer as
Used in Medicine .............
.. 24
Figure 31. Cuprophane Membrane Passes Blood Waste Products (Violet and
Orange Dots) Through Pores and Blocks Passage of Red Blood Cells .. 25
V
UNCLASSIFIED /7POR OrT

===== PAGE 6 =====
{"alpha_words": 203, "chars": 1503, "method": "ocr", "page": 6, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/FOR OFF
USE 8NLY
Biomaterials
Introduction
Biomaterials are metals, ceramics, polymers, glasses, carbons, and composite
materials intended to interface with biological systems. They are often used to
treat, augment, or replace bodily tissues, organs, or functions. Such materials
are rel i frions and fabrics. materials really parts cut recent
definitions also include living skin and tissues produced in culture.
A biocompatible material is different from a biological material produced by a
biological system, such as bone. Artificial hips, vascular stents, artificial
pacemakers, and catheters are all made of biocompatible materials that
typically have a synthetic origin. An extraordinarily wide range of medical
devices are made from biomaterials. Figure 1 shows some representative
examples of medical devices that use biomaterials.
Finger joint
Breast implant
SHELL:
FILLE
LICONE
GER
Heart valve
silicone rubber
Hip joint
sticones
Artificial heart
polyurethane, meta:
polyes at aunass steel
Intraocular lens (IOL)
poiyimethyl methacıylates
pianium
Figure 1. Biomaterial Applications in Medical Devices
Encompassing elements of medicine, biology, chemistry, and materials science,
biomaterials science has experienced steady and strong growth over its
approximately half-century history.
Although biomaterials are used primarily for medical applications, they are
also used to grow cells in culture, to assay for blood proteins in the clinical
vi
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 7 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2778, "method": "ocr", "page": 7, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED//TOR FPIETAL USŁ ONL*
laboratory, in processing biomolecules in biotechnology, for fertility regulation
implants in cattle, in diagnostic gene arrays, in the aquaculture of oysters, and
for investigational cell-silicon "biochips." The common thread in these
applications is the interaction between biological systems and synthetic or
modified natural materials.
Biomimetic materials, in contrast, are not made by living organisms but have
compositions and properties similar to materials made by living organisms.
For example, the calcium hydroxyapatite coating found on many artificial
hips-used as metal-bone interface cement to make it easier to attach
implants to bone-is similar to the coating found in mollusk shells.
IMPORTANCE OF BIOCOMPATIBILITY
Biocompatibility is an important issue in biomedical implants and sensors. A
material-tissue interaction that results from implanting a foreign object in the
body is a major obstacle to developing stable and long-term implantable
devices and sensors.
The processes that occur when sensors are placed in the complex living
environment of the human body are sometimes known as biofouling. In
biofouling, the physical or chemically sensitive portion of the sensor interface
becomes coated with proteins, blood-formed elements, adherent
immunological cells, and sometimes forms of scar tissue that tend to isolate
the sensor from the rest of the body environment. This response of tissue is a
foreign body reaction to any object introduced in tissue that does not express
surface characteristics that identify it as part of the host tissues.
Experiences of many investigators (more than 600 reported studies since 1996)
with the biocompatibility of biomaterials related to the function of implanted
biosensors have been poor such that many companies have abandoned
implantable sensor devices altogether. Rather, the recent trend in medical
biosensors is toward placing them outside the body. Newer sensors are often
based on optical principles in an effort to obviate the biocompatibility and
biomaterial issues of placing sensors inside the human body.
SCIENCE OF BIOMATERIALS
The study and use of biomaterials bring together researchers from diverse
academic backgrounds who must communicate clearly. Professions that
intersect in the development, study, and application of biomaterials include
bioengineer, chemist, chemical engineer, electrical engineer, mechanical
engineer, materials scientist, biologist, microbiologist, physician, veterinarian,
ethicist, nurse, lawyer, regulatory specialist, and venture capitalist.
The number of medical devices used each year in humans is very large. Figure
2 estimates usage for common devices, all of which employ biomaterials.
vil
UNCLASSIFIED AFOR OFFISIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 8 =====
{"alpha_words": 194, "chars": 1401, "method": "ocr", "page": 8, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED /YFOR OFFICIAL VEE ONLY
Numbers of Medical Devices/yr. Worldwid
intraocular lens
contact lens
vascular graft
hip and knee prostheses
7,000,000
400,000
1,000,000
catheter
heart valve
stent (cardiovascular)
>2,000,000
breast implant
300,000
dental implant
500,000
pacemaker
200,000
renal dialyzer
25,000,000
lett ventricular assist devices
100,000
Millions of lives saved. The quality of life improved for millions more.
A $100 billion industry
Figure 2. Common Medical Devices That Use Biomaterials
The development of biomaterials is the junction of materials science and
chemistry. Medical devices may be composed of a single biomaterial or a
combination of several materials. A heart valve might be fabricated from
polymers, metals, and carbons. A hip joint might be fabricated from metals
and polymers (and sometimes ceramics) and will be interfaced to the body
through a polymeric bone cement.
Biomaterials by themselves do not make a useful clinical therapy but rather
have to be fabricated into devices. This is typically an engineer's role, but the
engineer might work closely with synthetic chemists to optimize material
roperties and with physicians to ensure the device is useful in clinica
pplications
Biomaterials must be compatible with the body, and there are often issues
same very singen scary regur mane a chose of her his eat ted
vili
UNCLASSIFIED/+FOR OFFISIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 9 =====
{"alpha_words": 387, "chars": 2707, "method": "ocr", "page": 9, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED HFOR OFFICIAL UGE ONLY
Biomaterials for Biosensors
Implantable biosensors for the human body place some of the greatest functional
demands on biomaterials. Biosensors monitor the physiologic state of tissues for
medical therapeutics or for assessing human performance. Sensors for glucose, oxygen,
blood pH, adrenal hormones, nervous activity, heart performance, and blood pressure
monitors are all of interest.
Blood biochemistry sensors are the most difficult sensors to keep functioning over time
primarily because the sensor interface materials provoke low-level foreign-body
reactions in tissues. These types of responses are not specifically important to
implantable devices that have structural rather than sensing functions, such as heart
valves, but they can completely render a biosensor for blood glucose, for example,
useless after a few days.
Chemically sensitive biosensor interfaces to tissue and body environments employ
membranes in an effort to protect the biosensor active-sensing surface from possible
body reactions. The membrane allows small molecules of interest to pass through its
pores while excluding larger proteins, blood-formed elements, and cells like
macrophages that would engulf the sensor.
The membrane's biomaterial composition, pore size, and long-term physical integrity
are critical components in the functioning of the sensor. If the biomaterial chosen
retards the adhesion of proteins and does not provoke a biological response, then this
improves sensor longevity. Figure 3 shows some representative biomembranes.
No one biomaterial is best for all
sensor applications, primarily because
different biomaterials behave
differently relative to the substance
being sensed. Membranes that pass
glucose, for example, may not pass
oxygen that is needed for a sensor to
function. Membrane biofouling starts
immediately upon contact of the
sensor with the body cells. Proteins
and other biological components
adhere to the sensor surface, and in
some cases, impregnate the pores of
the material. This process retards
diffusion of the molecules of interest
to the sensor surface and either slows
the sensor's response to changes in
concentration or reduces the overall
response to the point where the
sensor falls out of calibration.
Figure 3. Biomaterials Such as Polycarbonates,
Cellulose, and Silicones Used in Membranes for
Sensors, Dialyzers, and Oxygenators
The design of sensor membrane materials has been found to be critically dependent on
subtle features of the membrane's chemistry, material thickness, and porosity, as well
as, more generally, where in the human body the sensor is located. The blood stream is
1
UNCLASSIFIED «FOR OFFIGIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 10 =====
{"alpha_words": 248, "chars": 1818, "method": "ocr", "page": 10, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/†FOR OFF*ETAL USL ONLY
the most hostile location both for sensor performance and in terms of the potential for
danger to the patient through the provocation of blood clotting.
The most successful biomembrane materials have been porous forms of Teflon,
polyurethanes, and cellulose-based materials such as cellulose acetate. As important as
the material composition is for sensors, so are aspects of a membrane's structure and
mechanical properties, such as its ability resist abrasion and adhere to sensor surfaces.
Biomaterials for Biomedicine
In this review, we look at representative biomaterials as well as representative
applications. These biomaterials are among the most popular of those used in medicine
today, and the applications in some cases represent multibillion-dollar-a-year markets.
Some of the best known of the biomaterials are:
• Silicone
• Teflon
• Biodegradable polymers
• Hydrogels
• Titanium alloys
• Ceramics
• Tissue constructs
Some of the largest applications are:
• Cardiovascular - stents, synthetic blood vessels,
heart valves
• Hip and knee joints
• Contact lenses
• Drug delivery devices
• Kidney dialysis
BIOMEDICAL SILICONES- POLYDIMETHYLSILOXANES
Perhaps the most well known of all biomaterials are the silicones-soft, pliable, and
semitransparent materials that are used in many different applications in modern
society, ranging from water sealants to fibrous insulations.
Silicone is often mistakenly called "silicon." Although silicones contain silicon atoms,
they are an organic material of greater complexity and are not made up exclusively of
silicon. Silicone is used in an exceptionally large number of biomedical applications. It is
blood compatible, sterilizable, rugged, and strong but flexible. Its mechanical properties
2
UNCLASSIFIED/HEOD-OFFICIALUSE-DALK

===== PAGE 11 =====
{"alpha_words": 152, "chars": 1135, "method": "ocr", "page": 11, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/TOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
can be tailored to varying degrees of hardness and strength for stiffness in catheter
applications.
Biomedical silicones attracted notoriety in 1995 when a class-action lawsuit against
Dow Corning, Inc., brought a huge settlement resulting from the supposed dangers of
silicone breast implants.
After reviewing years of evidence and research concerning silicone gel-filled breast
implants, the national Institute of Medicine found that "evidence suggests diseases or
conditions such as connective tissue diseases, cancer, neurological diseases or other
systemic complaints or conditions are no more common in women with breast implants
than in women without implants." Dow moved out of the medical silicone business and
has since been replaced by an array of smaller companies offering specialized silicone
products.
Figure 4 shows the present form of silicone used for reconstructive surgery following a
mastectomy, particularly after breast cancer in women.
" 1
Figure 4. Photograph of Silicone (polydimethyllsiloxane) Biomedical Implants Used in Breast
Reconstructive Surgery
3
UNCLASSIFIED AfFOR

===== PAGE 12 =====
{"alpha_words": 307, "chars": 2177, "method": "ocr", "page": 12, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED /AFOR AF
TAL USE ONLY
SILICONE CHEMISTRY
Silicone is actually a common name
for the chemical compound
polydimethylsiloxane (PDMS), a class
ot synthetic polymers with repeating
units of silicon and oxygen. Figure 5
shows the polymeric repeating
structure of medical silicones. Various
functional groups-often methyl-can
be attached to that backbone to
change the material properties.
Silicone polymers can easily be
transformed into linear or cross-
linking materials without using any
toxic plasticizers. The resulting
materials are elastic at body
temperature.
CHa
- 0-
Si
CHa
77.
The simultaneous presence of
Figure 5, Silicone Chemical Groups
different groups attached to the
silicon-oxygen backbone gives silicones a range of viscous and mechanical properties
chat allow their use as tluids, emulsions, compounds, resins, and elastomers ir
numerous applications. Thus, silicone is a versatile polymer, although its use is often
limited by its relatively poor mechanical strength. However, this limitation can be
overcome by reinforcing silicone with a silica filler or by chemically modifying the
backbone.
The stability, lack of toxicity, and excellent biocompatibility of PDMS make these
materials well suited for use in personal care, pharmaceutical, and medical device
applications. Silicone is easily molded and cast using room temperature curing (known
as RTV) or through the use of an organic catalyst.
SILICONE IN BIOMEDICAL PRODUCTS
Silicone membranes are made by casting the silicone liquid precursor into thin sheets.
Such membranes are often used in oxygen and carbon dioxide blood biosensors
because membranes made of this material are highly transmissive to these gases while
they block most other chemical substances present in the blood stream. In addition,
silicone's resistance to protein adhesion and its excellent overall biocompatibility make
it one of the most commonly used materials for encapsulating biosensors for tissue or
blood contact.
Recent formulations of silicone can be patterned with ultraviolet light and, thus, lend
themselves to manufacture with biosensors made by photolithography.
4
UNCLASSIFIED+/I
OR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 13 =====
{"alpha_words": 116, "chars": 809, "method": "ocr", "page": 13, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED /POR
FOAM-CUFF-TRACHESTOMY TUBE
L USE ONLY
Figure 6. Silicone Tracheostomy Tube
Figure 6 is a representative example of silicone-based medical products involving tubes
or catheters. A tracheostomy tube, or "trach tube," is a 2- to 3-inch-long curved metal
or plastic tube placed in a surgically created opening (tracheostomy) in the windpipe to
keep it open. Versions of these products are used in cases where patients have
difficulty breathing on their own, such as in a spinal cord injury.
A product known as Mepiforry™ is an example of silicone use in a sheet form for the
management of scars, particularly keloid scars. Figure 7 shows this product.
-
5
Figure 7. Silicone Sheets Used Under the Skin as a Physical Supporting Layer for Repair of Scar Tissue
UNCLASSIFIED /FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 14 =====
{"alpha_words": 227, "chars": 1504, "method": "ocr", "page": 14, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/«FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY
TEFLON
Biomedical materials must be inert to the complex chemistry of biological fluids so they
neither suffer nor instigate change in tissue. Teflon™ admirably fulfills these
requirements. Teflon is a trade name for polytetrafluoroethylene (PTFE), a
fluorocarbon-based polymer. It is made by free radical polymerization of
tetrafluoroethylene and has a carbon backbone chain in which each carbon has two
fluorine atoms attached to it.
This polymer is hydrophobic (water hating), biologically inert, and nonbiodegradable
and also has low friction characteristics and excellent "slipperiness." The chemical
nertness (stability) of PTFE is related to the strength of the fluorine-carbon bond tha
lakes it resistant to adhesion. Figure 8 shows the structure of this material. It is a lon
chain of repeating chemical units, as shown in the right of the figure.
do to fit
F
F
Figure 8. Teflon Structure
Goretex® is a medical form of Teflon (PTFE) that, when stretched and extruded,
entraps air cells in its microstructure much like foam does and, thus, is relatively soft
and repellant to most liquids. This material is known as e-PTFE (expanded PTFE).
PTFE can be fabricated in many forms, including pastes, tubes, strands, and sheets,
hile ePTFE can be woven into a porous, fabric-like mesh. When implanted in the body
his strong mesh allows tissue to grow into its pores, making it ideal for medical device
such as vascular grafts.
6
UNCLASSIFIED/FOR OFFICIAL LISE ONLY

===== PAGE 15 =====
{"alpha_words": 315, "chars": 2171, "method": "ocr", "page": 15, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED /FOR-OT
SE BRILY
Preformed ePTFE subcutaneous
implant materials have been used to
improve facial reconstruction and
cosmetic surgery outcomes. Figure 9
is a manufacturer's product
information showing the utility of
using ePTFE in cosmetic surgery.
BEFORE
AFTER
PTFE has relatively low wear
BEFORE
AFTER
resistance, but under compression or
in situations where rubbing or
abrasion can occur, it can produce
wear particles. These can result in a
chronic inflammatory reaction, an
undesirable outcome. For a given
application, the biomaterials engineer
must consider many aspects of the
physical and biological properties of
the materials. Thus, although PTFE is
highly inert in the body, applying it in
Figure 9. Expanded PTFE (Gore-Tex or ePTFE) Used in
Lip Implants. This is a synthetic implant that has been
used in the face and body for many years. The main
advantage is that it is not absorbed over time and the
results are permanent.
the wrong circumstances (for
example, to a device that is under
compression or exposed to wear) may lead to a reaction that no longer qualifies as
"biocompatible."
BIODEGRADABLE POLYMERS
Biodegradable polymers are an
important and relatively large
category of biomaterials that are used
extensively in the medical and food
industries. In the latter, they are used
as food wrappings and other
packaging derived from natural food
substances that slowly degrade-by
evaporation into water vapor and
carbon dioxide-when exposed to the
sun and outdoor environments, thus
minimizing waste disposal. Figure 10
shows a complex shape made from
polylactide (PLA), a biodegradable
polymer.
Biodegradable polymers can be either
Figure 10, Biodegradable Polymers. Polymers such as
natural or synthetic. In general,
PLA are much like conventional plastics and, as such, have
synthetic polymers offer greater
qualities of clarity, flexibility, and strength.
advantages than do natural materials in that they can be tailored to give a wider range
of properties and more predictable lot-to-lot uniformity than can materials from natural
sources, Synthetic polymers also represent a more reliable source of raw materials—
7
UNCLASSIFIED+y

===== PAGE 16 =====
{"alpha_words": 450, "chars": 3108, "method": "ocr", "page": 16, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/TrOR OFFTELAL USE ONLY
one free from concerns of immunogenicity. These polymers can be optically clear,
exhibit good flexibility, and have strength comparable to that of many plastics.
BIODEGRADATION ADVANTAGES
In the human body, biodegradable polymers have good compatibility but also
decompose to harmless materials and over time dissolve altogether. Biodegradable
polymers undergo a chemical hydrolysis in the salty and wet environment of tissues by
way of a labile chemical backbone of the polymer. The degradation starts immediately
upon water exposure and occurs in two steps.
In the first step, the material thoroughly hydrates, and the water attacks the polymer
chains, converting long chains into shorter, water-soluble fragments. The desirable
aspect of this process is a reduction in molecular weight without a loss in physical
properties, since the device matrix is still held together, even with the shorter chains.
In the second step, the shorter polymer chains are attacked by enzymes that are
naturally present in tissues. Basically, a metabolization of the fragments by the body
tissues results in a rapid loss of polymer mass, what is referred to as bulk erosion. All
the commercially available synthetic devices and sutures degrade by bulk erosion.
DEGRADABLE BIOMATERIALS
Different biodegradable polymers have different lifetimes in tissues, ranging from a few
days to years. Combining two different biopolymers-for example, short-lived (days)
PLA (polylactide) and longer lived (months) PGA (polyglycolide) - reveals that polymers
can be produced with intermediate decomposition times. Thus, their decay times can be
custom determined through their formulation.
Biodegradable polymers fulfill a physician's desire to have an implanted device that will
not require a second surgical intervention for removal, which is desirable in many
applications. In orthopedic applications, for example, a fractured bone that has been
fixated with a rigid, nonbiodegradable stainless implant has a tendency for refracture
upon removal of the implant, making removal undesirable. This refracturing resuits
from the offloading of the stress on the bone by the stainless steel support because the
bone has not carried a sufficient load during the healing process. However, a fixation
system prepared from a biodegradable polymer can be engineered to degrade at a rate
hat will slowly transfer the load to the healing bone, thereby avoiding the risk of
refracture and eliminating the need to remove the implant.
POLYLACTIC ACID AND POLYGLYCOLIC ACID
Polylactic acid (PLA), polyglycolic acid (PGA), and their copolymers are the most widely
used of the biodegradable polymers. These materials, when exposed to the sun and
weather, will degrade into water and carbon dioxide and essentially vanish, given
sufficient time.
In the human body, combinations of PLA and PGA are used to control the longevity of a
material by controlling its degradation rate when exposed to tissues. The degradation
products in the human body are also water and carbon dioxide.
8
UNCLASSIFIED+ FOR OFFICIAL USE ONLY.

===== PAGE 17 =====
{"alpha_words": 288, "chars": 2002, "method": "ocr", "page": 17, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/«F
OR DEE
PLA, or polylactide, is a thermoplastic,
long-chained organic material derived
from renewable resources, such as
corn starch (in the United States) or
sugarcanes (in the rest of the world).
PLA has been recognized for more
than a century and is of commercial
interest primarily because of its
biomedical applications. Figure 11
shows the chemical structure of PLA.
These materials are popular because
they have already been used in many
approved medical implant devices and
have been shown to be safe, nontoxic,
and biocompatible. They have been
used in the development of several
commercially available medical
Figure 11. Structure of Polylactic Acid (a
products, including sutures, tissue
Biodegradable Polymer)
screws and tacks, guided tissue-regeneration membranes for dentistry, internal bone-
fixation devices, microspheres for implantable drug delivery systems, and meniscus and
cartilage repair systems.
These polymers can potentially be
used in the design of vascular and
urological stents and skin substitutes.
This is possible through the
manipulation of the polymer
characteristics of these materials,
such as their three-dimensional
architecture, their mechanical and
structural integrity, and their
biodegradability. The materials can
also be used as scaffolds for tissue
engineering and for tissue
reconstruction.
The Clear Choice
A medical application of these
materials in thin-sheet form is their
placement as a thin barrier layer that
prevents entry of debris into wounds
and as an underlayer to the skin and
body tissue. Figure 12 is an artist's
conception of a layer of PLA polymer
being placed over the heart after
open-heart surgery.
Protection in case there is a re-operation...
Figure 12. Biodegradable PLA as an Antiadhesion
Barrier after Open-Heart Surgery
The PLA sheet acts as a barrier and spacer to prevent the healing heart wall from
growing an attachment to the chest wall and from forming adhesions onto the overlying
9
UNCLASSIFIED /*
B9L GHET

===== PAGE 18 =====
{"alpha_words": 275, "chars": 1858, "method": "ocr", "page": 18, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/TROR
NEY
tissues. The barrier remains in place only for a week or so during the healing process
before biodegrading so no foreign body is left inside of the body.
POLYETHYLENE GLYCOL OR
POLYETHYLENE OXIDE
Polyethylene glycol (PEG) is a widely
used material in biomedicine,
pharmaceuticals, cosmetics, and
agriculture. Its chemical compatibility,
water solubility, nontoxicity,
biocompatibility, and multiple physical
states allow it be used as coatings and
in solid form to create surfaces that
are very acceptable to biology. Figure
13 shows the marketing of PEG to
broad markets that include
biodegradable polymers.
PLA/PEG
One of PEG's major applications is in
the creation of "nonfouling" surfaces
when exposed to blood or biological
environments. The nonfouling, or cell-
and protein-resistant, properties of
surfaces containing PEG are due to the
material's highly hydrated state.
Figure 13. Biodegradable Polymers Based on
Copolymers of Polylactic Acid and Polyethylene Glycol
PEG is used in drug delivery systems
to improve the solubility of drugs and to help stabilize immunogenic or unstable protein
drugs. This can enhance the circulation times and stabilities of drugs in the body.
HYDROGELS
Hydrogels are liquid or semisolid
materials that have a strong affinity
for water. Poly(hydraxyethyl
methacrylic) acid, or poly(HEMA), is
one of the most important hydrogels
in the biomaterials world because it
has many advantages over other
hydrogels. These include a water
content similar to living tissue,
inertness to biological processes,
resistance to degradation,
permeability to metabolites, and
resistance to absorption by the body.
di
Poly(HEMA) can easily be
manufactured into many shapes and
forms and be easily sterilized. This is
Figure 14. Dots of Hydrogel
due to its structure, which is
10
UNCLASSIFIED/LEAR OFICIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 19 =====
{"alpha_words": 386, "chars": 2523, "method": "ocr", "page": 19, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/+re
composed of long-chain molecules crosslinked to one another to create many small
empty spaces that can absorb water or other liquids like a sponge. Hydrogels can be
extruded into nearly any shape. Figure 14 shows them as small dots.
If the spaces are filled with a drug, the hydrogel can dispense the drug gradually as the
structure biodegrades. Hydrogels are also used for tissue engineering and tissue repair,
where the spaces in the gel might be filled with stem cells, tissue-growth factors, or a
combination of the two.
Hydrogels are cross-linked polymer networks that are insoluble in body fluids but are
able to swell and often have a water content of up to 90 percent. These can be formed
by crosslinking one or several types of monomer units into a network, forming a
homopolymer, copolymer, or multipolymer. With the incorporation of different
monomers, gels with wide-ranging chemical and physical properties can be formed. The
gels can be neutral or charged, soft or stiff, strong or brittle. Hydrogels are routinely
used for biomedical and pharmaceutical applications such as drug release, artificial
tendons, wound-healing bioadhesives, artificial kidney membranes, artificial skin, and
contact lenses.
TITANIUM - HIP AND KNEE JOINTS
Titanium-based hip and knee implants are quite successful and are among the most
common orthopedic procedures. When a hip replacement is performed, the arthritic,
damaged hip joint is removed. The ball-and-socket hip joint is then replaced with an
artificial implant.
Hip implants often show no visible
sign of their existence in either
walking gait or functionality. In adults,
they can last a lifetime. Knee implants
are also known to be successful.
Figure 15 shows an assortment of
titanium hip joint assemblies. The
long shaft part of the device fills a
drilled hole in the long bone of the
femur.
BIOCERAMICS
Ceramic materials are sometimes
used directly or modified for use in
applications in the human body and,
Figure 15. Various Titanium Components Used in Hip
Joint Replacement
so, become known as bioceramics.
The most common applications are in bone repair, dentistry, and the use of ceramics in
hip and knee joint replacements, where their exceptional hardness can be put to
advantage in wear joints.
Bioceramics range in biocompatibility from the ceramic oxides, which are inert in the
body, to the other extreme of resorbable materials, which are eventually replaced by
the materials they were used to repair.
11
UNCLASSIFIED /l
BLAt
Yes Outt

===== PAGE 20 =====
{"alpha_words": 267, "chars": 1942, "method": "ocr", "page": 20, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED--FOr
Two common ceramics used in
dentistry and hip prostheses are
alumina and hydroxyapatite (HA). HA
is a major component of the inorganic
compartment of bone. Commercially
prepared HA is processed using a
technique of phosphoric acid and
hydrothermal exchange that produces
a porous, "bone-like" morphology in
the resulting structure. Figure 16
shows this result. When implanted
into bone defects, HA supports bone
growth through the pores and, thus,
becomes an intermediate scaffold, as
well as an eventual support matrix.
21
Hydroxyapatite composites have been
successfully used to repair,
reconstruct, and replace diseased or
damaged body parts, especially bone.
They have been used in vertebral
prostheses, intervertebral spacers,
bone grafting, middle-ear bone
replacements, and jawbone repair.
Figure 16. Hydroxyapatite Porous Bone-Like Structure
After Commercial Processing
Aluminum oxide, or alumina (Al203), has been used in orthopedic surgery for more than
20 years as the joint surface in total hip prostheses because of its exceptionally low
coefficient of friction and minimal wear rates. Alumina has excellent corrosion
resistance, good biocompatibility, high strength, and high wear resistance, making it
ideal for orthopedic applications.
Other bioceramics include coral
skeletons, which can be transformed
into hydroxyapatite by high
temperatures. Their porous structure
allows relatively rapid ingrowth of
living cells at the expense of initial
mechanical strength. The high
temperature also burns away any
organic molecules, such as proteins,
preventing graft-versus-host disease
and rejection.
Bioceramics made from a calcium
phosphate material containing tiny
pores have been used to coat metal
joint implants or as unloaded space
fillers for bone ingrowth. Tissue
ingrowth into the pores occurs, with
Figure 17. Bioceramic Used in Artificial Hip
Replacement Component
12
UNCLASSIFIED /FOR OFI
AL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 21 =====
{"alpha_words": 426, "chars": 2904, "method": "ocr", "page": 21, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED+ Fet
HELAL USE ONLY
an increase in the interfacial area between the implant and the tissues. This tissue
ingrowth results in an increased resistance to device movement within the tissue. As in
natural bone, proteins adsorb to the calcium phosphate surface to provide the critical
intervening layer through which the bone cells interact with the implanted biomaterial.
Figure 17 shows an example of this.
DENTAL CERAMICS
Dental ceramics are a major subclass of biomaterials. Porcelains are hard ceramic
materials that are based on a glass of silica and alumina, with fluxes used to lower their
fusion temperature. Dental porcelains can have a hardness that exceeds that of the
enamel of natural teeth, but they are often more brittle and more likely to fracture.
They also do not have the same optical properties, thermal conductivity, or natural
fluorescence as biological materials.
Full-porcelain (ceramic) dental materials include porcelain, ceramic, or glasslike fillings
and crowns (a metal-free option known as a jacket crown). They are used as inlays,
onlays, crowns, and aesthetic veneers. A veneer is a very thin shell of porcelain that
can replace or partially cover tooth enamel. Full-porcelain (ceramic) restorations are
particularly desirable because their color and translucency mimic natural tooth enamel.
Zirconium oxide is a very strong and refractory material that has recently appeared as
a dental material. With a three-point bending strength exceeding 900 megapascals,
zirconium oxide is expected to be applicable to many new applications in dentistry,
including bridges, implant suprastructures, and root dowel pins.
Casting the shape of a broken tooth
into a natural shape or one that
resembles the fragment of the broken
tooth is greatly facilitated by the use
of computerized CAD/CAM
technologies. These technologies are
used to make molds for the casting of
dental ceramics. Figure 18 illustrates
natural-looking teeth made from
dental porcelains defined by a
computer-generated mold.
TISSUE CONSTRUCTS AS
BIOMATERIALS
Figure 18. Computer-Based Sculpted Ceramic Teeth
Living tissues are sometimes considered biomaterials if they have been cultured prior to
application to the human body or utilized much the same way as a synthetic material
would be utilized. The formation of living tissues into constructs is sometimes called
tissue engineering. This is a bit of a misnomer in that it is an advanced form of cell
culture and cellular biology and has little in common with engineering in the classical
sense of application of mathematics and physics to problems.
Rather, tissue engineering is the application of biological and cell culturing techniques
to encourage the growth of tissues in certain ways and in the development of viable
substitutes that restore and maintain the function of human tissues. This is a form of
13
UNCLASSIFIED /LEAR OFFIGIAL USE ONLT

===== PAGE 22 =====
{"alpha_words": 307, "chars": 2121, "method": "ocr", "page": 22, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED /FOR O
CHAL USE ONLY
medical therapeutics and differs from standard drug therapy or permanent implants in
that the culture becomes integrated within the patient, affording a potentially
permanent and specific cure of the disease state.
There are many approaches to tissue engineering, but all involve one or more of the
following key ingredients: harvested cells, introduction of specialized signaling
molecules, and three-dimensional matrices.
The approach involves seeding highly porous biodegradable matrices (or scaffolds) in
the shape of the desired bone or tissue, with cells and signaling molecules (for
example, protein growth factors), then culturing and implanting the scaffolds into the
defect to induce and direct the growth of new bone or tissue. The goal is for the cells to
attach to the scaffold, multiply, differentiate (that is, transform from a nonspecific or
primitive state into cells exhibiting the specific functions), and organize into normal,
healthy tissue as the scaffold degrades. The signaling molecules can be adhered to the
scaffold or incorporated directly into the scaffold material. Figure 19 illustrates the
sequence of steps in this process.
Cells
signaling
molecules
→
→
3D matrix
Culture
Implant
Figure 19. Scaffold-Guided Tissue Regeneration
Healty
bone
Perhaps the biggest challenge for tissue engineering is how to ensure angiogenesis in a
timely rashion within the scaffold construct; without a blood supply, cells will die, and
mass infection will occur.
In biology, "autologous" refers to cells, tissues, or even proteins that are reimplanted
into the same individual they were taken from. Bone marrow, skin biopsy, cartilage,
and bone can be used as autografts. In contrast, cells or tissues transplanted from a
different individual are referred to as allogeneic, homologous, or an allograft.
TISSUE SCAFFOLD BIOMATERIALS
An intriguing idea in tissue engineering is the use of biodegradable polymers as a
scaffold for growing tissues of a certain defined shape-for example, the cartilage of an
ear pinna lost in an accident.
14
UNCLASSIFIED/FOR OFFICIAL UGE ONLY

===== PAGE 23 =====
{"alpha_words": 325, "chars": 2214, "method": "ocr", "page": 23, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/«F@
SAL USE ONLY
Biodegradable polymers have been used with computer-based rapid prototyping
machines to form porous shapes where tissue cells can ingrow. The result after many
weeks of submersion in tissue culture is that the polymer slowly degrades, leaving the
cultured tissue in the shape of the predefined scaffold. Although this approach cannot
grow complex organs, like a heart or kidney, that have many different tissues, it can be
used to create simple structures of cell products-for example, of cartilage excreted by
fibroblast cells. These structures do not create their own networks of blood vessels, a
problem whose solution lies in the future.
Figure 20 shows CSLA (Crosslinkable Star Lactide-co-Glycolide), a biodegradable
polymer deposited into a honeycomb structure by a process not unlike ink-jet printing.
The ink-jet pen is supplied with a hot liquid form of the CSLA polymer, which then
hardens when it cools and is exposed to the air. Using a computer to rewrite successive
layers on top of one another, a three-dimensional structure is built.
Figure 20. Biodegradable Material CSLG Deposited in a Honeycomb Structure to Allow Infiltration by
Living Cells While in a Submerged Cell Culture
CARDIOVASCULAR BIOMATERIALS
Biomaterials are often made into medical devices rather than being sold in raw form.
Among the largest and most demanding of all biomaterial applications are devices that
come into direct contact with blood. In general, various derivatives of Teflon and
silicone are the most widely used for blood contact, while metals and ceramics are more
often used in tissues.
Cardiovascular (heart and blood vessel) applications are one of the most important
categories of implant biomaterials. Biomaterials for cardiovascular applications are
usually prepared using polymers, because polymers are available in a wide variety of
compositions with adequate physical and mechanical properties and can easily be
manufactured into products with the desired shape. In addition, some metals and
ceramics are used in the blood stream. Figure 21 lists some of the common
cardiovascular devices and how long they are in contact with blood.
15
UNCLASSIFIED / LEOR DEFICIAL USE ONL

===== PAGE 24 =====
{"alpha_words": 158, "chars": 1136, "method": "ocr", "page": 24, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/†FOR OFFIGIAL UGE ONLY
Medical Devices Used in the Bloodstream
Blood contact time
Catheters
Guidewires
Min-days
Min-hrs
Sensors
Min-months
Pacemaker
10yrs
Vascular Graft
lifetime
Heart Valve
lifetime
Stent
lifetime
Extracorporeal Oxygenation
hrs
Artificial Kidney (hemodialyzer)
hrs
Total Artificial Heart
10 yrs
Left Ventricular Assist Device (LVAD) Days-yrs
Figure 21, Some of the More Popular Biomedical Devices and Duration of Their Blood Contact
Biomaterials are used as vascular grafts for artery replacements in which they are
connected (grafted) onto natural blood vessels at both ends. When arteries, particularly
the coronary arteries and the vessels of the lower limbs, become blocked by fatty
deposits (atherosclerosis), segments in some cases can be replaced with grafts. Figure
22 shows commercial vascular grafts made by Gore Medical (Flagstaff, Arizona, USA).
Figure 22. Gore Medical Teflon Foam Used in Vascular Grafts. These are artificial blood vessels used to
replace blood vessels in the human body damaged by accident, atherothrosclerosis, or diabetic vascular disease.
16
UNCLASSIFIED/TOR-O
USE ONLY

===== PAGE 25 =====
{"alpha_words": 255, "chars": 1699, "method": "ocr", "page": 25, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/-BR
USE ONLY
A problem most materials cause when in blood contact is that they trigger the rapid
formation of thrombus (an aggregation of blood cells). The formation of a thrombus is
dangerous, as the thrombus could either adhere to the surface of the biomaterial or be
detached. If a thrombus is detached, it can travel in the blood stream and occlude
smaller vessels in the brain (called a stroke) or lungs (called an embolism). Some
small-diameter vascular grafts (< 5-millimeter internal diameter) and prostheses for
reconstruction of diseased veins are "safe" only when anticoagulant drugs are used.
In addition to thrombus formation, biomaterials can become colonized with infection-
causing bacteria. Some microorganisms found in hospitals are extremely resistant to
antibiotic therapy, and infections cannot be fully resolved until the biomaterial is
removed. This is particularly a problem with hip and knee implants, where there is poor
blood flow near the joint and the body's immune system has limited access. Methicillin-
resistant staphylococcus aureus infections are dangerous in these situations.
The high tolerance of the body for woven and formed Teflon allows it to be used as a
flexible patch material for other blood-contacting surfaces, in addition to blood vessels.
For example, Gore, Inc., makes a Teflon-based material that is used to patch holes in
the heart of infants born with atrial septal defects. Figure 23 is an artist's conception of
how the patch is inserted into the hole in the atrial wall using a catheter.
Figure 23. Illustration of Treatment of an Atrial Septal Defect Using a Teflon-Based Product
Manufactured by Gore, Inc.
17
UNCLASSIFIED A'Fi

===== PAGE 26 =====
{"alpha_words": 345, "chars": 2127, "method": "ocr", "page": 26, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED AIFE
USE ONLY
Heart valves are another application
of biomaterials in which the materials
are in direct contact with blood. They
are typically constructed using a form
of stainless steel and woven Teflon (or
Dacron) as a suture ring to anchor the
device. Figure 24 shows one of these
devices.
STENT BIOMATERIALS
1.
A stent is a metal mesh tube that
looks something like a Chinese finger
puzzle and is used to prop open a
clogged artery. These are delivered to
the heart in a catheter on the end of a
wire usually inserted into an artery in
the groin.
The stent is collapsed to a small
Figure 24, Stainless Steel and Teflon Bjork Shiley
Heart Valve
diameter and placed over a balloon
catheter. It is then surgically moved into the area of the blockage. When the balloon is
inflated, the stent expands, locks into place, and forms a scaffold that holds the artery
open. Figure 25 shows an artist's conception of this process.
The stent stays in the artery
permanently, holds it open, improves
blood flow to the heart muscle, and
relieves symptoms (usually chest
pain). Within a few weeks after the
stent was placed, the inside lining of
the artery (the endothelium) grows
over the metal surface of the stent.
Dilated balloon
catheter
and stent
Stent deployed
Stents are often made from a form of
stainless steel that is ductile enough
to be expanded by a balloon and then
resist closure forces of the vessel wall
after the balloon is removed.
The insertion and use of the balloon to
expand the stent involves some
hazards that can be overcome if the
stent is made from a self-expanding
Plaque
Figure 25. Illustration of Stent Placement. The stent is
used to expand the luminal opening of a clogged blood
vessel.
metal called Nitinol™. With a nitinol
stent, the stent is placed into the body collapsed while it is held cold by a flow of
refrigerated saline through the catheter. When allowed to heat up to body temperature
by shutting off the cold water to the catheter, the stent expands and more reproducibly
applies a calibrated amount of pressure to the blood vessel walls.
18
UNCLASSIFIED/*FOR OFFYGIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 27 =====
{"alpha_words": 325, "chars": 2119, "method": "ocr", "page": 27, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/#FOR OFFIflAŁ WEE 8NL*
NITINOL AS A BIOMATERIAL
The use of nitinol metal in stents is a clever application of the properties of a class of
materials called shape memory alloys (SMAS), SMAs are mixtures of metals that, after
being stress treated, can be deformed significantly but then triggered to return to their
original shape.
SMAs have a rather remarkable
property: they remember their shape.
This "smart" property is the result of
the substance's ability to undergo a
phase change. This occurs at the
atomic level, where atoms in the solid
subtly shift their positions in response
to a stimulus, such as a change in
temperature or the application of
mechanical stress.
!.
Once the metal is formed at a high
temperature it remembers this shape.
Subsequent distortions of the material
when it is cold remain locked in place
while the material remains at a low
temperature. However, warming the
material to a specific temperature that
is relatively closer to its formation
temperature will trigger a return to its
original formed shape.
i..
!*
In stents, the web is collapsed while it
is cold for easy insertion into a blood
vessel and held cold by a flow of cold
saline out of the catheter. When the
stent warms up as the catheter is
removed, it expands itself and the
surrounding blood vessel. Figure 26
shows a Nitinol stent.
" 2
3
Figure 26. Nitinol Stent. Nitinol is an alloy of titanium. It
is biocompatible and also a shape memory materia..
CONTACT LENSES
Contact lenses are used to correct vision in the same way as worn glasses but are
lightweight and virtually invisible. Their practicality and popularity ultimately depend on
the biomaterials of which they are made.
Modern soft contact lenses were invented by Czech chemist Otto Wichterle and his
assistant, Drahoslav Lím who also invented the first gel used for their production.
However, it was not until the employment of poly-methyl-methacrylate, known as
PMMA (a cousin of acrylic plastics, such as Plexiglas™), that they began to enjoy mass
appeal. Figure 27 shows a gas-permeable contact lens.
19
UNCLASSIFIED /YPER OPPYCLAL JISE ONEY

===== PAGE 28 =====
{"alpha_words": 378, "chars": 2488, "method": "ocr", "page": 28, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIEDHFSR
LUSE ONLY
PMMA, however, is not an ideal
contact lens material since no oxygen
is transmitted through the lens to the
conjunctiva and cornea. This can
cause a number of adverse clinical
effects. To solve this problem, a range
of oxygen-permeable but rigid
materials were developed. These
materials, referred to as "rigid gas-
permeable" or "RGP" materials or
lenses, were made by synthetically
adding dimethylsiloxane (a form of
silicone) to acrylate plastics. Silicones
have a very high level of oxygen
transport, and amalgamating them
with plastics adds this quality, while
the acrylics provide strength and
Figure 25. Contact Lens. Modern contact lenses are made
of a mixture of acrylics and silicones that readily pass
hardness. The easy diffusion of
oxygen across silicones is thought to be a result of an intermediate solubility of oxygen
in the gas phase with the gel phase of silicone.
Occasionally, the term "gas permeable" is used to describe RGP lenses, but this is
potentially misleading, as soft lenses are also gas permeable in that they allow oxygen
to move through the lens to the ocular surface.
In 1999, first silicone hydrogels were launched on the contact lens market. These new
materials had the advantage of high oxygen permeability, with the comfort and clinical
performance of the conventional hydrogels that had been used for the previous 30
years. These lenses were initially advocated primarily for extended (overnight) wear,
although more recently, daily (no overnight) wear silicone hydrogel contact lenses have
been launched.
DRUG DELIVERY POLYMERS
One area of biomaterials research is the use of biodegradable materials in the design of
systems for controlled drug delivery. Much of this work is driven by the need for the
slow release of insulin for the control of brittle diabetes. Mechanical insulin delivery
pumps are moderately successful but usually are worn on the outside of the body and
are cumbersome.
The ability to introduce insulin and other drugs in a controlled-release manner using
biopolymers has clear advantages in terms of user convenience. Similarly, the slow
release of other drugs, such as chemotherapeutic agents, is necessary to maintain the
drug in the desired therapeutic range with just a single dose.
The basic strategy with some of these systems is to encapsulate drugs in membranes,
capsules, microcapsules, liposomes, and hollow fibers. Another approach is to disperse
20
UNCLASSIFIED/*FOR OFFICIAL USE-ONLT

===== PAGE 29 =====
{"alpha_words": 260, "chars": 1742, "method": "ocr", "page": 29, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED /THER-OTTIELAL ISE-ONLY
the active agent in a biodegradable polymer, as shown in Figure 28. The polymer host
to the drug dissolves, releasing the drug in a controlled manner over time.
polymer
drug
time - 0
time - t
Figure 26. Schematic Representation of Biodegradable (Bioerodible) Drug Delivery Device
The use of biodegradable materials allows the drug to be introduced without much
concern for the build-up of the polymer carrier. The carrier is eventually absorbed by
the body and, thus, need not be removed surgically.
Drug diffusion through the polymer matrix can also determine the drug dosage rate
without actual loss of the polymer. This rate is determined by the choice of polymer,
the size of its pores, and the rate at which the drug diffuses from the pores.
The three key advantages polymeric drug delivery products can offer are:
• Localized Delivery of Drugs: The polymer-drug combination can be implanted
directly at the site where drug action is needed and, hence, whole-body exposure of
the drug can be reduced. This becomes especially important for toxic drugs, such as
the chemotherapeutic drugs.
• Sustained Delivery of Drugs: Once injected, the encapsulated drug is released over
extended periods, thereby eliminating the need for multiple injections. This feature
can improve patient compliance, especially with drugs for chronic indications that
require frequent injections (such as for deficiency of certain proteins).
• Stabilization of the Drug: The polymer can protect the drug from the physiological
environment and hence improve its stability in vivo. This particular feature makes
this technology attractive for the delivery of labile drugs, such as proteins.
21
UNCLASSIFIED HEAR OF
SIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 30 =====
{"alpha_words": 367, "chars": 2512, "method": "ocr", "page": 30, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/ArGI
HAL USE ONLY
An appropriate selection of the polymer matrix is necessary in order to develop a
successful drug delivery system. The most commonly used polymers for this
application, polylactide (PLA) and poly(lactide-co-glycolide) (PLGA), have been used in
biomedical applications for more than 20 years and are known to be biodegradable,
biocompatible, and nontoxic. A vast amount of literature is available on the
characterization of these polymers and their biodegradation and drug-release
properties.
MEDICAL TITANIUM AS A BIOMATERIAL
Titanium metal has qualities of strength, inertness, and a biological compatibility that
make it desirable as a biomaterial. Essentially all pacemakers, neurostimulators, and
various other implanted medical devices use titanium as a packaging case material.
Titanium metal exposed briefly to the atmosphere oxidizes to form a microscopically
thin layer of titania (titanium oxide). Titania is a hard, adherent, and inert ceramic-like
compound and is thought to be largely responsible for titanium's acceptability in
biomedical applications where metal corrosion in warm, salty body fluids ordinarily
would be a problem.
Titanium is used for its high strength in replacement hip and knee joints. In these
cases, it is important how the metal integrates with living tissue and bone because load
must be transferred from the metal to the bone. Titanium generally does exceedingly
well and is used as the metal of choice in nearly all biomedical applications where high
strength and impact resistance is important.
Titanium has a particular ability among the various metals that might otherwise be
chosen in that it can integrate itself well with living bone. The recognition of this dates
back to 1952, when Swedish Professor Per-Ingvar Brånemark conducted an experiment
in which he studied blood flow in living rabbit bone. The bone was fixed in a roughly
machined titanium holder. At the conclusion of the experiment, after many days, he
found that the bone had integrated so completely with the titanium that removing it
was impossible. He called this osseointegration and saw the possibilities for human use.
Figure 29 shows a photomicrograph of a titanium-bone interface. The close
approximation of the titanium (black) to the tissue is an indicator of a close-metal-
tissue integration. Osseointegration was first implemented in dentistry to fixate teeth. It
is now also is used for head and jaw reconstruction.
22
UNCLASSIFIED/AFOR OFFICIAL LICE ONLY

===== PAGE 31 =====
{"alpha_words": 287, "chars": 1858, "method": "ocr", "page": 31, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED HIFE
USE ONLY
Figure 27. Photomicrograph of Titanium Metal (Appears Black in This Photo) in an Intimate Integration
With Living Bone. The intersection of the two materials shows a thin barrier layer and then healthy tissue very
close to the metal. It does not show inflammation or scar tissue formation.
Optimization of the bone integration with titanium has been much studied over the
years. It has been found that if single cells can nestle into pores on the metal surface
and then can reach out and attach to their neighbors, this forms a particularly good
adhesive interface. This observation has led to new types of surface treatments for
titanium to improve its ability to attach to bone. The need for a particular porosity size
scale for optimal bone integration has only recently been recognized.
Sand blasting of the titanium surface has long been done, but, recently, plasma etching
and pitting with the use of acids have been found effective. Some of the more recent
(2008) innovations have been the use of lasers to create a surface modification by
melting pits.
Another good approach is to coat metal implants with bioactive materials, such as
hydroxyapatite (HA). HA has excellent biocompatibility, bioactivity, and bone-binding
properties. It forms a bond with titania thin films on the surface of titanium implants
and so prepares the surface for adhesion, Researchers recently determined that making
this layer thick (about 1 micron) encourages cell proliferation and bonding.
Recent improvements in HA have included manufacturing it in the form of a spherical
nanopowder that is more acceptable to tissues than are spicule forms of its natural
occurrence. Using HA in the form of a nanopowder stimulates bone formation leading to
a natural, as well as chemical, adhesion, much like glue.
23
UNCLASSIFIED//FOR OFFICIAL USE ONE*

===== PAGE 32 =====
{"alpha_words": 286, "chars": 1901, "method": "ocr", "page": 32, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIED/TOR OrTICIAL USE ONLY
Another recent discovery is that treating the titanium surface with a silane compound
will create a surface chemistry that attracts certain biomaterials known as
proteoglycans. From this point, it is possible to lay down layers of collagen on the
surface from which connective tissues will form.
Titanium metal used for implants is usually a biomedical alloy, Ti-6Al-4V, since
biomedical alloys provide good corrosion resistance and reasonable fatigue life and are
much stiffer than cortical bone. The Ti-6AI-4V alloy is more suitable than is the Co-Cr
alloy for coating with HA because it has less potential proximal stress shielding and
BIOMATERIALS IN DIALYSIS
Medical therapeutic dialysis, often called hemodialysis, is a method of removing uric
acid and other waste products from blood, a necessity when the kidneys fail. It is also
useful in removing exogenous poisons like ethanol, aspirin, barbiturates, and boric acid
from the blood in cases of poisoning.
Hemodialysis accesses the blood stream through the use of two large needles-one in
an artery and one in a vein—in order to flow a patient's blood through a series of hair-
thin, hollow-membrane, tube-like fibers.
A dialyzer is composed of thousands of tube-like hollow fiber strands encased in a clear
plastic cylinder several inches in diameter. Blood flows on the inside of the membrane
fiber, and a dialysate (extraction stream) flows across the outside. Low-molecular-
weight waste products pass out through the membrane, while blood cells and other
large molecules in the blood are retained. Figure 30 shows an illustration (left) and
photograph (right) of dialyzers used to treat kidney failure.
Bood irlet
Meager
Tube sheel
Sciut or
putle!
FiDe's
Sclut or
iler
Figure 28. Illustration (Left) and Photograph (Right) of a Blood Dialyzer as Used in Medicine
24
UNCLASSIFIED/4FOR OFFIGIAL USE ONLY

===== PAGE 33 =====
{"alpha_words": 404, "chars": 2726, "method": "ocr", "page": 33, "variant": "plain-vision"}
UNCLASSIFIEDHFO
SE ONLY
Dialysis works on the principles of
natural diffusion of metabolic waste
products in the blood across a
semipermeable membrane. Waste
products in high concentration in the
blood will diffuse across the
membrane. The membrane allows the
passage of certain-sized molecules
across it but prevents the passage of
other, larger molecules of the blood,
thus helping to get rid of waste
products. Figure 31 illustrates this
idea. The blood cells are kept on the
outside of the membrane (orange)
while waste product solutes (violet
and yellow dots) pass through.
Figure 29. Cuprophane Membrane Passes Blood Waste
Products (Violet and Orange Dots) Through Pores and
Blocks Passage of Red Blood Cells
Advances in bioengineering and in the
technical aspects of dialysis machines have made hemodialysis a safe and effective
procedure.
The design of dialyzers is primarily an exercise in biomaterial selection. Biomembrane
materials play the critical role in cleansing the blood, but they must not damage the
blood or provoke thrombus. The most common biomaterial used in dialyzers is a
semipermeable membrane made of cellulose acetate trade-named Cuprophane™.
Dialyzer membranes come with different pore sizes. Nanotechnology is being used in
some of the most recent high-flux membranes to create a uniform pore size. The goal
of high-flux membranes is to pass relatively large molecules, such as beta-2-
microglobulin (MW 11,600 daltons), but not albumin (MW ~ 66,400 daltons). Dialysis
membrane materials are crucial to the practical performance of medical hemodialysis
systems. These systems/materials support the survival of millions of people in kidney
failure that undergo routine dialysis, usually for several hours during the day and three
to four times a week.
Summary and Recommendations
The performance of biomaterials underlies the success of many medical devices that
must be acceptable to body tissues. These materials often serve critical—perhaps life-
and-death-functions and, so, require large amounts of money and time to rigorously
test. This appears to be the reason the biomedical industry is slow to produce and
accept new materials.
Existing materials for implants are generally based on materials that have been
available for more than 20 years. Biodegradable materials, particularly the polylactide
and glycolide, have a long history of safe and effective use. Building on this solid
foundation, most of the innovation is occurring in devising new ways to embody the
materials and apply them to new applications. Thus, the markets are expanding for
biomaterials, and physicians can look forward to new products that will help speed
patient recovery.
25
UNCLASSIFIED /FOR OFFICIAL USE ONEY
