Case No. 1640 29082021

Date: July 28, 2021.

Approximate Time: 12:39 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Winter.

Witnesses: B. P. Q., 22 years old.

Description: On August 29 and 30, 2021, the informant reported that at 12:39 local time on July 28, 2021, she secretly filmed what she assumed was an OVNI during a trip to New York, United States of North America.

She described the observed object as elongated in shape, black in color, and flying.
He was moving horizontally and very fast. He added that it disappeared in the "air." According to his statement, everything would have lasted "10 seconds" and at that moment there were conditions of a "summer climate."

He concluded his account by stating (sic): "On July 28th, I was traveling in NY, USA, visiting the Statue of Liberty, so I recorded a video. Upon returning to Chile and showing these images to my family, we noticed flying objects that, when zoomed in, are visible, moving at..."
"at a very high speed. We took screenshots of this video and edited the
image with a program to see the clearer image and it shows a strange figure
and two smaller ones, we believe they are UFOs."
Figure 1 shows the first frame of the original video included in the detail of the edited image to enhance the details reported. This is the dark trace on the top left side.

Figure 1
From the footage, 385 frames were extracted and studied, confirming that
The information is visible in the first frame (Figure 2) even though it is present in the following frames.

                                   Figure 2
From the above, it is estimated that the alteration produced by the software used to attempt to improve the visibility of what was captured totally changed not only the silhouette but also the surface and coloration of the originally recorded image. The algorithm used created an object from which further work was done.
The interpretations that led to the report. Therefore, what can be interpreted from those altered images does not necessarily relate to a long, dark object with the ability to fly without visible propulsion.

What was reported? The analysis of every single frame identified the presence of three flying objects, located at different distances from the camera. The patterns of their movements are characteristic of insects. Figure 3 is a composition showing their movements in the first 34
Frames. The reported information is marked with an orange circle.

Figure 3

Since this occurred in the United States, the case fell outside the SEFAA's scope of work as it happened outside Chile's national borders.

The user was located at the coordinates 40° 41’ 21’’ North Latitude and 74° 02’ 37’’ West Longitude.

Meteorological conditions were analyzed using records obtained from LaGuardia Airport (KLGA) in New York, located 17
Kilometers northeast of the user. According to them, that day the temperatures varied from 22°C to 27°C, being 26°C at the time of filming. The winds decreased from 18 km/h to 13 km/h. In the month of July in the Northern Hemisphere, these are favorable for active entomological manifestation.

Images: On August 31, SEFAA received two audiovisual files: a static image from August 15, 2021, named "Remini20210815200950553.jpg" and a 12.8-second video capture taken on that date.
July 28, 2021, in the file "IMG_4107.mp4".

Based on the testimony, the photograph would be a processed screenshot to enhance its
visibility using an application promoted as "AI Photo Enhancer" and
available at the URL https://remini.ai/.

Conclusion: Although it was determined that the reported incident originated from an
insect flight identification error, as it arose from a situation unrelated to the
mission and function of the Section, the case was closed according to Chapter 1
and Chapter 2, numeral 2b (Case Studies).
occurred or recorded within national territory).

Case classified as "Foreign."
