Case No. 1635 23082021

Date: August 23, 2021.

Approximate Time: 20:07 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Winter.

Witnesses: E. V. H., 50 years old.

Description: The witness reported filming what she considered aerial anomalies
for "around 32 minutes," at 20:07 local time, on August 23, 2021, from "Pan de Azúcar. Coquimbo," the capital of the same-named region.

The user described what she reported as circular in shape and "silver" in color. "
He observed a small light, with a "trembling" motion, for 32 minutes from the north and towards the west. He added that there was a full moon and little cloud cover.

He concluded his testimony by stating: "The small lights that appeared were not seen with the human eye, I paid close attention to that. Only the camera captured it. Once it appeared, the light moved quickly, so I thought it was an airplane, but then it slowed down and stopped for a little over half an hour in the same place."
He kept filming until it went out like a candle. It went out twice, the first time when I was filming the moon's setting and looked back and saw it go out suddenly, even on the video you can hear a ooooooh and that's when I focused.
"Again the light and it wasn't there but it appears again to turn off as seen in the other video."

The user's location was georeferenced in the Cerrillos sector, located
The coordinates 30° 03’ 26’’ South Latitude and 71° 15’ 17’’ West Longitude, and at 119
meters above sea level. (Figure 1)
### Figure 1

This location is approximately 14 kilometers south-southeast of the city of Coquimbo and about 8 kilometers south of the summit of the hill called “Pan de Azúcar”.

The user was contacted on August 24 and 26, September 8, and November 29, 2021, requesting that they provide the recordings they mentioned.

Additionally, on August 26, it was indicated that they could send files up to 2 GB for free using the service provided by the company We Transfer.
As of the writing of this report, no response or audiovisual material has been received to study the information provided.

Images: Requested in four emails on August 24th and 26th, and August 8th.
As of September and November 29, 2021, no further evidence was received beyond the testimony reported when the case was opened.

Conclusion: Due to the lack of study material, this folder remains
The investigation was closed according to numeral 2d (Only incidents with physical evidence will be investigated).
cases that report original images, audio or videos) from the Technical
Procedure Instruction, Investigation Times, Background Reception,
Executive Report Preparation and CEFAA Report Archiving.

The case was classified as “Narrative”.
