{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-03-07 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462035","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98982","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2733,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/035/mufon-5462035.json","updb_database_id":5462035}
{jpg} Ball of light seen in the sky

I saw it outside my bedroom window, near the Santa Cruz Mountains. A solid, very small red light suddenly appeared in the sky, moving at very high speed. The object didn't appear from behind clouds or trees, it materialized without movement or warning. It was too small for any of my cameras to pick up. I heard no noise. It was too small to be an airplane and it wasn't flashing like the planes that cross our sky. In fact, I watched a plane fly almost next to this object; there was no comparison or similarities. I thought it might be a drone, but I've never seen any drone able to both fly as quick as it did and make sudden stops or hairpin turns in milliseconds. The object flew at high speeds, then stopped completely. It would then move in diagonal patterns across the sky, often flying back over its own path, making hairpin turns and flying faster than any drone or helicopter I've ever seen. It was solid red throughout, stopping and moving randomly. Eventually, the light began to flash blue, moving even faster through the sky, and I couldn't see any solid craft between the flashes. It would then alternate between solid red and flashing blue light. Note, the object was in front of the clouds in the sky the whole time, it never disappeared or went behind any clouds. Then it disappeared completely; it didn't fly off, it didn't drop to earth, it vanished. It was there, and then it wasn't. I have no explanations for this. I waited for a few minutes and didn't see it again. This experience lasted for about 5-8 minutes. I was in pure awe, I've never seen anything like it before.
I tried to take a video of the object, but my phone was malfunctioning and wouldn't let me take pictures or video. I finally got the camera to work and turned it to the object. I took a short video, 5 seconds. In the video you can see many little flashing lights, nearly impossible to see but definitely present. There were no flashing lights when I took the video, and there were no stars because of the clouds in the sky. There were no airplanes or helicopters in the vicinity at the time I took the video.
