{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506035","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52806","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2208,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/035/mufon-5506035.json","updb_database_id":5506035}
After watching a strange object fly into the distance, once it was gone then this helicopter-like thing appeared.

About 2 minutes after those first ships disappeared from my sight; all of a sudden I saw another thing that I thought was a plane flying east to west. It has absolutely no sound at all. It was so quiet and I heard nothing. I noticed it too had flashing white and green lights. But from the front it had a bright white light that was shining out really far in front of it. I first thought it was a helicopter looking for the other 2 ship-things i just saw, but it had absolutely no sound. A beam shining straight down as if it were searching for something. As it moved passed me, about 100 feet above the ground, I could see part of the craft that seemed like maybe 2 discs in the back side by side and 1 disc in the front that was higher than those 2 discs and that one had the white beam-light. It was definitely not a helicopter. It never hovered or stopped. But it still had a bobbing or floating quality to the movement. not just in one straight motion. It was flying right over the highway. It was about 4 times the size of the smaller 2 (70-80 feet). I think maybe that the crafts can stick together and then break apart so this could have been a collection of 4 crafts maybe? I chased it down the street but the houses got in my way of the view and when i could finally get a good sight of it traveling North, it just was totally gone. When I ran around the house to see where it went, it was nowhere to be seen. It came from the east to west, then changed and went up over the houses to the North.
