{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1968-10-24 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491035","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68538","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8441,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/035/mufon-5491035.json","updb_database_id":5491035}
{rjl} Large Egg-shaped craft sighted by B-52 crew & others. Missile silo affected. Radar detected.

(Credit: [name removed/cms/rjl]) (Note: This is a historical case, and all the names in the following are in the public record. The following was copied from a public website. William I. McNeff) Early in the morning of 24 October 1968, Oscar-Flight Security Controller Staff Sgt.[name removed/cms/rjl]received a report from a Camper Team posted at the Launch Facility (LF) designated Oscar-6 (O-6). According to Smith, the team was providing aboveground security for a Target Alignment Team working underground in the missile silo when they observed a large glowing object that "went down by some trees not far away."[3] Shortly after, at 2:30 a.m., a missile maintenance team of Airman First Class [names removed/cms/rjl]were en route to the November-7 (N-7) Launch Facility when they reported an unusual light in the east to Base Operations. The strange light appeared to be pacing their vehicle while growing brighter. By the time they arrived at N-7, the bright UFO had taken up a position circling to the south.[4]
In response, the Base Operations dispatcher patched in the observers at N-7 with the ground controllers at Radar Approach Control (RAPCON), established an open-line for reporting, and kept a log of the UFO activity over the next two hours. Soon, Flight Security Controllers (FSC) 1 the officers responsible for the security requirements at the Launch Control Facilities (LCF) 1 were also reporting sightings via their communications network linked to missile Wing Security Control (WSC).
In one instance, security personnel at three of the LCFs similarly described 1the object separate in two parts and go in opposite directions and return and pass under each other.1[5] In another, a FSC reported that an 1object which looked to him as the sun1 came near the hardened antenna within the security fencing of his LCF. It then moved away and he dispatched his two-man Security Alert Team (SAT), who followed the object to within a half-mile of where it appeared to be landing. When the object reached the ground the light dimmed and extinguished. After this, they could see nothing.[6] Independent reports mutually described a very large, brightly illuminated aerial object that would alternate colors from brilliant white to amber and green, with an ability to hover, accelerate rapidly and abruptly change direction.[7]
B-52 Air-radar Observations
At about 3:00 a.m., a B-52H Stratofortress returned to Minot AFB from a routine 10-hour training mission. The pilots practiced high-altitude instrumented procedures and approaches to the runway, eventually requesting clearance to fly out to the Tactical Air Navigation (TACAN) initial approach fix (1WT fix1), 35 nautical miles northwest of the airbase. Given clearance to Flight Level 200 (20,000 feet altitude), RAPCON ground controllers then asked the crew to 1look out toward your 1:00 [one o1clock] position for the next 15 or 16 miles and see if you see any orange glows out there. Somebody is seeing flying saucers again.1[8]
The B-52 crew observed nothing out of the ordinary during the flight out. Approaching the WT fix, they initiated a standard 180-degree turnaround that would eventually bring them back over the WT fix on a straight approach to the runway. At 3:52, as they started the wide turn, ground controllers informed the crew 1the UFO is being picked up by the weathers [sic] radar also, should be your 1:00 position 3 miles now.1[9]
The B-521s own radar detected the radar return (UFO) co-altitude at three miles away, sparking air safety concerns among the crew. However, as the B-52 banked around the roughly 6-mile diameter turn the UFO maintained a constant three-mile separation, moving to the northeast 1 outside of the turn radius and to the left of the B-52 as it finally rolled out.
Upon clearing the WT fix to begin the descent back to the runway, the radar return suddenly changed position. In one sweep of the radar 1 less than three seconds 1 the UFO appeared to close distance to one mile, while subsequent sweeps would indicate that the return was matching the forward velocity of the B-52. The seemingly phenomenal and instantaneous movement of the UFO startled B-52 navigator Captain [name removed/cms/rjl]:
I knew whatever it was that there was something there that I1d never seen on radar. I don1t know of anything that could go laterally in three seconds, two miles, and just stop. It was maintaining our descent rate, and then just laterally to one mile1 perfect formation.[10]
At the same instant as the return1s abrupt change of position, the B-521s two UHF radios ceased transmission on all frequencies with RAPCON. The UFO continued pacing the aircraft off the left wing for nearly 20 miles. Near the end of the descent trajectory, the radarscope camera filmed the UFO as it appeared to spiral around behind the B-52, after which the radar return disappeared and radio communications returned to normal.[11]
Following the inexplicable radar encounter, the B-52 pilots practiced a missed approach to the runway and were vectored back around to land. However, on final approach to the runway a General officer radioed a request not to land, but to continue around in order to fly over and photograph the object if possible.[12] Accordingly, RAPCON controllers vectored the B-52 once again onto the traffic pattern, to the location of a stationary UFO on or near the ground, roughly 16 miles north-northwest of the airbase. Immediately after turning onto the downwind leg of the pattern, both pilots observed an illuminated object more than 10 miles ahead of the aircraft. The non-crew pilot Major [name removed/cms/rjl]compared the UFO to 1a miniature sun placed on the ground below the aircraft.1[13]
Partial scan of Minot AFB investigating officer Col. [name removed/cms/rjl] Overlay Map showing the flight track of the B-52 around the first traffic pattern. Werlich did not plot the second extended go-around when the pilots observed and overflew the UFO. He does nevertheless indicate the location of the B-52 during the pilot1s 1first visual sighting,1 following the turn onto the downwind leg of the pattern, and 1probable area of aircrew ground sighting1 in the rectangular box [name removed/cms/rjl]Overlay Map).
Upon reaching the object the B-52 flew alongside and executed a left turn over and around it. As the B-52 banked over the object, copilot Capt. [name removed/cms/rjl]was able to observe the UFO through the pilot1s window as it passed beneath the aircraft. He described a huge egg-shaped object with a surface that appeared to give off a dull reddish color like molten steel. As they began the turn, he noticed a smooth metallic tubular section extending horizontally from the long-end of the elliptical object, connecting to the mid-point of a curved crescent-shaped protuberance, not unlike a bumper. This section encompassed the width of the body and emanated a greenish-yellow glow from its interior back, illuminating the tubular section and the front of the egg-shaped main body of the object. Once again, their radios would not transmit during the very close approach.[14]
The B-52 turned left onto the base leg of the traffic pattern and lost sight of the UFO. They continued around to the runway at Minot AFB and came to a terminal landing at 4:40 a.m. At 4:49, both the outer and inner-zone security alarms sounded at the missile Launch Facility Oscar-7, and SSgt. Smith immediately dispatched his Security Alert Team to investigate. The team discovered the front gate unpadlocked, and an access hatch on site standing open, but no other evidence of intruders. In the meantime, November security personnel continued reporting a UFO west of N-7, until the light gradually diminished around 5:30.
