{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-12 11:26:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484035","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75809","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3512,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/035/mufon-5484035.json","updb_database_id":5484035}
{cak} Observed the object, while calling the Ellington flight tower to confirm the sighting.

On the afternoon of March 12th at 11:26 am, I was walking back from my car and notice a few people pointing to the sky. I walked to see what it was, The object ( black in color) shaped like a boomerang but not a complete open ended triangle. Like a grub worm stretched out. It was due west at 70 plus degree altitude heading south or so it seemed. I ran inside to get a phone to take pictures and make a calls to whomever that could confirm the UFO. I talked to the other persons outside watching it along with me. Some said it was a blimp I replied, it's way to hi for that to be a blimp. Then the comments of its a plane. I replied, no wings on it or vapor trail, plus it isn't moving! At this point the others lost interest and went on with their day. I continued to call to confirm the UFO. About ten minuets into viewing the UFO, it changed colors from black to whitest gray in a rolling fashion. The color changed in a movement like how a alligator rolls when drowning its pray, but much slower and it happened in a sequence of one. After changing color it then seemed to move due south just enough to change location. The movement was slow, this is what helped me distinguish how large and high the UFO was. 
A commercial airliner flying south in the direction of the UFO was coming to pass. The plane is getting closer to the UFO, and is now flying under it. I can now see that the UFO is two to three time the size of the plane in flight. No doter or deviation in flight course happened with ether of the crafts. It was as if the plan didn't see the UFO while flying under it. The trails of the airliner are now being used by my hand to measure with. The plane and UFO was about four fingers apart (arm fully extended). I would say the given the planes altitude with the white vapor tails. The UFO was somewhere of double the planes height or lower orbit. I was still trying to contact somebody who could conform this sighting. Finally at 12 pm, I am now speaking with a person of authority in Washington D.C. I am then told to contact some of the same persons, I had already talk with previously. I explained that I already went through those channels trying to do this correctly. As i am talking to this person. The UFO changed color again back to white then hovered over my location heading southeast. It now changed back to black. While trying to keep the sun out of my eyes. The UFO ascended up into space into the sun at a steady speed to the point I can no longer see it. As all this was happening, He then gave me a contact that would know how to help me. I called the # given and did reach the person of authority, but was told that she had not been over seeing any communications of that nature for many years. I was instructed to meet up for a interview and exchange information for filing and follow ups if needed.
