{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1998-01-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493035","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66486","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":12799,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/035/mufon-5493035.json","updb_database_id":5493035}
{cak} While training (military) I saw a very bright object moving at high speed; low altitude; made no noise; witnessed by 16 other soldiers.

I can not report this without using profanity because it was profanity which made me notice the object (when one of my fellow soldiers screamed at the top of his lungs).

I served in the Army/NG for eight years. I did communications & was trained at the GTE Resident School at Fort Gordon GA (now the Verizon Resident School). Our first five days of training was all in the class room and then they started taking us out to an area they called the "OTA". OTA stood for "Outside Training Area"; the OTA was not outside. It was in what used to be a helicopter hanger because the school had previously been for helicopter mechanics. The OTA USED to be outside but when they moved it - they kept the name. That's the Army for you. After we spent a few weeks training in the "OTA" learning how to operate GTE's "Mobile Subscriber Equipment" under the guidance of two civilian (but prior military) instructors - we moved into an area which actually WAS outside, but they didn't call it the "Outside Training Area", it was simply called "The Antenna Field". You can see this field in the movie "Heartbreak Ridge" with Clint Eastwood - they shot part of the movie there at what was then housing for MI. Or if you want precise longitude and lattidude coordinates, here it is: 33124'15.53"N 821 8'18.27"W Fort Gordon is a really beautiful base, it's kind of nestled in the middle of the woods in Georgia and during the weekends when we'd get time off I would sometimes go hiking far off into the hills - it was absolutely beautiful. The Air Force uses the base also for communications training and on a few of my expeditions on the base I ended up finding HUGE satellite dishes which I never learned anything about, I just saw them. There was also a lot of Military Intelligence at Gordon (I assume there still is) and it used to crack me up that these dudes thought they were "hiding" - maybe they were blending in with the civilian population but they stuck out like a sore thumb on a military base. They're the only ones on the base with long hair and Hawaiian shirts - how much more obvious can you get!? I have so many stories from my time at Fort Gordon including the time I got so drunk at the NCO club that I threw up in the taxi on the way back to the barracks; got kicked out of the taxi and had to walk back - I didn't even know which way was up and didn't think I'd make it back. Somehow I did. Then there's the story about Drill Sergeant "N". It was a Monday morning and there had been rumors that a soldier had been killed in an accident over the weekend. We all thought that it was a soldier in training from a different battalion, but around 8AM our entire company was called into a "horse shoe" formation and introduced to the family of Drill Sergeant Lisa Lorrain "N". They told us she had been killed in a car accident and the entire company broke into tears. I never thought I'd see a Drill Sergeant cry but they all did. And we weren't even given time to grieve - we marched from that formation straight to school and were told to "maintain your military bearing" and continue forward with training as if nothing had happened. They told us the same thing at her memorial service - "maintain your military bearing... you know that if Drill Sergeant "N" saw you crying right now she'd have you on the ground in the front leaning rest position". But then they did the roll call. The Command Sergeant Major called out the names of all Drill Sergeants in the company - each one replied. Then he called out the name "Drill Sergeant "N""..... silence. "Drill Sergeant "N"".......... again, silence. "Drill Sergeant.... "N"" and then we heard one solitary bugle in the back of the room playing taps. I'd done well to maintain my military bearing up till that point but I f**king lost it. So did our other Drill Sergeant who had told us to "maintain your military bearing". After the ceremony the entire class was formed up (into a formation) outside and marched in silence to school. We were given "route step march" which means stay in formation but you can just walk - and we cried all the way to school. Then sat in class crying and telling stories about Drill Sergeant "N". A few days later we were doing PT in the morning and our other Drill Sergeant marched us to the training field with the same cadence that Drill Sergeant "N" used to always march us with: "When I go... Go down town.... don't you kick my dog around...." we got through two or three verses and the Drill Sergeants voice cracked. He stopped - we walked in silence the rest of the way fighting back tears. There was one other particular day in which is was also hard to maintain our "military bearing". We were learning to install a type of antenna called a "CHU" antenna. I never found out what "CHU" stands for but I spent eight years installing them. We were almost done with our installation on one night - it was around 8PM and dark outside but this big field had large powerful lights going all the way around it so we had plenty of light, but could still see the stars. It takes 3 soldiers to install one antenna and we had several groups with several antennas scattered around the field (about 30 soldier/students and 2 civilian instructors - employees of General Dynamics). So we were almost done when I heard PVT Shaw (standing to my right) screaming at the top of his lungs "LOOK AT THAT f**kING UFO!!!!!". Believe it or not, my first thought was "I can't believe he's using that kind of language around our civilian instructors - so much for military bearing" and then it registered in my brain what he'd actually said. So I looked up and saw a HUGE... VERY bright light; moving at speeds that would be impossible in any conventional aircraft I know of and making no sound at all. It was flying directly over my head. I got yelled at by one of our civilian instructors for looking at it (actually for taking my eyes off the antenna). He yelled "MCPHALEN!!! PAY ATTENTION TO WHAT YOUR DOING!!!". So I looked back down just long enough to lock my cable anchor back into place (literally a split second; faster than it takes you to read the words "down;up") and when I looked back up the thing was gone. I spent the next two weeks looking at the sky wondering what that thing was or if I'd ever see it again. And nobody wanted to talk about it - the guy that yelled "look at that f***ing ufo" suddenly changed his story and started saying it was a "weather balloon" (I guess he likes getting promoted). Nobody talked to me after the incident - I never had any "men in black" suits show up at the barracks and tell me look into a flashy shiney thing or tell me not to talk about what I saw. So I reported it to MUFON (13 years later) and have been talking about it ever since it happened. During the nights that followed I spent a lot of time thinking about what I'd seen & watching the skies. On one occasion we were working on a different type of antenna - much larger and much more dangerous but we had fewer of them and only two groups got to train at a time. So every couple of nights our group (one of three) would sit it out in a large field tent for the WHOLE training night! Eight hours, we'd just sit and watch movies (most crappy) and eat either Chinese food or pizza. The Chinese food sucked; the pizza was awesome - but I was still going outside every few hours just too look up at the sky (after getting bored with the horrible movies). I was looking up and saw what looked like a bright star where it didn't belong - in the middle of the Orion constellation. I know the constellations pretty well, I'm a member of Friends of the Observatory (Griffith) and have been into astronomy since I was a kid; I even have star charts and a droid app for astronomy. But anyway (TMI)... I knew that this "star" didn't belong in that spot. I also knew that it wasn't Venus because it wasn't in the right place / right time. So I gauged it's position in the sky by leaning against the guard rail to lock in my own position and see where it sat across the telephone wires. Over the hours I watched Orion move across the sky, but this thing never moved. Toward the end of the night Orion was already on the horizon - and this thing was still in the same spot. If it had been a planet it would have been moving FASTER than the stars - not slower or no movement at all. So about an hour before the class was over - I went back outside again to look at this thing again (it was there for about 5 hours, just sitting there in the sky). Even if it WAS a UFO... how long can you stare at a UFO that's not doing anything? So I'd go back inside; eat pizza; watch movies; go back outside - it's still sitting there; go back inside etc. but close to the end I went out and the thing was gone but there were about 7 or 8 Black Hawk helicopters flying AROUND the area where it had previously been (it wasn't even there any more) but not passing through the space where the thing had been sitting. And the helicopters never went anywhere near it while it was IN the sky.... Kinda weird. A few nights after that - same type of situation with the sky; except it was a weekend. There was no training and I was sitting outside the PX (33125'28.03"N 821 8'18.04"W) having a beer and a slice of pizza and reading by myself. Every now and then I'd put the book down and look up at the sky. I eventually noticed an object similar to the other one (probably took me a little longer to spot it because I'd already had a few beers by this point). I don't remember if it was in the middle of Orion, I was a bit tipsy and didn't bother to take note of it's precise location. But there it was - just sitting there; not moving; in just about the same area of sky. I sat there in that spot reading for probably five hours and that thing sat there in the sky for longer than that because eventually I literally got bored with it - so I finished my book; beer & pizza; went back to the barracks and went to sleep. Never saw it again. 

This happened 13 years ago and I still think about it almost every single day. I don't think there's a single day that goes by that I don't look up at the sky at least once. The event did not scare me at all but filled me with wonder and awe. One interesting fact that I have discovered recently (today in fact) is that at some point in time between my sighting and present day, the NSA opened up a facility roughly two miles to the West of where we had this sighting (a very interesting; curved building). It is clearly visible on Google Earth and is even labeled as an NSA facility. To the best of my knowledge this facility wasn't there in 1999. The object came from the West of where I was standing; just minutes ago I was exploring the area to the West of where we had our sighting and there appears to be a hanger of some sort nestled deep in the woods - DIRECTLY to the West of where the sighting occurred and almost exactly South of the NSA facility (but slightly to the East). It's definitely worth a look if you have Google Earth, some of the surrounding terrain appears to have been digitally manipulated (Area 51 is clearer on Google Earth than some of the areas surrounding Thomas Lake which is also to the West of where the sighting occured). 

Unfortunately we were not allowed to take cameras into the area in which we were training because the equipment we were working on was classified (that's not always as interesting as it sounds - it's just communications equipment). But I have attached one image from Google Maps which has a letter "X" marking the exact location where I was standing at the time of the sighting. I also have pictures of my entire training class and our instructors standing in front of the GTE resident school (as it was called at that time - I think it's now called the "Verizon Resident School) but it would probably be inappropriate to upload that image.
