{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526035","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29674","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7435,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/035/mufon-5526035.json","updb_database_id":5526035}
What I thought was the moon through the trees was not but a gigantic craft

Ok ill start by saying I was coming come from Shell gas station on rt. 33 in Twin Rivers NJ. I was on Cedarville road and got to the end. I turned left onto Windsor-Perrinville road, East Windsor, and started driving for my road. As i was headed for my road I see a light through the trees in the eastern skyies. I dismiss totally as the moon and I look back down at my iphone. I was listening to the espn radio app. Then as i get to a place where the trees stop, i live my small farms so fields around me and flat land. Well the trees stop and then i see it, and it was gigantic. It was at the height of when you see a low flying plane. It was four lights across in a row maybe bout the size of half a football field. The two in the middle were very bright almost like it's headlights but the light was very diffused. The craft was coming from the SE goin NW and moving incredibly slow. As far as shape, i really couldn't tell because the lights were like so bright, it was like when headlights are close to you all u see is the object and can't make out the object behind them.

Never have i seen an airplane creep along in the sky or also be that damn huge. It seems like a cruise liner in the sky. So I see it on Windsor-Perrineville road and then i turn on to my road park sideway. Now i'm speeding trying to get home. I was terrified, this thing was huge and it gave me the like worst feeling, it had like a low hum. I felt so scared and alos hot all over. So I raced home and i cowardly didn't get a pic, even though getting a picture wasn;t crossing my stupifyied mind when im watching this thing. So i race up my driveway use the clicker for my door and stop right before i go into the garage (my little bit of courage). I look up to see the craft going not over my house but close i guess like adjacent. That's when i saw the blinking red light on the bottom of the craft... 

so i obviously wake my mom up, shes a scientist and is sketipic but could tell that i was very raddled. We go back out in the car and look for the object but cant find it. I come home and immediatley search "nj ufos" and i find an article from three days ago. About people on the turnpike seeing something similar. That's when i was shocked because i read words in the article which seemed to be spot on to what i saw. They descibed it as being moon like too which was creepy but the big kicker is that they reported the blinking red light on the bottom going every 3 seconds. I didn't measure or time it out but that seems correct. The pictures looked like what i saw but from a very far distance, but i could see a camera making it look like that blended the four lights together to look like a bright one. I then actually emailed Roger Marsh the author of the article because I didn't know where to tell this was my immediate idea. 

Here's what I wrote via copy paste.

[Name removed/cms/tg] to TremontAvenue
show details 12:50 AM (9 hours ago)
Hi there

My name is [Name removed/cms/tg]. I just saw the most gigantic thing in the sky i have ever seen, I was driving home from rt. 33 in twin rivers nj and I started seeing a light through the trees i thought it was the moon because of the size. as i got closer and to a treeless section, my house is my fields, i saw this gigantic object.. it was four lights across and i really couldnt make out the shape but it was huge...I mistaked it for the moon. Also the two lof the lights in front werre lighting up infront of it almost headlight like but not really. I was terrifed, I had an omminous feeling iver never felt and I just raced up..there was a car behind me they had to of seen this thing. I jsut saw it like 30 min ago its 12:46 am on jun 22. I didn't snap a pic becuase of my fear and raced to my house i opend my garage door with the clicker to see the craft pass over top not like right over top my house but adjacent..I saw the bottom of the craft had a red blinking light..Now comes the reason im eamiling you..I searched nj ufo and saew the articel u did from 3 days ago about the turnpike ufo ppl saw.. What i saw was brigth as hell like that also i saw that they spoke of the same blinking light on the bttm..Also i live bout 3 miles from the turnpike exit 8...Im srry my grammar is bad an my sentence structure but i don't know where to report this thing..I don't think it was a pyramid or triangle but more flat but like i said i couldnt see shape i saw four lights in a line. like o O O o and the O were like the bright headlight type things. I don't know where to report this if you can give me information. That thing was gigantic..

Reply
Forward
Roger Marsh    
[name removed/cms/tg] - thanks for writing. Please report your UFO experience at the Mutual UF...
1:51 AM (8 hours ago)
Reply
[Name removed/cms/tg] to Roger
show details 1:55 AM (8 hours ago)
I will report tomorrow..I'm just stunned that they are real I've always believed but to see was crazy like a cruise liner in the sky also there was a Hum maybe a freq made me feel so terrified I feel like such a coward that I didn't get a picture..I'm down for an interview but first I got to get some sleep Ty for reponding fast.

Sent from my iPhone
- Show quoted text -
Reply
Forward
Reply
Roger Marsh to me
show details 2:05 AM (8 hours ago)
Thanks, [name removed/cms/tg]. Get some sleep. I just walked in the door and checked my email before going to bed. Glad to have responded so fast. My personal sighting was incredible too - was within 30 feet of a disc-shaped object. Wild. Talk soon. Let me know when you're up for a chat. Thanks for filing the report tomorrow.

Now I'm just like incredibly interested in what I saw. It really had like a military feel to it and the blinking red light i think kinda leans toward that way. But really i want to get across that it had a very dark ominous feeling and was terrified by the sheer size. I have always believed and been curious about UFOs and read the internet article here or there but I'm like really happy to KNOW now that they're real. Truthfully i thought if i ever saw one it would be from far and maybe a cool color changing thing but no what i saw was a.) close b.) gigantic and c.)bright white lights almost like a airplanes but like 3 times as bright. Also i'm now just even more curious to see if anyone else reports this..There was a car behind me at the time on Windsor-Perrineville they had to of seen this thing it was huge and incredibly bright, again i mistaken it for the moon so there you go. I'm a filmmaker and would like to investigate ALL of NJ's cases and would happy to do a phone interview or talk with whoever. This was scary in person but exciting after the fact, very happy that they're TRUE.

-[name removed/cms/tg]
