{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-14 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492035","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67518","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5924,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/035/mufon-5492035.json","updb_database_id":5492035}
{jpg} Observed an orb quietly traveling above the tree tops in a perfectly straight line. The orb then changed directions, went upward into a cloud bank, disappeared, there was a loud

In July of 2014 I was up late watching a movie with my family. (We were off work for the summer. Both my wife and I teach school now.) It was a perfect night so after the movie I decided to walk out onto our deck just to enjoy the night air. My wife and son went outside too. I was setting on our deck while my wife and son were setting on the porch. I live in an extremely rural area and there are no loud sounds at night. Crickets, owls, etc. are all that are heard. I noticed a glowing "orb" hovering above the tree-line approximately two hundred yards away to my left. The orb began moving from my left to right while still right above the tree tops. As the orb came closer to my location I realized that I was not looking at a known object. I would describe the orb as being approximately the size of a basketball and it was yellowish colored with a green tint to it. The object appeared to be emitting a "glow" of energy that made the edges look fuzzy or more like small "tentacles." As the orb continued moving toward my location it did not make any type of sound. The orb did not "flutter" or move erratic; it was clearly on a distinct, direct path of travel and it was powered by some type of power source. As the orb came closer to where I was setting (Now only "roughly" 120 feet away) I started whispering to my wife and son "come over here and look at this!" Both my wife and son were ignoring me. (They did not see the object because they were setting on the porch, under the roof.) I then said louder, "Hey you two, come over here and look at this, this is crazy!" My wife said What are you talking about?" I then said, "Over there, look!" I then abruptly pointed at the object. As I pointed, it was as if the orb detected my movement. The orb abruptly changed it's direction of travel and speed. The orb immediately went straight upward into the night sky and disappeared into a cloud bank. As soon as the orb disappeared, the entire night sky lit up like a huge firework and a loud, thundering "Boom" sound was heard by all of us. 

I told no one of the incident. However, approximately two months later (Around September 2014) I was talking to my brother and he told me of a strange incident that happened to him during the summer also. According to my brother, he and another man were leaving the woods after a deer scouting trip when an object very much like the one I had observed came up the "hollow" where they were standing. According to my brother, he said the object continued to travel toward them and the closer it came, the more it descended in flight. My brother stated that he became startled because it looked as if the object was going to literally land on them. My brother stated that when the object came to within thirty yard or so of them it was as if it detected their presence. My brother stated that the orb abruptly changed directions and it flew up and away from them at an extremely high rate of speed before disappearing. 

In June 2015 while at work a student was sharing an incident with my wife about what had happened to he and his mother recently. (This student had absolutely no idea about my incident.) According to the student, he and his mother were "coming back from a baseball game" when he noticed a basketball sized orb that glowed yellowish green following them above the tree-line. When they slowed to observe the orb, it accelerated it's speed and changed it's path of travel to avoid them. 

My wife told the student "You have got to go tell my husband this." The student walked down to my classroom and started relaying the encounter to me. (I had students in class at the time.) After the student shared his account, I told him about what I had observed last summer. During this time I had another student from my class (17 year old male) raise his hand and state, "Mr. {name removed/CMS/jpg], you are not going to believe this but I had the same thing happen to me this past year." I then asked the student about his experience and according to the young man he stated that while his father, uncle and himself were out coon hunting this past fall they noticed a yellowish green orb following them as they walked through the woods. According to the student, the orb continued to follow them from above as it hovered above the treetops. The student said that the object followed them for well over two miles as they walked through the forest. The student said that his uncle and father became so unnerved by the object following them that they began to shoot at it with a twelve gauge shotgun. The student stated that the shotgun had no affect on the orb but it did turn and fly upward into the night sky and away from them after being shot at several times.

These individual encounters/events have all happened within a twenty square mile radius of each other. Three of the four encounters have happened within a five mile square radius of each other. 

My eye witness account did not frighten me, nor did I feel in danger, etc. According to my brother, he was alarmed and the student stated that his uncle, father and himself were very frightened.
