Case No. 1776 03052022

Date: April 12, 2022.

Approximate Time: 19:30 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Autumn.

Witnesses: C. P. C., 55 years old.

Description: The informant reported seeing and filming what he considered an
aerial anomaly at 19:30 on April 12, 2022 from a building in the commune of
Providencia, in the Metropolitan Region of Santiago.

What was reported was described as a green light, 21 centimeters to 1 meter in size. The user added that it was visible for 31 to 60 seconds.
that moved from east to west.

The person who reported it eventually pointed out that “It looks like a drone, but
it shouldn't be that bright, it shows flickering green light, barely noticeable in
the video captured with a phone. About 3 sightings, the last one more prolonged,
near the AFP Habitat building, and I see it for the last time at the opposite end of
the building, towards the west.”

Along with the report, a video in mp4 format was uploaded to the SEFAA platform,
the original of which was received on May 5, 2022.
Within a yellow circle, Figure 1 shows what was reported as seen in frame 433 of this recording.

Figure 1

Based on the testimony and what is visible in the images, the user's location was georeferenced using coordinates corresponding to the commune of Providencia, in Santiago, at a location 641 meters above sea level. (Figure 2)

Figure 2
The information contained in the video file did not show signs of editing and determined that the recording was made on the reported date.

Each of the 1,391 frames that composed it were extracted and analyzed, visualizing that the object reported flew at a minimum of 120 meters from the camera and was capable of maneuvering, remaining stationary in the air.

Figure 3 below shows it in three successive frames in which it is evident that it had navigation lights. Between each of these
The frames lasted about 1/30 of a second.

All of this is consistent with the flight of an RPA or drone over Avenida Providencia.

Figure 3

Images: The case was based on a video contained in a file in mp4 format.

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the testimony and the results of the geographical, forensic, and photographic studies, it was concluded that what was reported was the flight of an RPA or drone.

Therefore, the case was closed and classified as "Explained."
