{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-17 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291453","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111883","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3350,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/453/mufon-5291453.json","updb_database_id":5291453}
Blinking Red/White light in clear night sky abruptly reverses course, speeds up significantly and flies out of sight.

Stephanie and I were at the Brown Mountain Overlook outside of Linville NC the night of October 17th. We were hoping to see some of the spook lights reported in that area.  We were enjoying the amazingly clear night and all the stars.  Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn were the brightest objects that night. It was so clear, we could easily make out the milky way. Around 8:30P we saw two blinking lights approaching each other almost overhead. One moving NW, the other SE.  We assumed they were both jets and found it interesting that they were going to cross paths so closely.  We assumed they were two jets far apart in altitude. Their speed both appeared to be normal for jets. One object was flashing red and white, the other just a white light like the other jets we observed that night. Nothing seemed out of the ordinary.

Just as the two objects were about to cross paths, the red\white blinking object abruptly changed course. It was heading NW but swung around in an extremely tight turn, and began heading SSE. It also increased speed to about five times faster than before. I remarked to Stephanie that it must be a drone to be crossing the sky that quickly. Then I heard the jet like sounds coming from it or actually trailing it. It did not make sense to me that a jet was travelling that fast. It was not a low flying jet, in fact the jet engine sound was so low, that Stephanie did not even hear it. From the point it abruptly turned around almost directly above us to crossing the SSE horizon, was about 15 seconds.  We both thought it was odd.

This evening, the 18th of October, I messaged a friend who lives in the area about our adventure at Brown Mountain. She was the one that recommended we go there to see the Brown Mountain Lights.  I mentioned the odd blinking light we saw.  She responded back that it was funny we mentioned the red\white flashing light in the sky. That same night (Oct 17th), her boss went camping out towards Linville and saw a large, silver round object that flashed red/white. Her boss said it moved quickly and the sound was 'behind it'. Her boss also said it made turns like she had never seen before and her and her family woke up to jets patrolling the area (Linville NC) the next morning.

It was too dark for Stephanie and I to make out the shape of the object, but it sure sounds like the same one we observed over Brown Mountain. Red/white flashes, moving very quickly, sound behind it, making extremely sharp turns. I may be able to get the contact information of my friend's boss if it would help research this case further.

[name removed/cms/rjl]
