{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-03-07 01:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508453","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50032","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2534,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/453/mufon-5508453.json","updb_database_id":5508453}
Object looked initially like a new gigantic galaxy with twinkling lights, color bands, and a mist that moved around it. Shape of a domed giant floating city.

I went outside to smoke a cigarette late at night,and walked over to the west
side of the property to look at the stars,only to see a gigantic thing that I 
thought at first looked like a galaxy. It was stationary and was in the shape of a domed craft(the dome part was very tall). Inside the the outline was what looked like a million stars. There was also wide bands of color around the thing like transparent-washy looking(red,blue and green). Also a mist enveloped it(partially) and the mist was rotating slowly like around a planet. The countless lights that looked like twinkling stars didn't untwinkle. In the background you could make out a structure-city-like construct. I watched it for 5 minutes or so, went to get my camera, and the battery was dead(never happened before). The next night I had a friend over and we both went outside to smoke (were both nightowls). I thought to myself-Its about the same time(after 1:00 AM),I wonder if that thing is back. Sure enough, there it was. I called him over to the same spot in between the cedars, and asked him-"What do you think of that?!!!" His reply was-"Theyre here!" We watched it for 5 or so minutes just floating there. Couldnt tell how large it was(Because it was so huge and not knowing how far away it was.)Went to get the camera and remembered-the batterys dead. Didnt charge it because I had no way of predicting it would return a second night. Someone else had to see this. Noones talking or they never look up.Or just plain afraid. After processing this in my head a while, the only conclusion I came up with is-FLOATING CITY (of sorts). The airport had to have a nervous breakdown. I wish I watched it for a longer period of time, but it was late and I\we were getting cold, and regretting having no camera.
