{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-15 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515453","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42705","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2945,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/453/mufon-5515453.json","updb_database_id":5515453}
{cak} lights observed coming from the west, then arced away to the north before fading away.

At approximately 8:45pm on Jan. 15, 2012, I took my dog out to the backyard to relieve herself. It wasnt completely dark yet; I could still see a slightly lighter sky between the distant treetops. The sky was clear so I was looking up and around to see if I could find any constellations. I noticed a reddish/orange light-not quite directly overhead and thought it odd to see a star that color. Then I saw two other red "stars" forming a triangle shape with the first light. They were moving in from the west and then, in unison, curved around to the to the north. My first reaction was "what the hell?" my second was "UFO? Yeah, right. They are finally here and Im in my pjs and don't have my camera!" Then a trace of fear set in, even while I tried to be logical; (we live about 1/2 hour from Ft. Custer in Battle Creek, Mi.) {planes? helicopters?) Then I started yelling for my (30 year old) daughter. 
 By the time she got outside, the original 3 lights had gone and a large cluster of red lights had started coming out of the west. I didn't think to try to count them (I think I was so amazed at the sight that it took me a minute to clear my brain.) A wild guess would be 40 or 50, could have been more. The flight pattern was similar to the original 3 stars, but there seemed to be no set flight formation to the cluster stars and the cluster arc seemed to be tighter My daughter witnessed most of the cluster, which had also curved to the north. As the cluster lights reached a certain point after their arc to the north, the lights (in no certain order) started fading out. I had my daughter call our neighbor on the west side of our property. About that time small groups of 5-10 lights (I called them "stragglers") started coming in from the west and following the pattern of the other lights. The neighbors didn't get outside til the last stage of incident; they only saw the last two lights curve to the north and fade out. After the incident, I felt exited and a little shaky. In talking to a lady I know, she mentioned that one of the candidates wives had been in Kalamazoo (north of us), "probably security forces". Frankly, I think the lights were too far up and too numerous to be security forces, but I tried to keep an open mind.
