{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-04-06 20:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5546453","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"22702","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4316,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/453/mufon-5546453.json","updb_database_id":5546453}
4 Brilliant Gold Diamond-shaped objects seen over Carlsbad, CA

In the evening of 4/6/10 at about 8:45 PM, I was in the kitchen of my home in Carlsbad chatting with my brother. I had just spent the entire day visiting Legoland with out of town relatives. It was a very beautiful, warm day that day, so the night sky was very clear and we decided to draw the blinds open, and slide open the patio door to let some fresh night air in. We were just enjoying our beautiful open view of Carlsbad from our backyard which faces Palomar Airport. It is quite commonplace to see planes landing and taking off, even at that time of night. At about 8:45 pm, my brother and I were standing in front of the kitchen window which also faces the backyard. My brother suddenly asks me if I've ever seen a UFO. I thought it was a bit strange of him to ask because we were chatting about a whole different topic at the time. As he was asking me this, I saw him gazing out towards the kitchen window and so I looked out the same way. What I saw were 2 diamond shaped objects very brightly lit, a very golden yellow color. My first thought was they were 2 airplanes in a holding pattern waiting to land at Palomar Airport. I initially dismissed my brother's sighting of the 2 objects as airplanes and I quickly looked away. However, I quickly looked back since he was still staring out there all this time, and I took an even closer look to see that the objects did NOT look like planes after all. In fact, in addition to not really looking like airplanes, they were quite large in comparison to the real airplanes in the air at the same time. They were just suspended in air and not really moving anywhere at all. This I found very strange. As my brother and I were coming to realize that we were actually looking at a UFO, the objects instantly disappeared from view!

Then, about 15-20 seconds after that, they reappeared again, but this time as 4 diamond shaped objects with the same brilliant glow and golden yellow color. This time they were in formation, sort of like a parallelogram (slanted square formation). By this time, I called out to my husband who was in our bedroom and also to my daughter who was in another room, to come outside to the backyard to view this strangely beautiful sight. So all of us were standing outside my back lawn viewing this light show which was out of this world, nothing like any of us has ever seen. I felt a bit scared, very excited and in awe, all at the same time. I did not want to keep my eyes away from the light formation in the sky, for fear it would disappear once again. 

This UFO light show went on for about 2 minutes. The objects did not move anywhere, again they were merely suspended in the sky, glowing and staying in their slanted square formation. I still don't even know exactly how far away they were from us. I believe one of the "diamond" shaped objects faded a bit and then appeared again brightly during this timeframe. At the end of the light show, the lights simply "turned off" and we no longer could see the objects. It was as if someone had just turned off the light switch. They had literally disappeared!

I captured only one picture shot of the 4 diamond shaped objects on my IPhone camera, but not at a good close up view. My brother however did capture about 30 seconds of it on video with his camera. Unfortunately, it also was not a close up view. His video is available on youtube.com at this link: http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9YmZHLaRN3M

I'm looking forward to another light show again soon! It sure would be nice to know what exactly we were looking at!
