{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487453","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72214","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3152,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/453/mufon-5487453.json","updb_database_id":5487453}
{dr}Two satellite type objects moved in unison. Then stopped briefly and shot of in opposite directions at extremely high rate of speed.

My wife and I are where avid campers and have spent many weekends and vacations camping in primitive State campgrounds. I am retired Military having served with Naval Air, Army Artillery and Air Force.

We have never reported this event and I will relate it to you in as much detail as I can recall as it occurred some years ago.. We where camping and North/South Lake in the Catskill mountains in New York. The year was late 70s or early 80s. Our campsite was adjacent to the recreation field and offered a clear un-obstructed view of the night sky. At approximately 2800 feet above sea level, this remote primitive mountain top campground had not electric hookups (no lights) and offered spectacular clear views of the night sky and stars against a velvet backdrop.

It was late and all was quiet in the campground. We had a small fire going and my wife and I where cuddling close to the fire to keep warm. I had one of the short chairs you use on the beach with my knees up and my wife was leaning back against my knees as we both gazed at the sky above.

It was not unusual to see satellites passing thru the sky on these nights. They could be seen like bright stars which moves slow and steady across the night sky and we had seen many in the past. We were both silent taking in the night sounds when they moved into view.

From behind us I saw what looked like two satellites moving in perfect unison across the sky at the exact same pace, side by side, and about 1 inch apart. I thought to myself this was unusual as I had never seen two satellites moving this close and in unison. I thought that perhaps this was some type of stereoscopic mapping of the terrain, either optically or perhaps radar 3 dimensional imaging to provide elevation information.

When the objects where directly over head they came to a crisp stop and paused for about 10 seconds at which time the moved at a hight rate of speed, left and right, away from each other. Their speed was such that they crossed the entire sky and disappeared over the horizon and from my view in a second or two.

My wife then asked me 1 Did you just see those two satellites take off in different directions?1. I jokingly answered, 1I didn1t see a thing1. As we talked about it she asked what I thought it was and I told her I had no idea and knew of nothing that could accelerate to the great speed instantly and traverse the entire sky in seconds.
