{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-25 21:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454453","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107166","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3550,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/453/mufon-5454453.json","updb_database_id":5454453}
{rjl} Multiple dim lights following same trajectory, increasing brightness and then disappearing

Just returned home from grocery shopping, was walking down the driveway to the stairs of my condo building and was looking up at the stars. I noticed a dim light moving across the sky, it looked to be a similar distance from me that you'd see a high flying commercial plane, but the light was much more dim. after going over the top of my building, I saw it get much brighter and then disappear. (I have a video of one of the lights doing this. You can't see it before it gets bright because of the light pollution from nearby lights leaking into my phone camera lens, and the fact that these lights were very dim in the sky.) I then noticed another light that looked exactly the same following the same trajectory and then at about the same spot in the sky, it got brighter and then disappeared. At this point I looked at the sky where these lights should have been if they hadn't disappeared, following the same trajectory and speed, but I didn't see anything. I then went upstairs and told everyone what I had just seen, and went to our balcony where [names redacted; TRB, #8229] followed me, and were able to witness light after light showing up from the top of the tree line behind our property, follow the same trajectory. At this angle and being that the roof of the building was above us you weren't able to see the lights get brighter and disappear. We watched this happen for a few minutes, I went inside and got my wife to come out at look as well. She was able to see the same thing and said she saw one of the lights snap backwards in it's line of trajectory and then continue moving in the same line. One of the lights I observed looked to be slightly off the line of trajectory of the others, and made a wobbly motion as it moved and then continued moving without wobbling. A handful of other lights also looked to be slightly off trajectory from the majority of others, but still followed a straight path. After watching this for a few minutes, my wife [name redacted; TRB, #8229], my daughter [name redacted; TRB, #8229], and I went downstairs to the driveway where I saw these lights get brighter and disappear, when we got downstairs there were no more lights. I tried getting in a different position because of all the street lights and other lights in our complex and didn't want the brightness of those to affect my sight of the lights, but I still couldn't see anymore. A cloud had moved over the part of the sky where we were seeing them so I'm assuming that's why, unless they had also just stopped showing up all together. (Picture that I submitted was just a picture of the sky and treeline where we saw the lights appear from)
