{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-04-14 13:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482453","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77506","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2320,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/453/mufon-5482453.json","updb_database_id":5482453}
{nd} Sparkling shining copper crown circle in sky while playing in backyard with brother and friends. We followed it to the street discussing colorful gem like lights. That night I had horribly traumatic abduction

We noticed the sparkling shining copper crown like circle hovering in sky while playing in backyard with brother and friends. We followed it to the street discussing colorful gem like lights. That night I had horribly traumatic abduction "dream" waking next morning.
The dream felt much more than a dream. Strange unrecognizable beings came after all of my family yet my mom, dad and two older brothers were separated from me while they ran out the house seeking refuge via glass doorway of nextdoor neighbor's basement. Followed them the best I could locating where they fled. But moment I reached backyard nextdoor basement doors to rejoin my family, I unable to open basement door plus my family sat at the door staring out towards me hypnotized immovable wouldn't unlock basement door to let me in. I pleaded loudly please let me in. They refused. I struggled to avoid the beings but they grabbed me. Returning home, they landed on front yard in early morning bringing me. My parents ran out of house to meet us begging they return me home like they had agreed the day before. My parents (in this dream) said the beings promised they wouldn't do anything to hurt me. Beings discussed various things with my parents assuring them nothing bad would happen. My parents said please don't come to bother us anymore. I woke up next morning around 10 am, sleeping very late, which was very unusual, running to my brother and parents relating what happened. All of us slept late yet nobody else thought anything happened.
