{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-01-26 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289453","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113904","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3522,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/453/mufon-5289453.json","updb_database_id":5289453}
Sighting over the Gulf of Mexico

Hello everyone! I had an amazing experience that I would like to tell you about and get your comments. My wife and I decided to drive down to Panama City Beach, FL., for a couple weeks to get away from the snow and cold. We rented a condominium that looks out over the Gulf of Mexico. The first night on the deck looking over a clear sky, I started thinking about what happened years ago in Gulf Breeze, FL., when UFO's were witnessed and documented. As soon as I had this thought, it all began. First I noticed a white light moving over the ocean about 35 degrees above the horizon then it blinked out. Then two more lights moving together for a few seconds appeared and then blinked out. I was very excited about this and figured that was about all I would see and I thanked my star friends for showing up. Continuing to meditate, about 15 mins later I witnessed what I think was a ship or orb coming from the same location where the lights appeared. It looked like a orange orb with a white light across the radius of the orb. Then I seen two of the same ships for a few seconds then they disappeared. Then a few moments later, 6 of these orbs appeared and then disappeared in a few seconds. I was very excited and called my wife out to the deck and I doubted they would show up again but they did! My wife witnessed 2 of the orbs with me! We waited a little longer and it all seemed to have stopped so we both went inside and shut the glass sliding door to the deck behind me. As I stood there inside talking to my wife about what happened, all of a sudden the glass sliding door started rattling very loud as if someone was trying to get in! It startled me so much that I threw open the glass door and went out on the deck. Nothing/Nobody was there Then I thought to myself, how could anyone possibly be out here? We are on the 13th floor and there is no way for anyone to get on to our deck. The decks are too far apart. I felt that this was all fantastic and a very exciting and positive experience. Unfortunately I didn't get this on video or camera. I was afraid that if I tried to get the camera ready, I might miss something, as nothing like this has happened to me before. This all happened again the next night except only a few orbs and no rattling door. Nothing happened again for several nights. Then on the fifth night I noticed another white light traveling slowly up the coast over the ocean to the West. This time I got video on my iPhone. When I viewed the 35 sec video I noticed the white light was there but there is also a flying object just below the light which is blurry but you can tell it's rectangular in shape and has colored rotating lights on the base of the object. I need to find someone like a video editor who can help me edit this short video so it's easier to see for everyone. I'm sorry this is so long but I needed to tell someone about this. Thanks.
