{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-10 23:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292453","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110869","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2879,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/453/mufon-5292453.json","updb_database_id":5292453}
Moving, Flashing White Light over Seaford

My wife and I were sitting in our garden at 11.43 PM on the 10th August. It was an extraordinary hot night and we were attempting to keep cool. The sky was partially cloudy towards the south-east and a few stars were visible. My wife noticed a flashing white light towards the south and asked me if I could see it too. I told her I could. It was a white, rapidly repeating, strobe-like light, illuminating the clouds. It must have been quite distant, but very bright. It seemed like a problem with my eyes, as it looked very similar to flashes caused by vitreous fluids in the retina. However, its position was shifting quite discernibly in the night sky. 

Frustratingly, our line of sight to surrounding countryside was blocked on all sides by trees and roofs. We stood on a picnic table for elevation but could still identify the source. It was very low in the sky. At first, we assumed it was the lights of an emergency vehicle being reflected off the clouds, but the flickering light proceeded to circle us, very quickly. It made one full circle, then disappeared towards the south-east. It paused momentarily when in the south-west. At this point, the flickering light changed to a rotating shaft of light; then returned to its rapid flashing. The rotating shaft of light was observed momentarily for a few seconds. It reminded me of the light beams one sometimes sees being projected from music events or discos - but its movement and the context of our rural neighbourhood makes this seem unlikely. 

Intrigued, we did some research and found this article: https://www.sussexexpress.co.uk/news/people/eerie-flashing-lights-night-sky-spook-readers-sussex-and-beyond-2543258. This comment - 'At first, I thought I'm being dizzy and my eyes are going funny' - struck us as particularly interesting, as it very neatly describes what we saw. And as with this report, there was no sound. The night before, we saw sporadic flashes of white light in the same direction, appearing in the south. However, this looked identical to lightning. There was no sound, but we felt that this was simply due to its distance. Sadly, we did not record the event; mainly because at no time could we see the source - and the occurrence stopped after only 2-3 minutes.
