{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-15 22:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453453","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108172","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6329,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/453/mufon-5453453.json","updb_database_id":5453453}
{rjl} One bright light that that was stationary like star but leaves at will. Another like a scout and tons of little ones

On April 15th 2020 at around 10:05 P.M I went outside to smoke a cigarette before bed. I was looking up at the sky and this one bright star like light that resembles Venus but it is not, I saw this light along with another one to it's lower right a week before in a separate location in the sky. I called a friend and her and 2 others witnessed this and also the 2nd star/light disappered. So as I notice this star/light it seems an off color the light doesn't appear like a star. While doing this I noticed a seemengly large number of smaller objects all over the sky, around 20 -50 all moving all over and appeared to be almost playing and shooting out faint blue and red lines of light as if playing tag. These object were redish and blueish but at a dim glow sorta almost like a thin cover was over it. That's when I noticed all these other star like lights sort of on the outskirts kind,behind the trees,and literally! I followed one to a clearing in the trees where it stopped moving on my walk back to my house I look back and notice it going right back to where I originally noticed it. In my head I was thinking what the hell I looked back at the Brightest star like light and it just Vanished into thin air! A little startled I go back inside and try to make sense of what I thought I had seen (because this was just the first hour of what would last for 5 nights about 40 hours of these things in which I observed them doing and becoming and immitating is astonishing. At about 11:00 P.M I went outside to see if what I thought I had seen was still there or not. The bright star/light was still gone as I scan the sky a light catches my right eye. I look over and barely see a light in the neighbor's tree or right behind it as I get on my tip toes I see it fully,at that instant it rose straight up from what was about maybe 8-10 ft off the ground and it made a swooping ark to the left around the tree and straight towards me. I had no time to react but pulled my phone out and recorded it as it went by. This object was around 2-4 ft long and oblongish. As it got within 15 ft of me it turned to the right and up. From what I could tell from looking right at it it seemed like it were composed of two parts or carrying 2 entities, they were in away almost wrapped around eachother but not touching. There was red and blue and white that didn't appear to be lights persay but in the background it was as if there were a screen of really dim really small lights or a surface of which I've never seen. It made a whurrrr sound as it came towards me, but it seemed to mimic a plane as soon as it turned from me. ( Also before I described that to my one friend who I mentioned earlier she actually said when I was telling her it has a noise,she said yeah!! Sounds like a plane huh?) I will say since I was a close to it as I was I believe her to have heard those smaller objects emitting that sound upon being seen by any eye they don't want. After that occured I had 2 objects outside my 2 windows until about 5 a.m on the April 16th. They had an orange light shaped like an electric eye of a bird. They had a little white light that may or may not be separate Frome the orange just different functions,lastely they had some sort of way of turning their faces if they have them or whatever it or they are/is into like a small lampshade life and would sweep across my windows moving the light back and forth as it seemed to float outside my window moving left to right. Both were messing with my windows all night and whenever I tried to record or take a picture other than the first time if that white light sees your eyes or the infrared light from the phone's camera it would erase them and kill my battery shutting my phone off . All of these were a nightly occurance for me for 5 nights. I observed in great detail one of those stars/lights as I walked up to it to try and communicate with it in order to see what it wanted. At this moment I am going to reserve the right to post that information as it will be the one thing that hopefully will keep my sighting relevant and worthy of being inquired into as to further understand this sighting and to hopefully have an outlet for people that in situations like I was in have someone they can call or somewhere to get info. I will conclude in this! They're smart they're tech is smart and what they are capable of is infinite,it's only finite to whatever their surroundings are and I watched them adapt and in the A.M on April 20th based on what I had witnessed I had reason to check the surrounding trees for any lights that might be hanging back. I understand these lights when it comes to distances because i had objects of measurement to go off. So when I say in the tree that's EXACTLY what I mean. I noticed one for sure that nested in a tree and a second possibly that I just couldn't confirm. I would like to say that when you are someone like me that has great perspective and are capable of seeing things from all angles, and inside out and upside down..... This scared the shit out of me and very few people I feel like actually believe me but it's so messed up. I honestly dont believe in aliens and I believe in God And Jesus Christ! But all the E.T believers will tell you no way that didn't happen along with all the Religious folk! LOL I don't understand how one can believe one and not the Other! There was also one last thing that I witnessed on April 20 2020 at around 7 A.M. It gave me a message. Thank you!!! for taking your time to read this I'm sorry if some of its vague but there was alot that happened and too much to put in here.
