{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-07 19:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285453","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"117953","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2855,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/453/mufon-5285453.json","updb_database_id":5285453}
8 objects in total, in two groups: 6 leading, 2 trailing

At approximately 7:45pm, 7 September 2021, I was preparing to leave work. I am a mechanic who services a fleet of diesel trucks, and have a large garage door, facing due East, that I shut every night. As I was exiting this door, I noticed a bright Orange light directly in front of my line of sight, about five degrees above the tree line. As I watched it move north, I realized it was not a single light, but a cluster of 6, roughly in a triangle formation, but each object at a slightly different elevation. I immediately searched for my phone to record what I was seeing but was unable to get it out in time, and began recording just as they went out of sight behind the tree line. That is when I looked south towards the direction their flight path indicated they had come from, and saw two more following after the first group. I was able to follow these two objects and record a 2:17 video of them. They seemed to display intentional movement, as at the point I began recording them, they are separated by some distance, and the trailing object catches up with the leading one, now traveling side by side. They continue on the same flight path as the first group of 6, and just before they go out of sight, the object nearest to me changes it’s position in the pair, smoothly orbiting around the farther object, with no apparent change in velocity. All objects traveled at what I determine to be the same velocity as the two I recorded. None of the objects made noise, nor did they display any sort of direction indicating lights that you would see on conventional aircraft. There was no cloud cover. Shortly after I lost sight of the 2 objects I recorded went out of sight, two jets appeared from the west and traveled in the direction that I lost sight of all 8 objects. I was the only person on the premises who witnessed these objects, but as of 9/14/21, I have now learned of at least one other person who saw the same group of objects and was able to take a photo of the group I was unable to record. This person was approximately 22 miles east of where I saw them.
