{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-26 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521085","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35301","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3190,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/085/mufon-5521085.json","updb_database_id":5521085}
Observed Red-Orange Pulsating Light Twice in 5 min in Dallas, TX 1/26/2012

1. I was at my apartment, and having just read recent twitter reports by local WFAA news station that green orbs had been reported in Dallas and Arlington in the last few hours, with police helicopters not finding anything. I had finished dinner recently, and had no alcohol in my system at all. I decided to go outside on my 2nd floor patio and see if I happened to see anything. My field of view is mostly southward, about 180 degrees of vision. 

2. I was just looking around, seeing the normal patterns of planes overhead that fly to Love Field all the time, and then saw a bright red-orange light hovering about 115 degrees SE, about 20 degrees off horizon where I was standing. It seemed to first rise up about 2 degrees from behind a building structure in my view path, and then hover. I figured it was over the Garland or Far East Dallas area because of the low flight path and the brightness of the light.

3. I knew it wasnt a plane since there were no strobing lights after a minute, having observed many from my apartment for years. I thought maybe it was a helicopter, but not with a light that was just red-orange in color without any flashing FAA lights. It felt very strange, out of place. 

4. The light after it rose up stayed in position briefly, then dimmed slightly, and began pulsing slowly, repeating cycles about every 5 seconds. It then seemed to get slowly overall dimmer, and then curve slightly back to the south, then disappear. That sequence lasted about 2 minutes, and then 1 minute later, What seemed like another light appeared at the same spot that the first one did, rising up in the same way, and then making an almost identical flight pattern as the 2nd one, with the same pulsing and then fade out. The whole sequence lasted about 5 minutes. I did try to see if my iPhone could make out the light, but it was too far away, and I could not see it on my screen, so I did not take a picture or video the sighting.

5. I was very excited, having a feeling like this was unlike anything I had seen here in Dallas, especially after observing all the planes flying almost directly overhead constantly during the day and night. It just felt in my gut something else. I stayed outside for another 30 minutes or so, and did not observe anything else. I decided to tweet my findings briefly.

My tweets:
[twitter links moved FI section/cms/tg]

6. As described, the lights both times just faded out after making its slight bank to the south, and the fade out lasted about 2 seconds each time.
