{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-31 22:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495085","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64364","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2718,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/085/mufon-5495085.json","updb_database_id":5495085}
{dr}Last night I saw a beautiful Amber glowing orb 3-4 houses down from my parents house, which is close to lake erie.

Last night, March 31,2015. I was stopping over my parents house with my one year old daughter... It was around I think 10:20 pm. I stop there a lot because I have a sick father and I want him to see his granddaughter as much as possible. I drove down there street pulled in the driveway, went to get out of my car, just happen to look up and saw a huge!!!!!! Glowing Amber ball of light. It was beyond... I think it took my breath away! So parked in my parents driveway with my one year old still in the back seat, I ran to the front door and yelled for my brother to come out n look. So after he came out I ran my baby into n gave her to my mom... Baby was crying from a dirty diaper. My brother then went in... I stayed out waiting for my phone battery to charge so I could get a quick video, because I wanted my fianc1 to see it, I facetime him he sees it. I only got 3 mins of video. And it had to be there glowing n hovering for a good hour..if not 40 mins. So I had to go in because my baby has separation anxiety. Held her, opened my parents back door it was still there.. By the time I told my dad.. He and my brother got in the car to go n look for it some more. But it was gone by the time they left. My mom was scared yelling at all 3 of us and said shut n lock my doors. And then I left my parents n went home and I was telling me fianc1 all about it some more and I just rember feeling different. And when I was driving home and even when I got home I felt so many different emotions. Excited, spiritual, paranoid. It was hard driving home because I couldn't help but to keep looking up! 

Sorry I'm not so good at writing... But it hovered for a good 40 mins and it just glowed bright and then would dim at random... I just sat n stood I kept going back n forth from my car trying to check if my phone was charged yet. It was about 3-4 houses down from my parents house and look to be about less than 100 ft above the house n tree... It was low. And Lake Erie is right there. And I guess that's it
