{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-19 06:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5517085","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"40953","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3559,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/085/mufon-5517085.json","updb_database_id":5517085}
{dr}Huge mass hovering to a stop. Very, 2 massive very bright orange lights blinding me, seconds later vanishes into clouds

[Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]

Whats in that picture is the craft flying away from Me. Within a couple seconds it went from about 1,000 feet up to what looks like about 5,000 feet up.

I was walking through the French Quarter at about 6:30 am. I looked up saw/ heard a passenger jet fly over. I recognized its shape and saw its blinking navigation lights immediately as i have seen many hundreds of air craft before it. Ive always been able to identify every single craft ive ever witnessed in the air.

Im an air force brat, born and raised spent my life studying jets, planes and all things in the air. plus always known about UFOs, seen pictures, heard stories been a fan of Science Fiction since i was old enough to read and learn about the universe at large. what happened yesterday morning was nothing like ive ever seen or even thought i would ever see. It was like something out of Close Encounters of the 3rd Kind, accept REAL.

It looked like very, very bright, orange headlights at first on a slow moving helicopter that hovered to a stop in the middle of my point of view. It was in the middle of the street about 1 mile away and about 500-1000 feet up. It came to a stop when i stopped in the middle of the street. I looked at it and thought what is that, i cant see the shape of the air craft due to the almost blinding brightness of the orange lights. Now, It reminded me of the feeling of being under a spotlight. the same light in your eyes a DJ might feel on stage in front of 30,000 people. A blinding light.

After a couple seconds of trying to see the shape of the craft, it looked like it was fading and going up into the sky so i grabbed my camera took the photo and it was gone.

The craft was low enough to look like some kind of big hovering mass i couldnt even tell what shape it was due to the brightness of the light shining on me as tho i was under an extremely bright spotlight. I grabbed the camera too the pic and it vanished.

something extraordinary and life changing has happened to me. Yesterday i experienced what ive explained here. Something stunning, wonderful, unexplainable and ... after some thought, something i was ready for. Ive been preparing for this since old enough to read.

You see those three lights ? Ive just told you where they came from, what it looked like up close as they shined a lazer or spotlight on me and thats what it looks like as it speeds away into the sky at about 10,000 miles an hour. Im an artist and musician who is creative in many ways, however im not creative nor skilled enough to make this up.

If you doubt, me, go ahead. Youre free to. But youll be denying something real and is poss the biggest thing thats ever happened to me in my life.
