{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498085","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61171","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9047,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/085/mufon-5498085.json","updb_database_id":5498085}
{nd} This is a UFO I have filmed 10 times & comes to my area every night of the week since June - 2014

I KNOW WHERE TO FIND, SEE, FILM AND STUDY A UFO ANY NIGHT OF THE WEEK - ALL NIGHT LONG. AS FAR AS I KNOW I AM THE ONLY PERSON ON THE PLANET OR IN THE HISTORY OF UFOLOGY THAT CAN MAKE SUCH A CLAIM. 
  I have been tracking and studying a craft for the past five months that is in my area every night. I have filmed it from two different directions and by using triangulation methods I know exactly where it appears and where it goes.
  I first noticed the craft in June - 2014. It may have been around before that time but June - 2014 was when I first noticed it. I was at home and saw what looked like a very bright light about the size of a golf ball that I placed between 3 & 5 miles from me due east of my position about 50 degrees above the horizon. I have been watching the sky since I was a child and I am very aware of what airplane and helicopter lights look like as well as what stars and planets and other celestial objects (meteors, satellites, etc.) look like. I am also well versed in the sciences, especially astronomy and I have dabbled in quantum physics, so I recognized right away this was not a common light in the sky. The light this gave off was more like liquid meaning it shifted in colors from white to blue and green but not like conventional lights with pointed edges but more like liquid light that flowed from color change to color change. It also has a small red light that sometimes moves around it in a figure 8 configuration. I watched it that first time move in a westerly direction after sitting in one spot for 20 minutes and then it disappeared behind the tree line on the top of the mountains. It moved no more than 50 MPH or less. I thought this really strange and even stranger when it appeared in exactly the same spot I first noticed it 15 minutes later and it did the exact same thing it did the first time. It hovered for 20 minutes and then moved in a westerly direction again and disappeared behind the mountain tops. 15 minutes later it was back again a third time and did the same thing again. This went on all night long. Of particular interest is that it does not seem to care who notices it. It does it`s thing on a nightly basis as if it has all the right in the world to be there. There seems to be no concern about concealment.
  Once I noticed it I could not stop seeing it. It came the next night and the night after that. The only time since June (and this is October) that I have not seen it is when the fog rolls in as I live on the Pacific coast.
  Since then I have tracked it for the past 5 months and I know when it comes and where it will be at any time of the night. I can sell tickets and guarantee a sighting. I know this object so well I can tell you what it will do just by it`s color shift.
  I have filmed this craft up close and personal and it is like no other UFO I can find anywhere on the internet. For lack of words it looks like 3 very rough looking mountain peaks sitting on a guitar pick. That is exactly what it looks like and no other way to describe it. There are two parts to it with appendages that stick out of it at different angles. I will refer to the bottom part as the base. The base is triangular however that is not exactly right as the corners are rounded and not sharp edged. It looks 100% exactly like a guitar pick that is blacker than the night sky around it and that part of the craft is very smooth. 
  The top part looks like mountain peaks with large crevices between them that separate them. There are three of them but there may be another peak at the back that I cannot see. The tops of the peaks are curved or hooked - not pointed. The mountains are very rough looking and they are what light up on the ship. There are small lights that come on and go off around different parts of the craft but the mountains are the main light source. The mountain peaks shift in colors from white to rose to red to blue and green. I have noticed that when the craft shifts to red or rose it starts to move. When just sitting in one spot it tends to stay white in color or will shift colors such as blue and green but as mentioned when it gets ready to move it shifts to red.
  Both the surfaces of the bottom and top parts of the craft have energy lines of some type that are continuously running across the surfaces. They almost look like tiny black lines moving along the surface. It is almost like the craft is coated in an energy field of some type and that is what is causing the lines on the surface. The energy lines increase and become more pronounced as the craft turns red or starts to move and are less pronounced when it is just sitting still.
  There is an appendage like a long pole that sticks out of the front. At the end of the pole is something that is identical in shape to the old style German potato masher hand grenades they used in WWII. There are red lights that go around the cylinder part and the handle part glows white. For what it`s worth the appendage was pointed right at me when I filmed it. To the side there is what looks like to be girders (like steel girders - however I am sure there is no steel on this craft) that stick out at 180 degrees. The girders have faint lights that come on and off and it is only when the girder lights come on that you can see the girders themselves.
  The closest I ever got to it and this is an estimate, is about 1/2 mile filming at 50 degrees above the horizon. Using an inexpensive digital camera with a 12X zoom I got incredible detail. The videos I have shot of the craft are up close and personal. This is not a light in the sky shot from miles away - or something that one could argue must be a new type of military craft. This is something that is completely alien to anything I have ever imagined let alone actually seen before.
  Based on my estimate of being a 1/2 mile distance from the object when I filmed it I estimate that each of the 3 sides of the triangular guitar pick shape to be 100 feet long or longer. I estimate the thickness of the guitar pick shape to be 20 feet or more thick. I estimate the mountain peaks that sit on the guitar pick shape to be at least 20 stories (which equals 200 feet)or more high.
  I think most people would be absolutely terrified if they saw what I saw. The shape of the craft is not like a nice uniform smooth saucer shape or sphere that you can easily remember or relate to when thinking about it. This craft instead is extremely complicated and not easily recalled in detail when thinking about it. Unless you sit and study the video for a long period of time and commit the shape to memory it is a very hard configuration to remember in detail. Overall it is not like where you see something smooth and uniform and pretty like a saucer and say "OMG - look at that" and stand there and watch it and film it. I think if most people saw the object I am talking about in real life they would run away in complete fear and not bother about the camera shot. I have shown my films to a few people and the reaction is the same - shock and fear mostly because they have nothing in their backgrounds to refer to when looking at this craft. It is literally new and strange territory and for the most part most people do not like new and strange territories.
   As mentioned I have been studying this craft for five months both close up and from a distance and I have never once got a feeling of fear or a feeling that I was being threatened in any way from it. I have no idea what it is doing night after night but one thing I know for sure - whoever built this technology could easily take over our planet and they have not done it yet. The craft inspires in me a feeling of wonderment and curiosity - not fear or apprehension. It makes me want to learn more about it - not run from it.
  I have 10 video clips of the craft showing it both cruising above my area and up close with really amazing detail. Before I send any of them I would like a representative of MUFON to contact me. 
  There is one thing about this case that is completely different from any other reported incident submitted to MUFON or perhaps even in the history of ufology - I CAN SHOW YOU A UFO THAT YOU CAN SEE, FILM AND STUDY EVERY NIGHT OF THE WEEK UP CLOSE AND PERSONAL. This is something the world should know about. 
  Please contact me - thank you.
