{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-27 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488085","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71566","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7645,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/085/mufon-5488085.json","updb_database_id":5488085}
{cak} Triangular UFOs appeared in Northern Iowa during the Blood Moon

I drove down from Minneapolis to visit friends in Britt, IA. During the course of my visit the Blood Moon was taking place so we sat in lawn chairs in someone's front yard to watch the event. The yard we were in was on the northwest edge of town so there were open farm fields to the north and the west of where we were sitting with the small town of Britt to the east and south of us. The eclipse of the moon was in itself a mysterious event and having seen many UFOs myself in Minnesota over the years I was leery that the Blood Moon may be trigger another event somehow.

It's interesting to note that I had mentioned to the other people I was with that I was fearful that there may be a UFO event because there was an eeriness in the air that night. The two different families from Britt that I was with both mentioned that they had witnessed triangular UFOs in the area recently. The owner of the house we were at said that two years ago a triangular UFO hovered over the field just north of her house for over two hours. She, her family and the other family from Britt who was there had seen some triangular UFOS when they were camping in July, 2015 (two months earlier) in Crystal Lake, IA.

On the night of the Blood Moon, we were focused on the progress of the eclipse and right before the moon was almost completed covered, I noticed several flashes of light in front of the moon that resembled flashes from cameras going off at the same time. A few seconds later an object appeared from the east (which is the same direction we were looking at the moon). It was heading right for us and was approximately 100 yards above the tree tops. It didn't look like an airplane, for one thing is that it was absolutely silent. As it approached us we could see that it was triangular in shape with several white lights on the edge with one red and one green light flashing. 

As this first UFO was fast approaching us, a second identical triangular UFO appeared from nowhere just south of the first object and took off to the north at a high rate of speed toward the first object. We thought the second object was going to collide with the first object as the second one accelerated at a high rate of speed and just missed the first object but what seemed like inches.

The first object then went right over our heads and the seven of us were able to tell that it was a solid, triangular shaped object. The first object then moved over the town of Britt and stopped about 5-6 miles out of town to the northwest where it hovered in place for a couple hours. The second object moved over the town of Britt and stopped about 5-6 miles out of town to the northeast and hovered in place for hours. The first and second UFOs appeared between 9:30 and 10pm. Around 10:30pm, a third triangular UFO appeared from nowhere in the east and moved over Britt until it reached the hovering first object. Once it reached the first object, it hovered n place about 100 yards above the first object. The two objects hovered close to each other for awhile until the first object finally became moving to the west and eventually floated out of sight.

The second object that was hovering 5-6 miles in the northeast part of town was joined by a fourth triangular object that showed up from nowhere and hovered near the second object. Between 9:30 pm and 2am we counted at least 14 triangular UFOS appearing and hovering over and around Britt. We took a break for a half hour around midnight and eventually went to bed at 2am so it's possible that there were more than 14 UFOS because new objects kept appearing all night long and were still active when we went to bed.

We took pictures and a video of the objects but it's interesting to note that the second object that was still hovering to the northeast when we went to bed at 2am wouldn't let us take its picture. It was much brighter than the stars but when we took pictures of that particular UFO, only the fainter stars showed up but the UFO didn't.

We were wondering if these objects had come for us because it didn't make sense why they were hovering outside of Britt. There are no military installations there and it's a farming community. The closest airport is a regional airport in Mason City, IA which is 30 miles away. What did they want? Interestingly, my friend and I were afraid to go to bed because we may not wake up or may wake up with unexplained injuries. It should be noted, however, that when we did wake up the next morning we had unexplained pains that appeared after we went to bed. His pain was in his back. For me, I had a pain that ran from my hip all the way down to the back of my left knee. I needed to see my chiropractor every other day for the next two weeks to cure the mysterious injury to L3 in my back. My chiropractor was perplexed and asked if I had done anything unusual because my back issues were in a place that we've never needed to adjust before.

In July, 2015 my same group of friends I was visiting in Britt, IA had gone camping in Crystal Lake, IA and had a close range encounter with one of these same triangular shaped UFOS. I asked if anything unusual resulted from the encounter and my friend mentioned that the next morning both batteries on his bus were completely dead. The bus had always started no problem before this night and after charging the batteries has had no problems since. No dome lights were left on that could have drained the batteries because they would have noticed they had left their lights on since they were sleeping in the bus.

Also in 2015, there were reports that all the fish and algae in Crystal Lake (Crystal Lake, IA) were killed and nobody has had an explanation as to why. Now Crystal Lake is the clearest it's ever been and it's easy now to see the bottom of the lake. There have also been posts on Facebook lately that people in Storm Lake, IA have been witnessing these same triangular shaped UFOs. Storm Lake is less than 60 miles west of Britt and it's interesting to note that many of the triangular shaped UFOs we saw in Britt moved through town and continued west, perhaps on their way to Storm Lake.

My friend from Britt visited me in Minneapolis a week later and we were listening to music when suddenly two of my five CD changers both stopped working at exactly the same time. We used a different CD player to listen to a new CD but the new CD stuck on one song. At that point I went outside on my deck and saw the same triangular object moving away from my part of town. That object was about three miles south of my house and was moving west. Interestingly, since then my friend from Britt was at my house again and we watched a sphere shaped UFO appear in the northwest and move to the southeast over the city of Minneapolis when suddenly it imploded and disappeared in mid-air. This same friend also texted me last Saturday (October 10) that he was watching another triangular UFO hovering 5-6 miles to the northeast of Britt, IA again.
