{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-08-11 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482085","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77883","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3276,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/085/mufon-5482085.json","updb_database_id":5482085}
After sunset me and few people have seen hovering orange ufo near one of two mountins. It was there 3 minutes than quick ascending away while changing color.

It was another summer night in Bol - island Brač in Croatia. I was 11 by that time. We were living in a part of city up there where there were few houses and families. Sky was not black but very nice dark blue and you can still see some orange warm sky on the horizon. Our neighbour starting to yell and we run to see what it is. My father and I was right next to guy. There is also another from other house that used to have telescope. When he have seen ufo he run for it but he didn't made it so quick. Object was glowing and it was on same spot for almost 4 minutes. It was orange and in kind of disc but not so flat one. It has his own light source and there are some slight changes in lights from orange to red on some point of object. We were all excited and I know my dad went crazy he is huge sci-fi fan. We couldn't move our eyes from object. It was silent and quiet far from our point of view. There are two mountains and this object was somewhere after first one. But still few miles away. People are saying what is this? doesn't move and it doesn't have that blinking lights as planes or helicopters has. Sky was completely clear. Still no signs of stars on it. After 3,5 minutes objects starts to move away from us and slightly on right so it went behind mountain. The speed is ascending but I never seen anything so quick ever. in few seconds its gone behind first mountain which is approximetly 500-700m high. The other is 1000m or so. It's highest one in Dalmatia islands. While moving away object get some green color in it's structure. Colors were mixing like in some 60's psychodelic way. For me as a child it was just wow but my father and buys who were there couldn't sleep all night and were talking about what they have seen all night. 
This is part of my life I will never forget. Whatever it is it isn't not human and it was beautiful. Peaceful and it looks like it was just observing. 
That was era without cell phones and quick cameras. My dad was photographer but at that moment he was just blessed that this thing is happening in front of his eyes so he didn't think much about making photo of it. Everything was so quick.
Two decades later I have another ufo sight I will report that one too.
