{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-17 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490085","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69508","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2406,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/085/mufon-5490085.json","updb_database_id":5490085}
{rjl} Observed strange light in the sky

I had gone to my front porch to smoke and I looked at the sky as I always do just to see the stars. I looked in the southwestern sky and noticed an odd shaped reddish orange light above a ridge close by I pointed it out to my husband and he said oh it's just the moon covered by clouds. I showed him the moon was very visible in on the opposite side in the northeastern sky. The light started out as a long shape similar to a comet but it was not moving just hovering there above the tree line. It was partly cloudy and you could see the clouds and sky below the object illuminated like the object was shining a light down from it. There is normally frequent air traffic in this area of the sky and I found it strange I was seeing no airplane activity. The light began to fade and seemed as if the object turned but I could still see a trail coming from it although it really hadn't changed position in the sky it seemed stationary other than the dimming of the light. We observed this for about ten minutes and it was just a hovering orb shaped light that seemed to get dim and then brighter still with the area below very illuminated. Then we began to see a lot of air traffic and we watched the orb just disappear. There were several airplanes but we noticed two in particular that continued to circle this area where the orb had been. They may have been helicopters not sure bc of the distance and cloud cover. We watched two airplanes or helicopters circle this area and descend lower in the sky directly over the ridge where we had just seen the strange orb light. Then all of a sudden the air and field around us began to get very foggy and the sky very cloudy to the point we could no longer see anything in the sky so we went inside and began to discuss how we just saw a UFO.
