{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-08 12:48:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502085","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56936","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3073,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/085/mufon-5502085.json","updb_database_id":5502085}
{cak} UFO BEECHCRAFT STARSHIP-ESQUE SHIP FLIES OVERHEAD, S TO NW 310-315 Degrees NW.

1. Where were you and what were you doing at the time?

Sitting outside in the yard with my girlfriend, Smoking a Cigarette.

2. What made you first notice the object?

A loud, Almost Eerie noise that emanated from the object. The aircraft sounded like a cross between a Normal Plane, And deep roar/humming came from the object itself.

3.What did you think the object was when you first noticed it?

At first glance, the object looked alien, Not Military, Not anything from a museum. It looked body-wise, Bobsled like, With two wing-like projections from the nose of the aircraft- and Two almost pincer-like back wings.

4. Describe the object and its action and motions in detail.

At first glance, the object looked alien, Not Military, Not anything from a museum. It looked body-wise, Bobsled like, With two wing-like projections from the nose of the aircraft- and Two almost pincer-like back wings. The object seemed to have a grey/black/lead hue to the at this point questionable UFO, Resembling that of a Beech craft Star ship, Ending production in 1995.
There are none of these in our area.

So that Ends your speculation of a Beech craft Star ship.

The Aircraft seemed to glide, with no propulsion trail behind it, no beam of light, etc. As it left the line of sight, temperatures raised immediately after out of sight. Motions and actions seemed like it was heading in a steady direction, NW at 310-315 Degrees. Moving at possibly 140/150, Possibly 200 MPH. Too fast to truly get much detail. The craft did not seem to have windows, or a cockpit.

5. Describe your feelings, reactions and actions, during and after sighting of the object.

Feelings of Extreme Wonder, Not panic, But now wanting to see this happen again. My reaction seemed as if it wasn't real at all. I couldn't believe what was in front of my eyes, and nor could my girlfriend. At the time we both questioned our sanity, but ran to get a paper and pencil to try to recreate what the craft was like, roughly.

We then took the rough sketch to the neighbor, And his response was that he had never seen an Aircraft like it, and that he too found it incredibly interesting and would keep a definite eye out.

6. How did you lose sight of the object?

We lost sight of the object after it went over a Park located to the NW of where we stood. Out of sight over the tall trees located to NW.
