{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-10 22:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504317","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54577","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3448,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/317/mufon-5504317.json","updb_database_id":5504317}
{cak} I STILL CANT BELIEVE IT WAS SO CLOSE, RIGHT ABOVE MY HEAD BEFORE THAT IT WAS COMING STRAIGHT AT ME!

I have been noticing these strange lights for a while now right out the back of our home, and they are in the front too, but I smoke out back... THIS TIME MY MOM SAW IT TOO!!! She just happened to be saying goodnight, and telling me she was going up to bed, so I told her to look up at a different light which was moving very strangely as a small plane approached what looked like merely a few feet from that light thing, then as soon as the plane was past that strange light which mostly seemed to be hovering still again at this point. So my Mom stood there for a moment to see that, then all the sudden at about the exact second we both noticed to the far left of the strange light I had pointed out, a very CLOSE very LOW orange to sort of red egg shaped or orb like light. We both kind of say look at that one, I asked Mom where did that come from, it weren't there a second ago, and she agreed, and I, not thinking pointed at it. So then it very slowly came right at me, it changed altitude a few times, at this point I was kinda freaking out. I was scared so, I moved away from Mom and asked her to stay at the back door step area, she wanted me to come on in, but I needed to see it. I also felt the need to sign to it that I saw it, and I knew what it was, I really didn't mean to lie to it though, I have no stinking idea what it was, and now I am scared, I keep seeing these lights up there, all around, but never this close. Why did I point at the thing? And then signal to it like that? Our little Jack Russel dog was also very scared. This was just tonight, it was just a little while ago, I would love to know if anyone else in this area seen that! There is something VERY scary happening around here! I always thought when the other lights are/were up further in the sky that they were more of a perfect circle, some being a triangular shape, but this one has me wondering, as it seemed perfectly round when we first saw it, but then it got so close and just above me and I noticed it was an egg shape more than a circle. What was that? Should I be worried? I am a believer in Jesus Christ, and while I do mess up, like lying in a moment of fear to a unknown glowing flying object, telling it I know what it is when I really don't know at all; I tell you that my Lord and Savior knows that what I am telling you I just saw, and my Mom just saw as well, is exactly as I just described it. I need answers more than ever before. I intend to try to catch these things on my cheap cell phone cam and learn how to send them to this form or youtube. However when I try to cam the lights in the sky they wont show up, I am new to all this, but I now need to know, and want video or pics to show anyone else who would be able to tell me what it is!
