{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-30 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529317","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26213","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3609,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/317/mufon-5529317.json","updb_database_id":5529317}
Bright as star, very fast blinking, across eastern sky (S to N) w/in ~3seconds w/ 90 dgr turn + zigzagging. It blinked out before reaching edge of horizon.

I noticed what I thought was a planet (I watch the night sky all time, live right next to airport and know a plane or satellite from star or planet). A fast blinking light, as bright as a planet, made a very quick 90 degree turn while I was watching it. It started in the Southern end of the eastern horizon (South of where Orion appears for me). It moved very fast between blinks, which were fast double blinks each time, and crossed the entire skyline within a matter of a few seconds. When it was nearing the northern skyline, about 5 inches, from my ground view, it lost it's intensity with each blink and then simply went out. This was not a satellite, I see them all the time, they do not blink and they move much slower as they cross the sky. It was also not a plane. After living here over ten years, I am aware of what the planes look like as they approach the airport from any direction. This was not approaching the airport because it was much too high in the sky and moving too quickly. Unfortunately, I did have a camera or phone to document. As it crossed the sky it made odd moves, like a zigzag pattern; from my viewpoint, it would be about an inch wide zigzag pattern until it began to dim. I did not have usual red lights airplanes do as they move across the sky. This was constant bright white, like a planet, blinked very fast and moved at a speed I've never seen. There were some wispy clouds in the sky and I was able to see the light through the clouds when it passed above them. 

As a side note, I have always been interested in research to determine the long term effect on a human body if it were subjected to many years (thousands) in space? Would the body's structure end up looking similar to what is so commonly reported? Large eyes and head to account for changes from the darkness of space and changes in skull, along with complete loss of muscle mass from the lack of gravity and the skin color or thickness due to the effects of space. I would be very interesting to see what science would conclude a human body would look like and how much it would resemble the commonly known/seen grays; short or tall. Just a thought which continually comes to mind every time I watch or think about this UFO topic. I hope you are able to compile a group of experts willing to utilize their resources to determine if my theory may have any merit. I may be on the right track about the origin of the intelligent beings. Who knows, maybe this is the answer to where the Mayans or other similar groups disappeared to. Anything could be the answer or possible regarding this topic. If you are, or do decide, to research this theory, please let me know so I can follow any results.

My agreement to your release regarding third party investigation is only under the condition my information continue to be anonymous to the general public.
