{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-15 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495317","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64127","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2633,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/317/mufon-5495317.json","updb_database_id":5495317}
{rjl} happened to glance up to see poss. stars, saw object instead. no lights, no noise. watched for several minutes before my stepson wanted to go home.

(It has been several years so date is sketchy) Coming home from picking my stepson up via bus for weekend visitation. It was about 10pm and we were walking from the bus stop to the apartment I shared at that time with my husband (then fiancee). I am a stargazer and I often look up to see what I can see despite the Pacific Northwest's cloudy tendency.
I don't recall now if it was clear or not because it wasn't stars that I saw. It was well past night fall but the object had no lights. It was a matte grey color as best I could tell. And was hovering or perhaps just moving very slowly. There was no sound at all that I could hear (next to I-5 on a Friday night). I could see the shape due to the street lights. It looked like if you took a boomerang and purposely made one side shorter than the other. We were standing on a slope and I am probably not a great judge of such things but due to the incline, the height of the power lines right there and the sphere of illumination from the streetlights I estimate that the object couldn't have been much higher than 100-200 feet above street level. It was almost directly over our heads when I first noticed it. 
We watched it for several minutes, at least 2 but not more than 5, the object did seem to drift a bit but didn't move very far. I would have stayed longer but my stepson said he was cold and wanted to go home.
I have mentioned the event to a small number of people, in a conversational capacity, not an official report. In the several years since it has occurred to me that, though I personally believe the "bizarre and unusual" is far more common than most people want to think, I should probably have been more excited about what I was seeing. 
I could make a sketch upon request or give more exact details of location, but considering the length of time since the incident I'm not sure if it would make a difference.
