{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1960-08-01 06:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500317","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58792","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2673,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/317/mufon-5500317.json","updb_database_id":5500317}
I saw the object and thought it was going to crash. After finding nothing I lost some time.

I don1t know if this means anything but something happened in August of 1959. It1s been bothering me for years and I1ve only told my brother about it. I was born in the small Abitibi town of Iroquois Falls, Ontario and at the age of four, my father got a job in Falconbridge, Ontario just outside of Sudbury. It might be interesting to know that CFB Falconbridge, a NORAD scramble air base was operating near by. The jets used to fly over often.

I was 6 years old at the time and used to get up at around 5:00 am and out to play shortly after. Our town1s main street had a gas station, restaurant and department/grocery store. The other side of the street was empty as it was the lip of what we called the pot hole. It was where the first mine was. It was strip mining.

I was playing by the gas station by myself when I saw an object that flying very fast into the pot hole and I was sure it was one of the jets crashing. It didn1t make any noise (I don1t really remember) but there was no crashing noise, I had run up to the pot hole (less than a minute) and there was nothing there so I ran to the fence on the east end and at that location you could see for miles and miles around. There was no sign of a plane anywhere.

I wandered around for a short time very puzzle about the whole thing. I was also very hungry and went home to have some breakfast. My mother asked me where I had been all day. It was late afternoon. If seeing that object was puzzling, not knowing where I had been all day surly took the cake.

I tried to tell my mom about it but she thought I was making up a story. I never discussed this with anyone until years later when I told my brother. He believed me and said I should report it. I never told anyone else and never knew where I could report it to until I saw your show 1Hanger 11 and checked you out on the net. I1ve waited for a while but finally decided to write you. Probably nothing will come of it but I thought I might let you know my story.
