{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-18 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491317","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68253","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3262,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/317/mufon-5491317.json","updb_database_id":5491317}
{cak} Suspicious star-like cluster seen high in the night sky.

On the night of October 18, 2014, I arrived home around 11:30/12 midnight. When I got out of the car, I looked up, as usual, to stargaze. It was a clear night and so I looked up in the back lot of my house because I have a big, wide open view of the sky. As I looked at stars I recognized, I noticed a group of stars in the SW direction of my sky. There were maybe 6 or 8 I'm guessing. They were more faint than the other stars and their mutual color was slightly off compared to the other stars/planets in the sky. They seemed a little fainter than the rest and their color was maybe a little gold-ish. They also seemed like they were a lot higher up than the rest. At first I assumed that they were so high up that maybe they were behind a really high up faint cloud so they were blurred and faint. They didn't "twinkle" like a star. I ruled out a plane or helicopter right away. Then I thought satellite, blimp, weather balloon, but I'm not sure what they are supposed to look like so still wasn't sure. I also didn't see any indication that would convince me it was any of those, however. This all happened in matter of seconds, by the way. What made me drop my jaw was that I noticed that they were in a cluster, individually, independently moving (like maybe spinning or circling) within their cluster, and at the same time, simultaneously moving as a group across the sky heading east. They remained basically as high as when 1st sighted. It doesn't make sense to me. I ran to get my binoculars but they disappeared from my sight line, behind the neighborhood houses I guess, never to be seen again. So I immediately Facebook posted my sighting and Googled it but got no satisfying answers. I wrote to NASA and 2 months later I got a generic answer and it just directed me to their links. No explanation. Someone told me about your site so here I am. I'm just looking for a possible explanation to ease my crazy-curious mind. I'm open minded and would like to know every possibility. I felt like I was just seeing something "cool" that had a perfect explanation. Then I thought it was "out of this world" and my heart dropped in shock, I calmed down to concentrate on what I believe I was witnessing, a possible ufo. Afterwards I was disappointed that I lost sight. Then I got excited to spread my news. I did not experience any common "encounter" feelings or physical changes that are commonly reported on closer contacts. Just my human emotions! I am a believer of Ufo and Et's and etc. but I'm also realistic about misconceptions. I hope someone can explain this phenomenon. 

Thank you
