{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-10-24 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291317","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112019","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4446,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/317/mufon-5291317.json","updb_database_id":5291317}
Below

I was driving home from Brattleboro, Vt. on Saturday night Oct. 24,2020 at approximately 1930 hrs. I have a habit of stopping every now and again to take temperature readings as I had a digital thermometer in the back of my rental pickup truck. During one of these stops I was looking out my driver’s side window and saw a long bar of light in the sky. The first thing that came to mind was a meteor, but the long bar of light stayed and it was moving in a south or southeast direction. I was on Rt. 9 between Wilmington, Vt. and Rt. 8 west of there which is a 3 mile distance I believe I recorded in my notes. I have never seen anything like it! I caught maybe fifteen seconds of this light, if not more. I had to move the truck forward as it was going into tree-line and I didn't want to lose sight of it.     It was very dark at this time and the temperature was 40 degrees. This is a rural area in the southern portion of the Green Mountains. It's all rural in them parts, even when there's houses around.

 About a week ago I learned a new feature on my digital camera. This feature allows me to take photos at night while hand-holding the camera, without leaving a blurred image. Usually you need a tripod to do this, to take photos at night. I've been practicing using this feature as I was doing on this particular night, so my camera was set in this mode when I saw this long bar of light in the sky. Long story short...I caught an excellent image of this object (objects?) which I am very thrilled about. I did not realize that I caught this image until hours later when I was home lying in bed looking at my photos for that day. I was quite thrilled and have never seen anything like it. I take a ton of photos, even night shots of the moon and stars. This photo here is the most impressive yet so far as weird goes.

 Since this event I was told about Spacex the satellite program. They launched a bunch of satellites on that morning (the 24th) and I saw some photos online of what they look like, and sure.... the line in the sky is close to what I saw but what I have as an image is different than what I'm seeing online. I would like to think that what I caught with my camera is unexplainable as it would make life that much more interesting, but I'm guessing I will be proved wrong on this.  Either way it is an impressive image!

I have not shown anybody this image I am keeping it to myself until I find out more, and I most certainly am not posting it online as then it wouldn't be mine anymore. Let me describe what the image looks like:
It is a long rectangular shaped formation, rows of about twenty bars one following the other. In two places there is a difference in space between the objects. They are on a right angle with their bottom portions in the west. I see colors… violet, blue, green and a few white spots throughout the whole. Also, zooming in close, which makes it somewhat blurred, but still reveals the most spectacular image, it appears there are hair-like, or some kind of tentacles protruding from every one of these bars, not all of them alike.  To prove they were in the sky you can see stars in the image. I am very impressed and in hopes they are not satellites.

Do you know the trajectory, or the flight path, of the Spacex satellites? I tried looking online but could not find anything, not that I am that computer savvy I am not, but I do know a little about computers as I have utilized the technology for genealogical research and other. I think they're a little too complicated but whatever. Anyway, it would be nice to chat with someone about this. I am not always near my phone, or don't always hear it when it rings, so leave a number I can call in case I miss your call. Thank you kindly in advance. 
[name & phone number moved/cms/rjl] Sent to MUFON October 28,2020 810
