{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-02 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493317","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66209","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2545,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/317/mufon-5493317.json","updb_database_id":5493317}
{jpg} Observed two whitish lights, equal distance, fall in an arc behind trees which made no noise and looked like head lights

I was walking out onto my driveway around 6 PM to meet my husband as he got home. It was October so it was already dark at this time of year. I was walking out to explain to him that I had been unable to use his truck all day because it would die after I would start it and then place it in drive. As I approached the street to attempt turning on the truck again, my husband walked past me into the house to put his things away. I glanced up at the end of my driveway and noticed two whitish-yellowish solid light orbs, that I assumed were stars at the time, falling in an arc-like fashion. They reminded me of the size of head lights from where I was standing. They remained equal distances from one another and appeared to be going exactly the same speed and direction. They made no noise and fell into a canyon, possibly behind the back yards of my neighbors who live across the street. I immediately thought to myself,"Wow, that's strange...two shooting stars, one right after the other" and felt myself not give this too much thought. Although afterward, I realized that I this was not possible. There are a few very large power line towers in this vicinity. This occurred directly in front of me toward the direction that I was walking and the arc-like descent lasted approximately 3-4 seconds. It did not flicker. The lights appeared exactly the same and they moved as though they were attached, yet I could not see anything but sky around each of them. It was a clear night. this incident did not strike me as that odd until the incident that occurred the following early morning, which I will enter next on a separate submission. I am entering these incidences only now because I was told about the website last night and urged to document them. Thank you for reading them. This sight is very interesting and detailed!
