{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466317","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"94396","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2232,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/317/mufon-5466317.json","updb_database_id":5466317}
Star like object turned into large dark sphere with at least 2 gyroscopic wheels.

A co-worker and myself were have a cigarette break at approximately 10pm. We had both noticed a really bright star in the sky, but went about our conversation without mentioning it. After a few minutes she asked what star it was. I had a droid eris with Google sky maps, so I pulled it out and said I could tell her. Before the app could load the object we were observing started to move slowly east. I then thought it was just a plane. Then it changed course again toward us. It stayed a bright light, then "changed" in an instant into a solid sphere as is grew closer. It had no color. We only continued to see it because of the absence of color against the night sky. Almost like it was just a void. It past with in 20 feet of our heads. There was no sound, no distortion of air. It past in front of a street light in the parking lot and seemed to hover for a moment. At this point we could see at least two gyroscopic wheels moving closely around it in different directions. It still had no color or sound. It was roughly 10-15ft (large enough for 1 or 2 people inside) But seemed to change the light around it a purple hew. It then went over the top of the building. It was so low we thought for sure it landed in the back lot. We ran inside to the back dock to see, but there was nothing. I have seen "ufos" before but nothing like this. This time I couldn't find a rational explanation for what we saw. It was the most terrifying and exciting experience of my life thus far. My only regret is that I put my phone away when I thought it was a plane.
