{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-08-03 03:03:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497724","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61616","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3623,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/724/mufon-5497724.json","updb_database_id":5497724}
{rjl} Witnessed 3 circles of light in back yard located on mountainside where military used to practice. Hovered, sped so fast up and down then I looked away. I think one, not sure if all three, in an instant was hovering next to my room and then in a se

I couldn't sleep so I called a friend. We were talking as I was looking out the back windows of my house. The time was around 3:00 AM. Suddenly I saw three bright lights off in the distance and thought it could be the flashlights from people camping as we live on a mountain. Then one light, the largest, sped up across and down so fast I knew immediately these were not campers or kids playing around. The distance the lights traveled up and down would assure anyone no human can move that fast! There was no noise, nothing but the lights. My mind was confused, I couldn't imagine what was out there, at the same time I felt amused almost entertained and then scared the more I watched them. I was speechless as my friend kept asking, "are you alright?" The orbs or circular lights totaled three in all, I think, unless the one that came up to my house was a fourth one. The three I saw all looked identical in shape, color, and put off a softer light or aura around them. They moved so fast it was crazy. I turned away from the window, scared, then suddenly a BRIGHT light covered the house and I reopened the blinds after shutting them to look. I new because I could feel this object was just hovering to my right. Then It was gone and I was back on the bed talking on the phone. I felt really tired and was asleep shortly after this incident. 

I must add; when I was around twenty-two years old I was told I had been kidnapped at the age of four, when we lived in CA. The story from my mother and my sister seemed far too short and very rehearsed. This was later confirmed to me by a few psychologists. The story only changed by my father and it regarded the time period I was missing. My mother said three hours my dad said three days. I only bring this up because years after this and during a conversation I had with someone on the board of UFO Abductions (unbenounced to me)informed me I had been abducted at that age not kidnapped. He assured me I had all the "trademarks" of an abductee, I thought he was crazy. Turns out what he said to me was no crazier than how my life would play out! I called an organization, trying to reach out to anyone regarding constant night terrors and waking every morning at 3:00 am since I was a child. In all honesty I would not be surprised if I had more encounters. I think once people are chosen, for whatever reason, there's not much you can do. Whether these are spiritual encounters, as some people believe, or alien encounters it makes little difference, your life will never be the same. 

While reading what information your site accepts I had no idea I could submit art work. There are some drawings I have done over the years that I do not understand myself, one in particular. Perhaps I can post them another time.
