{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-05 22:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481724","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78276","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2745,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/724/mufon-5481724.json","updb_database_id":5481724}
Circle of lights rotating at 5-6 meters on top of car. Diameter 7-8 metres.

Time was 5th april 2014_22.55 minutes Italy time.
I was driving with my wife (also witness) and my son in car to home.
Coordinates of the sighting are 44.042 N_10.161 E.
During the trip to home the street goes on mountains and beside the street there is a black railing, always in the dark.It was glowing with segmented blue lights like projected on it.So I've slowed down the car to see that, and after few meters passed the railing the car get completely illuminated inside of these electric blue lights, in the windshield and the dashboard.
There was also a metallic and cyclic sound in my ears so I've stopped the car and I thought "man who is joking me with lasers?!"But my wife immediately push herself over the dashboard of the car and through the windshield saw on top of the car at the height of treetops this big circular set of blue electric lights of a diameter of 8-10 meters. She screams me to run away because that huge thing was practically on top of us, so I did but I was totally flashed in the eyes by those blue segmented lights, that makes me drive like 20 meters than I stop and that thing was gone. Believe me seeing those thing up in the sky at 2000-5000 meters is a thing, see it at 5 meters is another matter, you really freak the hell out. That was a machine, not human,the sound I've heard was like an electronic sequence that cycling was accelerating until the vehicle was jumped away maybe vertically.
Italian aeronautics received my information through the police and they get to interview me and my wife, and guess what, they were really prepared regarding the subject. I've asked to him, a leutenant"Do you know other cases in the area?"and he said"I'm not authorized to talk about this".
Just a last thing: during the mess this machine did on top of my car, my side window was slightly open, and the light coming from that thing hits my left eye, in the angle opposite from the nose,and it get irritated like a sunburn.But my wife saw it fully from the windshield and didn't get sunburned from it.MAybe the glass protected her from that light.
