{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-01 22:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486724","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72975","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4090,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/724/mufon-5486724.json","updb_database_id":5486724}
Looked like a bright, twinkling star to naked eye, but video showed defined lights within a square. Number of lights changed constantly.

I looked out of the window at home on 1 December at about 22.35hrs and noticed an object which I had seen two nights earlier. I observed what I thought was a star (both on the first and second night). It caught my attention, because it was overly bright. It twinkled like a star to the naked eye and hovered and stayed in the same position for quite some time on both nights.

On the first night, I periodically viewed the object, went away and then returned later to look at it again. I noticed that there had been movement to the right in my field of view when I returned to look at the object, but movement was imperceptible while standing looking at it. During my last viewing on the first night, I thought that the object was going to move behind the line of houses, however shortly before reaching the line of houses the object faded and disappeared. Due to this sudden fading I thought that it must have been a Chinese lantern. However, when I viewed the object on the second night, I changed my opinion.

On the second night I decided to try to video the object. Unfortunately, I could only use my mobile phone to video the event, nevertheless I was astounded at what it revealed. I was disappointed at the quality of the video. A combination of the following affected the quality, resolution, low light, camera shake and foreground lights.

I took video footage with both standard resolution and also 4k. Even though I filmed with 4k, I still got camera shake. The object was too far in the background to see properly. So I did the following, I viewed the video on my mobile phone, zoomed in, tried to progress the video a few frames at a time to try and freeze the object and eventually during one of the freeze frames I couldn't believe what I had captured. It wasn't a plane and it wasn't a helicopter. If it was a drone, I've never seen one like this. I saw, at first, three defined white lights in a compact triangle, moving the video forward I noticed four defined white lights in a compact square. Forwarding again I noticed four compact lights, but this time the four defined lights appeared on a blurred, diamond shaped background; a square on a diamond. The object continued to alter in this fashion.

Watching the video it is difficult to identify what is going on, so I froze the video and took a couple of screenshots which captured the lights as mentioned above.

The object had disappeared by the time I turned in on the second night, but I didn't witness its disappearance. To date, it hasn't returned as far as I know.

The object was viewed through a window, but no reflections interfered with the viewing of the object. I would recommend using some advanced video viewing technology to help to stabilise and isolate the object, to assist definition and to allow single frame advance to view the changing shape of the object. The video does not show the object in view until 1 minute and 29 seconds in and it appears in the sky above and to the right of the street light.
