{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-06-15 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5461724","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"99337","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3416,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/724/mufon-5461724.json","updb_database_id":5461724}
{rjl} A slow-moving fireball with a tail traveling parallel to the earth for a period of time

This sighting occurred probably between 1966 and 1967. I was a teenager in high school. It was in the afternoon. Do not recall the day of the week or time of year but I believe it was in the early afternoon.

I was in my bedroom located about three houses off Sunset Boulevard in Brentwood, California near the 405 Freeway offramp (the offramp made famous decades later by the OJ Simpson White Bronco chase).

My bedroom had two windows, one parallel to Sunset Boulevard.

I was on the phone with a friend and happened to pull the curtain to look out the window that faced Sunset which faced North.

I sighted a glowing red orange fireball with a tail traveling from the North to the East. As I recall, it appeared to be a few hundred feet up in the sky.

The fireball was large enough to easily see.

It was traveling very slowly, parallel to the earth.

I remember remarking, “You’re not going to believe what I’m seeing!"

I watched as it traveled out of range of the window I was looking through and ran to the next window, thinking surely it wouldn’t be there.

But damned if it wasn’t. And still traveling parallel to the earth, moving slowly.

I continued to watch and at one point the fireball, still maintaining the parallel course, sped up until it was out of sight.

I clearly saw a fireball but if others also saw this same UFO they may have interpreted it as something else, i.e. a disk or cigar…who knows?

I didn’t do drugs, and I know what I saw! And I’ve thought about this over the decades and always felt I couldn’t be the only person to have witnessed this. I have tried recently to looking up this particular incident on the internet, but have been unsuccessful. And I do not recall at all that anything was reported in the news or that anyone else spoke of it.

We are in the midst of watching Project Blue Book and like so many other UFO movies and tv shows, it recounts a similar fireball sighting which peaked my interest again.

The program also recounts oddly moving lights in the night sky. A couple of years ago my husband and I experienced this from our home on the Olympic Peninsula. (Actually, this was one of two similar sightings here.) There were between 5 and 10 points of light crazily moving in several directions. They had a greenish cast. The general direction was towards Victoria B.C. It lasted for several minutes. It was so creepy, I left my husband outside to continue watching…but I kept an eye on him from inside the house!

P.S. In order to complete your form, I had to fill in some information that was inaccurate because it did not apply to my situation. Also, I now live in a different state than where the sighting took place.
