{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-12-23 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5463724","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"97206","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2557,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/724/mufon-5463724.json","updb_database_id":5463724}
{tjd} A large dark object, actually V shaped not triangular traveling west over Boise

On December 23rd, 2018 I witnessed a large V shaped craft traveling west over the city of Boise around 11:00 p.m. The craft was very large I estimated the length of each arm of the V to be well over the length of a commercial airliner, perhaps up to twice the length of an airliner. It made absolutely no noise, was dark, no apparent light almost as if the entire craft was slightly glowing faintly or it could have been reflecting lights from the ground. It traveled in a straight path almost directly over my head at what I guestimate to be well in excess of normal aircraft. I watched it until it went out of my view which was probably 20-30 seconds.

This is the 5th UFO I have witnessed in the past 4 years. The first was a glowing orb that was probably less than 100 feet above me, a few months later I witnessed a cigar-shaped craft, about 6 months after that I watched a V formation of 5 lights and a month or so after that I saw another V formation of 5 light. The second V formation I saw answered one of the questions I had of the prior one which was is it one craft with five lights or five separate crafts. The second sighting of the formation answered that when one of the lights veered off fro the others. 

Another oddity I have witnessed on 2 separate occasions is as I watched what I assumed was satellites traveling across the night sky (I like to stargaze and always scan the sky for satellites which are fairly common sightings) But on these two occasions as I watched them travel across the sky they flared into fireballs leaving a trail of fire then simply disappear. If I had to make a serious guess as to what those were I would have to say a satellite was destroyed by some type of weapon. 

It's odd to me how I could regulaly look up at the stars for 45 years and see nothing then within the past 5 years it has become nearly a regular thing to see UFOs.
