{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-01-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455724","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105882","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3255,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/724/mufon-5455724.json","updb_database_id":5455724}
{rjl} 2 UFO’s watch Fireworks on New Years Eve

I was outside my backyard on New Years Eve with my brother-in-law. We were sitting down under the stars talking, when I noticed a hovering object over the tree-line and buildings next door. At first I thought it was a Chinese lantern and I even mentioned it to him as such, “look at that Chinese lantern... how cool,” to which he replied, “that’s not a lantern, that’s a UFO!” The object was gently ascending, like a balloon following the wind. It had a bright light as brilliant as a flame that encompassed its entire body, think burning bush in the Bible. But you could tell their were multiple beams and segments to this cubed fire encompassing structure. Suddenly the object started to descend and b-line straight to us. At this point I’m thinking it has to be some weird kind of drone, but my brother-in-law once again rejects by calling it a UFO. The object stops short of 3 cars length from us, above. There is no sound about, except for the fireworks my neighbors are still shooting. I start to think this may be more than a drone. The object no longer flows with the wind, it took a straight b-line to us until it was directly above, and the once flame now seems like a strange light. After hovering above us shortly it slowly rose and then shot straight up, into the sky at an inconceivable speed. I was flabbergasted to say the least and although it was not my first encounter it was definitely incredible! My brother-in-law and I spent the next 15 seconds discussing the what we had just seen when suddenly I see ANOTHER object, completely different (it was a disc shaped craft that emitted no noise, residue or lights) and it hovered above us going in a straight line from North to South. The object was almost completely transparent, outside of the fact that you could distinguish its outline and as it traveled in the sky the stars and clouds it passed under reflected perfectly except for a slight difference around the edges and the color of the transperancy was slightly fuller than the sky (it was like a liquid metal saucer shaped object that reflected the sky above to appear transparent). I have an incredible eye for details and color and when I mentioned it to my brother-in-law he was able to see it as well. It was not moving quickly at all, it was almost scanning the area I felt. We followed it as it went directionally to the south above us, until it was lost over the roof of my house. It was an interesting way to start the New Year to say the least.
