{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-11 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469724","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90789","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2806,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/724/mufon-5469724.json","updb_database_id":5469724}
{cak} saw what first thought was helicopter. From underneath saw traingle

It was right around 10pm, on my way home from friend's house, cutting down River Road as I always do. Nice narrow country road that has some houses and a metropark along the way. A few tight turns as well, then running alongside railroad tracks and the Cuyahoga River.
AFter the last tight turn I saw a brightly lit object in the distance off to the left slightly, right near where the metropark area would be. At first thought perhaps a helicopter.
Then as I got closer, the object has slowly moved over the road and as I went to drive under it, I noticed no sound. Stopped, turned down my radio and tried looking up through the windshield to see it.
My driver's window is broken, so I opened the door, stuck my head out and looked up. A brightly lit object was overhead at maybe 400-500 ft. Three brilliant blue-white lights in a traingle. One corner also has a strobing reddish light. I then stepped out of the car (still running, in park) and stood there for maybe another 10-15 seconds. It was so brightly lit I could see some details of what looked like a smoothish bottom, greyish colored with some type of geometric pattern covering the surface. 
The object then started to rotate in pace and slowly starter to move off the road over the woods to the right, towards the railroad tracks and then the river.
I thought then I would try to get a picture. I bent down, reached into the car and grabbed my cell phone from the passenger seat. I was in the car no more than 5 seconds, and was swiping the screen as I stood back up to get the camera on.
I looked up, and the object was no where to be seen.
Stood there another 5 minutes or more dumbstruck. Perfectly clear night sky. I just a few minutes I had seen numerous high-altitude planes flying the area as well.
Am pissed off that I took my eye off of it and did not see it go away. It had to either have blinked off or shot away, as it was moving VERY slowly when I last saw it, and should have been no more than another few hundred feet away by the time I got the camera app ready.
Anyways...that's what I saw last Sunday night. A brightly lit triangle, right near the city.
