{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-07-12 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504664","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54222","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3454,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/664/mufon-5504664.json","updb_database_id":5504664}
{kt}Large Fleet of UFO's Over Webster, NY

It's been over 3 years since this event went down, and I'm only now trying to get this out there because I just discovered the MUFON site. 

It was around 10 p.m at night, and me and two of my friends we're hanging out by a fire in my buddies backyard. Somehow I remember the conversation turning to U.F.O's and the existence of aliens and the such. At the time, I had just begun to dive headfirst into researching everything about their existence, and within the year before this incident I had already seen upwards of a dozen U.F.O sightings while attending the University of Miami as a Sophomore. Many of which I had been able to summon via directing out loving thoughts to the cosmos and to various races of et's (pleaidian , arcturian, andromedan, etc). Yes, I summoned them with my thoughts. This isn't some b.s ego trip. I would think loving thoughts and send them out towards the cosmos and spend night on the rooftop of our apartment complex staring out into space. And every night I'd do this, at least one UFO would appear in some shape or form. 

Anyways, once my friends said they were non-believers, I simply mentally asked our galactic family to show up and prove that they do exist. I didn't expect them to actually show up, especially for the sheer amount that they did. I'm not sure how unique this ability is, but needless to say it worked repeatedly and consistently. 

One by one, in an almost choo-choo train like fashion, seemingly out of nowhere, we spotted at first one large, glowing orb that was pulsating white and yellow. If you were to hold a golfball up to the sky, I'd say that would have covered it. It was moving really slowly about several hundred feet over my friends house, moving East to West. Then about somewhere between 35-50 feet behind the first one, appeared another... then another... and another... I estimate that there was somewhere between 30-50 U.F.O's in this line altogether, each following along the same distinct pattern, all moving slowly in unison, hovering along in one line. They all shared the same white/yellow pulsating color pattern as well. None of them sped up past on another. It reminded me of the Macy's Day parade, as if each orb was a float, just parading right overhead us. This went on for about 10-15 minutes, until they stopped appearing, finally fading out of site to the West of us. 

I still kick myself to this day for not thinking to record it on my phone, but I think I was too dumbfounded and in awe of the sheer beauty and love I had felt upon witnessing so many U.F.O's. My friends were in disbelief to say the least. It felt that the U.F.O's were intentionally hovering by so slowly as if to say to my friends, "Do you believe now?". Out of all my sightings, this was by far and away the most incredible spectacle I have ever seen.
