{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1971-05-13 10:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287664","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115711","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3477,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/664/mufon-5287664.json","updb_database_id":5287664}
Very large white disc crashed Pacific Coast - SF Bay

While on psychiatric medication, I experienced a vision of a craft entering our atmosphere and being struck by three balls of light/electricity. It clipped the coast at San Francisco and crashed. Date is unknown, but believe pre-Biblical flood. It may have triggered the noted flood via a series of events that left the area uninhabitable. Mass destruction and possible high levels of radiation. Could very well of been Atlantis...and the Bay Area - Mystery Babylon(g). Biblical curse was actually caused by radiation exposure, possibly. Couldn’t have babies - altered DNA.

It looked as if it was coated in Quartz. It looked like it was created from a humongous piece of perfect quartz - too perfect. Never saw the bottom but it looked like a blank coin shaped piece of Quartz that was engraved. Like it was once flat, but had an engraving cut into the surface. Broken into segments that had no symmetry with sets of geodesic designs within the segments/sectors. Designs like squares, orbs, triangles...within and exclusive. Say all squares - but again no symmetry. 3 rows of 11. 

The crash field looked like confetti. Like it was made of balsa wood. It covered modern day San Francisco and the Bay. It was so large it looked like it could fill San Francisco Bay. The balls of light looked like they came from Alcatraz Island. These balls of light hit the top front as it descended like a Falcon and made a hard 45 degree turn just above water and headed for the coast. It started to dip on one side and clipped the coast line and crashed.

Just after being hit, a small nondescript saucer/disc exited the rear of the larger disc and headed for the coast - further South beyond Highway 92. Maybe Pelican Point. It came so close to the water it began to skip like a stone and hit the coastline. If Pelican Point is the spot I believe it is, then it may have created it’s odd high point on the coast. It may have slipped into the sea.

The debris might be the source of Silicon Valley Technology. If so, I fear it is a Trojan Horse.

Again, this was a vision while resting and I believe was induced by anti-anxiety medication. Fast and film like and from many angles.

Thought it was dream until I learned about what looks to be a scar from the crash; it resides below the San Francisco Bridge. As if it was created by the craft that crashed.

It is part of a much larger story that I believe fits into the general story created by all historical Religions and Myths. It all began in California.

There is an informational thread that is the baseline of all knowledge. It is the river that passes through many lands. It is all connected and related. If history is a timeline - it has been modified, many times. Either deliberately or by malfunction. Either way, it is exploited; I believe to our detriment.
