{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-12-12 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283664","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"119773","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3503,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/664/mufon-5283664.json","updb_database_id":5283664}
Triangular craft with 5 or 6 lights, some of which blinked or changed in intensity

Viewed from a Sprinter van going down Main Street by two adults and two children sometime around 8pm. It was poking out just above the tree line of the range of hills to the east, towards Hampden/Wilbraham (not sure how many "degrees" of elevation it was from the horizon, it was high in the sky, but the sky underneath was blocked by the hills and the trees). At first, we thought it was a low flying C17(?) military transport plane because of it's size and the orientation of the lights. We often see those in the general area due to the proximity to Westover Air Force Base. However, the more we looked, the more we realized it wasn't moving. If it was, it was very slow and didn't seem to be going anywhere. It seemed to be huge. We were going to drop off one of the kids to their house after taking them to a Christmas concert in Wilbraham. We saw it for a good portion of the drive down Main Street in Monson, towards his house. We lost sight of it through the trees as we drove, then dropped him off a few minutes later. We then drove back the way we came down Main street, and, sure enough, it was still there in the same place in the sky, just above the trees on the top of the hilly range to the East. 

At this point, we all knew it was clearly out of the ordinary. The driver is very interested in aircraft as a hobby and can readily identify most planes in the sky. I stared more intently from the front passenger seat and counted 5 or 6 lights, some of which would occasionally blink on and off or dim and brighten in intensity. I could very faintly make out a really dull, glowing light from what looked like was the underside of the craft. It was hard to tell what color it was due to how dim it was, but it seemed to be vaguely greenish, bluish, or even somewhat purple. It seemed to have a "gaseous" or "plasma-like" quality to it. It was larger that the other lights and in the center of the triangle. It would've been easy to miss this center light as it was nowhere near as bright. I had to strain my eyes to even make it out. From the time we first saw it to when we finally drive past it on our way back was probably just under 10 minutes. It looked like it had already been there when first saw it and I assume it stayed put after we left the area. Had I been driving, I would've pulled over or tried to get closer for a better look. It didn't occur to me to take any photos from my phone, but they would've turned out terrible from a moving vehicle and would've hardly been conclusive as to what you were looking at. I would find it very hard to believe that nobody else saw this thing if they were in the general area. This was on the busiest street in town where many people live and it was very conspicuous, despite being potentially obscured by trees or building depending on your location.
