{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-06 17:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503664","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55265","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3145,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/664/mufon-5503664.json","updb_database_id":5503664}
{nd} slow moving orb appears from NE; hovers for 5 minutes; tracks slowly for 5 min; rapid ascent to orbit

I live next to Danbury airport, and I was sitting on my porch sky watching, trying the 1Robert Bingham - Stephen Greer/ CE51 method of initiating contact with an ET vehicle. After maybe 10 minutes of sky watching (and I am an aviator, so I know aircraft types), I see a small white orb high in the sky, but I initially think it's a commercial jet at around 35,000', because I see a lot of those. But the object moves very slowly and there are no contrails, and the object doesn't get any bigger (perhaps barely - I did notice what appeared to be a possible division or morphing of the orb). In fact, it looked like it could have been a tiny cloud or balloon, but there was not a cloud in the sky, and a balloon would have been blown about by the light wind. This object hovered, and came to within a 1/2 mile at perhaps 3-5,000', and remained stationary for at least 5 minutes. I called to my neighbor, who also witnessed the white orb. It slowly moved across a part of the sky above the airport, while several commercial aircraft flew about their designated routes, oblivious to its presence. Anyway, my housemate came home, and he witnessed it too, as it started to move away, slowly at first, and then we saw it shoot rapidly up towards orbit. I can saw without a doubt that this had to be either a military recon drone (unlikely), or an ET probe (or whatever kind of instrument they send when a mental CE5 contact is initiated - if that is what it was responding to).

This was my first true UFO sighting, after 40-odd years of looking! At first, I thought it was a jet, then realized it could be an ORB ufo, so instead of getting anxious (as I usually would), I made a direct attempt to look at the orb and send calming thoughts of acceptance its way, as if to say "I'm glad to see you, and hope we can communicate", still feeling incredulous to the event. But as the minutes wore on and the orb just sat in the sky, I gradually accepted it as a ufo without any fear. I invited it to land, and as if it was watching me, I waved at it and made motions for it to come on down. As the orb slowly moved from its first hovering position, holding altitude, I tried to get a cellphone picture, but my phone-cam is crappy. As the orb took off, moving at a very rapid rate of speed - I would guesstimate on the order of 5,000 mph+, because it moved into the upper atmosphere within 2-3 seconds, heading towards orbit. It was a thrilling experience!
