{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2006-11-07 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499664","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59470","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3673,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/664/mufon-5499664.json","updb_database_id":5499664}
Observed a disk shaped object hovering at Chicago O'Hare airport. Witnessed as my plane was landing and as plane was on the tarmac.

In October/November of 2006, my wife's father, who is a Command Master Chief in the Navy, invited us to Okinawa Japan. The UFO sighting I am referring to occurred on November 7th, 2006 above Chicago's O'Hare airport. Our plane was United Airlines flight 0878 and I was seated in row 37(I still have my boarding pass). The sighting happened at roughly 4:00 pm. Our plane was descending to land and I was waiting to see the airport as we were passing through the clouds. When we cleared the cloud level, I immediately saw the airport and gradually noticed a grey, round object. This object was motionless. I know this because our altitude's "crossed". Meaning there was a definite moment when we were above it, a moment when we were level, and a moment when we were below it. It was during this transition in altitudes that I have my most vivid memory of it's description. It was elliptical in shape, dull grey, with no visible markings. There were no openings for windows or doors. As we landed I lost sight of it but saw it again as our plane was turning on the tarmac. I cannot say if it was still in the same location but as we were moving it stayed in the same position. It's size at that moment was about the size of a half dollar held at arm's length. I remember the flight attendant handing me a customs pamphlet to fill out. I looked at her and looked back at the object. It was still there. Within seconds of me looking back at it, it rapidly "shot" up. The only way I can describe this movement is if you were to hold an object at eye level, release it and watch it fall to the ground. In other words, imagine the cloud level as the ground and the object "falling" towards it. I remember ducking to see where it might have gone. I remember seeing a "hole" in the cloud level. I also remember seeing light reflected off the interior of the hole so the hole must have went straight through the cloud level. I did not mention this to anyone accept my wife who did not see any of this happening. It was only later, in January of 2007, that I saw a news story of this object that I had saw. In this story they mentioned that the workers on the tarmac and some pilots had seen this object so I knew I had not hallucinated this event. I remember being shaky after we left the plane and went through customs. That's all that happened. I have never seen a ufo before and never since. I don't know what it was but I know what it wasn't. It wasn't a drone or military craft. Why would the military be flying a secret craft above one of the busiest airports in the country? It wasn't a weather event. I've been thinking about this for the last 7+ years and have come to realize that for it to go from completely motionless to fast enough to punch a hole through the clouds, it would have created a sonic boom probably powerful enough to shatter every window in the airport. How it did not do this is probably a bigger mystery than the object itself.
