{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-15 13:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496664","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62728","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2475,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/664/mufon-5496664.json","updb_database_id":5496664}
{rjl} Bright star over Lake Erie about 2 miles off shore, hovering over the water

My lake shore home is situated high above the shores of Lake Erie. I was in my home office and looked out over the lake as I often do and saw a bright shimmering light about 2 miles off shore. It looked just like a bright star when looking to the sky at nighttime only this was in the early afternoon and this appeared to be on the lake surface. I see a wide variety of things out on the lake but nothing like this. I considered that perhaps it was something floating in the lake that was reflecting the sunlight but still it was so bright. I immediately looked through my telescope which is situated at the window to investigate more. The lake had some areas covered in ice and still a lot of water. As I viewed the object through the telescope it still appeared somewhat blurry. It looked as though it was 3 bright light spheres hovering close enough together that from the naked eye it would look like 1 bright star. I know the telescope was focused in properly because I could see the fine details of the ice chunks floating directly underneath this unexplained light. It appeared to be hovering maybe 15 ft. above the water surface. The light didn't appear to be moving in any direction. From the naked eye it did get brighter and then dimmer randomly. Through the telescope it did the same thing only it seemed to vibrate for lack of a better term. It's almost as if the reason I couldn't get a clear focus was because it was vibrating or perhaps because it wasn't a solid object. I watched it for several minutes and was at a loss for what it might be. I walked away for a few minutes and when I returned it was no longer there. A few days later I decided to google unexplained lights over Lake Erie and much to my surprise discovered many others have seen similar sightings near my location.
