{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-11-15 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494479","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64989","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2757,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/479/mufon-5494479.json","updb_database_id":5494479}
{dr}Observed dark, with lights, object moving and hovering, then moving away at exceedingly high rate.

Traveling south on Highway 71, from Clearmont, Missouri, during November, 1967, and spotted a small group of white lights traveling parallel to our vehicle, to the south, at tree level. The sky was dark with no moon light and the lights were arrayed in a semi-circle to my left, with a pulsating light between the four white klieg type of white lights. The pulsating light slowly changed colors, but never turned white. The klieg style lights were evenly spaced and in a semi-circle pattern to the left of the pulsating/colored light. The pulsating light was at an equal distance to the klieg lights, with no other lights or craft detail to the right of this light. We pulled over to the side of Highway 71 just north of Wilcox, Missouri and observed the light array for approximately 2-3 minutes, outside of our vehicle. The light array passed over Highway 71, to the north of Wilcox, and stopped moving. A car passed directly under the light array as it hovered over Highway 71. I was close enough to hear a low, audible hum start to build and then the light array moved to the northwest at a very high rate of speed. There was no other noise other than the audible hum and then quiet. I have spoken with the couple in the car and they confirmed that the inside of their car was totally illuminated by the lights that they passed beneath. We, the three of us, then re-started our trip to Maryville, Missouri. I was in college at Northwest Missouri State, at the time, and had two different male students tell me of their observations of different odd lights in the sky that night. One of the other witnesses told me that he had seen the lights while out on the west side of the college at Maryville and the other witness told me that he had seen an orangish glowing orb hovering just above the ground on the south side of Elmo, Missouri. Elmo is in the direct path of the light array as it moved away from Wilcox. I never told either of these two witnesses of what I had seen that night until they had informed me of their observations from the same night.
