{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1963-02-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491479","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68086","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2835,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/479/mufon-5491479.json","updb_database_id":5491479}
{cak} was was fifty years ago. was in car with mom and saw a fireball flash tru the horizon. looked to be the size of the sun,seemed close. moved accross the horizon and behind the hillside. behind this hillside is a reservoir.

my family lived in Granada Hills, California. Event occurred sometime 1962/63. My Mother was driving us home, we were passing by Holy Cross Hospital and Alamany High School when I noticed a big bright flash across the horizon, and behind the hillside. I remember it seemed large to me. It was quick, my brother, sisters, or mother didn't say anything. I felt strange that I was the only one that noticed it. I looked around and didn't see a trailer or more so I left it at that. **About 4 to 6 months later, summertime,about mid day my older sister and I are in Hawaii visiting family and my mom, aunt, younger sister and brother saw a UFO. My mother and aunt are no longer with us, but my brother and sister are still around. This is what they all told us when we came home from Hawaii. We are still living in the same house which is only a few miles from my event, My mother was in the shower and my aunt, brother, and sister hear a strange sound. It sounded like it is coming from above the house. They go out the front door and see a round object in the sky above the house just hovering there. My aunt goes in the house hollering at my mom to hurry and come see, something was outside. My mother said Julie sounded so urgent and odd that she hurried and got dressed and went out front. Startled, she said she just stood there and stared. The object began to move very slowly. My mother said she didn't know what she was thinking but grabbed the keys to the car and they all hopped in and followed the craft. It has been so long ago, and we moved to Las Vegas in 1965, I don't remember the name of the streets. Haskell I believe is one. But the UFO dropped behind a hill, my mom drove up the hill. On the other side of the hill is a reservoir and the water wasn't still...? Never saw anything else. So long ago we have no pics or video. It has always been there in my mind, I love watching the night sky looking for more, I have spent a lot of time camping out in the desert and mountains of Nevada looking.
