{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-07-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522479","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33577","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2986,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/479/mufon-5522479.json","updb_database_id":5522479}
The reason the triangles are there

First of all, I won't make everyone read this whole post.
The message I got, clear as a bell, was "The triangles are there to protect you".
More details:
My partner had recently died, and I wanted to communicate with his 'spirit'. I'd had one or two telepathic experiences with some kind of being during the previous year or two. I made contact ( by doing the equivalent of loooking into a crystal ball). The 'spirit', I'll call it, kept giving me a different name than my partner's, but I still tried to believe it was it was my partner. 

The spirit didn't seem interested in answering questions.When I recalled an intimate moment with my partner, the spirit answered politely, "cool", but then I knew it wasn't my longtime boyfriend - and he'd used an uncharacteristic word. One thing the spirit kept repeating was "HELL IS REAL" Many times. It Amost like a warning, or probably it WAS a warning. I don't know who or what the spirit was, but it might have been human, because I had strong feeling he had experienced hell himself.

So all you unkind, cruel, and indifferent people out there - you might have time to change/right your wrongs.

I'm giving extra details here, trying to make this encounter less crazy-sounding. I know I might be doing the opposite. Now back to the matter at hand.

When it said, out of the blue, " The triangles are there to protect you" I knew for sure the spirit wasn't my boyfriend, who refused to even think about UFO's, AND that this wasn't coming out of my own head. It would have been the last thing from me, since I've been afraid of everything strange I've seen in the sky. I was flabbergasted. The moment will always be engraved on my memory.

I look at the " last 20 case reports" almost every day, for years, to comfort myself that I'm not alone seeing ufo's, and I've noticed that people never seem to be afraid of triangles.

The aliens looking down at the people as if they were cattle at the 4th of July picnic is the scariest thing I've read here. Just though I'd throw that in, as a reminder that there likely are evil beings we do need protection from. 

Of course there's no way to judge if "it" was telling the truth or lying. But I prefer to think of it as true. I DO know it was real. I'm a college graduate retired nurse in my 60's and haven't been treated for mental illness.
