{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-13 22:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509479","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48949","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3210,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/479/mufon-5509479.json","updb_database_id":5509479}
(GS) 15+ crafts rose above tree line hovering as other joined formation- leaving behind bright pink sky and cold electrical feeling

After leaving my parents’ home @ 10:35 last night, I saw what I can only describe as my close encounter. As I approached the hill at the end of their street, I noticed lights rising above the tree line that borders Prettyboy reservoir, one by one, the lights rose up slowly, strategically, and in a manner unlike any aircraft I have ever seen. They were uniform in color, shape and size. These amber coloreds, disc shaped, lights were at least 50x larger than the biggest star visible to the naked eye, and as bright as car headlights set on high. They were staggered in their alignment and some of the lights hovered and appeared to wait as the others that were observable through the trees slowly rose up to complete the formation. I would approximate that there were at least 15 crafts visible and hovering above the trees, but it was also dawning on me that this was not normal; you just don't see things like this unless you are watching a Will Smith movie!! I was in panic mode now.

I quickly backed down the street and into my parents’ driveway. Barefoot and tripping over myself I stumbled into my parents’ house. Breathless and in broken English I tried to explain what I had just witnessed. Better yet, I talked my mother in to coming back out with me so that I could show her firsthand. We arrived at the spot where I had seen the crafts and two were still visible. I suggested we drive around the reservoir to see more. At this point we did notice the sky was bright pink, my satellite radio was not working, and we both felt cold electrical charges throughout our bodies. After a half hour or so I turned around to take my mother home.

As we approached my parents’ street, I commented on how I was feeling that cold, electrical feeling again, only it was even more pronounced. My mother responded and told me not to freak out but there was a good explanation for this - there was a craft directly above my car! It was at this point I saw an amber glow outlining my car. To the right of us we saw 15+ crafts hovering above my parents’ house, just as before, only this time I had a witness, and better yet, I was not alone!! By the time we turned into my mother’s street and into her driveway, the crafts had vanished- that quick. My mother and I have had a long history of unusual happenings, and we have never doubted that we are not alone in this vast universe of ours, but to see that many crafts at the same time was unreal!!!

Thank you for your time.
