{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-09 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519479","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37426","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2499,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/479/mufon-5519479.json","updb_database_id":5519479}
15 Orange Lights spotted over Brea, Orange County

Ive been searching online for the past few nights trying to see if anyone experienced what my family and I saw on Friday April 9th about 8:15pm. I havent found anyone reporting on this but I find it really hard to believe that noone saw this, so Im reporting it to see if anyone replies and validates this (Im pretty skeptical of UFOs):
Heres what we saw:
My family and I were driving east on Yorba Linda Blvd about 8:15pm. One of my kids said with surprise to look out our windows up in sky to our left (north). There were 15+ orange-ish lights at about 1000 ft (hard to really tell) heading south-southwest. At first we thought it was a fleet of helicopters. As we drove the lights began to disappear 1 to 2 at a time. Not quite sure if they were fading out or turning and heaidng another direction. 
There was a plane that went by (the LAX flight path is in that direction) so I was able to get a little more perspective on the distance and altitude.
The best way to explain them is that they looked like sparks from a campfire fire after you stoke it. Same orange-ish color, but these were lights. and were not acending up, but moving forward in somewhat unison. 
By the time I pulled over in a parking lot to get a good look at them there were about 5 or so left. We looked around to see if there were any other people observing, but didn't see anyone. Otherwise I would have ran up to them to help validate what we were seeing. I pulled out my phone to take a video or picture, but by that time there was only one left. It seemed to get brighter and slow down, then it too eventually left. About 2 or so minutes had lapsed from the time we first saw them.

Hopefully someone out there saw this too and has some sort of logical explanation. I don't want to be one of those people that says they saw something and everyone thinks theyre nuts!

thanks
