{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-05-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489479","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70137","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3622,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/479/mufon-5489479.json","updb_database_id":5489479}
{dr}awe inspirering

Ok well I had just came home from work early and went into the kitchen to make myself a sandwich. and the fridge was bare the cupboards were bare I went into the living room were my wife was sitting. she was fully clothed. and asked her, I thought you went shopping and she stone walled me. anyway I noticed multiple colored lights coming off our neighbor's trailer. at that moment I walked over to the window and moved the shears back and looked out the window at our neighbor's trailer. there were no lights so I walked into the kitchen, without turning on the lights. I thought maybe some one got pulled over, or maybe someone had a heart attack. so I looked out the bay window in the kitchen to my left and there was nothing going onto the left of me. so I looked toward the right of me and still nothing. huh I kind of looked up a bit and thought what the f**k. then I saw it. I dropped my head down and stepped away from the window with my back to the cupboards. I then called out to my wife could you come into the kitchen please. she replied in a low voice ok... she peeked around the corner at me and I asked her to look strait out that window and tell me if she is seeing the same thing that I saw. she said ok. then her jaw dropped open. and stared for a couple of min or so .well I exclaimed. she just turned her head toward me and nodded yes. I said quick get the camera, nobody gets this close to one of those things without getting probed. she replied. oops. for me that was the straw the broke the camels back for me. I ran out the door toward the craft. I could hear my wife in the back ground to get back into the house in a frightened voice. I kept running toward the craft then I stopped. I got to tell you I was in awe at the shear size of this craft I looked closer at the side of this craft there were no rivets in the metal the metal seemed to be a dull silver,ish grey and there were some form of energy colored lights moving through out the craft. Red,Blue,Green,Yellow. I noticed there was no wind and no sound of crickets or of frogs. the ship itself gave off no sound. I must have been standing there for what seemed like fifteen minutes or so I looked around to see if any one else was around there. It seemed like I was the only one I wondered if the occupants had even noticed me or not. so I waved my hands over my head to get there attention. just then a ramp came down from the bottom of the craft to the ground. so I ran around to the ramp and started walking up the ramp I got half way up I stopped. and the I started jumping up and down on the ramp, there was no give to it then I stopped and got down on my hands and knees and then laid on my stomach, looked over the side of the ramp. It appeared to be four inches thick. so I stood back up and headed back up the ramp. toward the opening. I got within ten feet of the entrance, when these two child like beings came out to meet me. there is much more.. I hope this takes. this is my fifth attempt to get this information to you.
