{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-18 21:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486479","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73228","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2568,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/479/mufon-5486479.json","updb_database_id":5486479}
I was having a smoke on the roof of my apartment building and saw this prominent orange orb moving in the sky.

I was having a smoke, by myself, on the roof of my apartment building and saw this prominent orange orb moving in the sky. I had had a couple beers earlier, but can assure you I had my wits about me.

It caught my eye because I had seen orbs like this before in CT a few years earlier. It looked very similar to the orbs I'd seen before because of its color, size, and movement. That event, however, was different in that there were more identical orbs making even stranger motions in the sky.

The event lasted only a minute. I took out my phone after a few seconds of staring in disbelief, and incredibly, my phone said it's memory was full and wouldn't let me take photo or video. I looked up a couple times in the process of trying to delete memory from my phone, and I saw it slowly progressing across the sky over my head, but when I finally got my phone's camera ready, it had faded away and disappeared.

I looked in the other direction but did not see it re-appear. For a couple minutes, I kept an eye on the same spot in the sky where it initially appeared and did not see anything else. I noticed the distinctive lights of airplanes in the sky after the event, which were clearly different from what I'd just seen, so that reaffirmed the reality if the situation. The object's flight-path was straight, oddly sluggish, and it eventually, and slowly, faded into the black of the night sky, around 80 degrees from the horizon.

It seemed like it was flying at a similar altitude to airplanes that I've observed regularly flying around the city. 

There seemed to be the slightest outline of a light orange rectangle inside of the orange glow of the orb, too. It seemed far away and difficult to make out, but it looked like two squares connected to form a rectangle, or just a rectangle with a line running through it, dividing it into two equal squares.
