{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-23 22:47:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290479","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112867","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7220,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/479/mufon-5290479.json","updb_database_id":5290479}
UFO appears during electrical storm

I enjoy chasing storms during the summer months to photograph lightning. On July 23, 2016, I was taking pictures from a church facility at the end of the street I live on. I'm looking south over the 4-Hills residential neighborhood and the east end of Kirtland Air Force Base. I did have an acquaintance with me although I was the only one taking pictures. Neither one of us ever saw the object in these pictures even though it appears to be directly in front of us and clearly visible in the photos. The first time it appears is in photo 0243 and the last time is in shot 0252. The total elapsed time is approximately 20 minutes.

Picture 0243 – taken at 22:47, 7.1 sec exposure, ISO 800 (attached with report)
It was starting to rain at the time and the round reddish circle in the center below the object in the first photo is a raindrop. This appears only in the first shot. When zeroing in on the object you see a faint trace of something below the craft (exhaust?) although it doesn't seem to line up perfectly. There is also a reddish halo (or dual-band halo) around the object and this appears in each photo.

Pictures 0244 & 0245 – taken at 22:48 & 22:50, 6 sec & 10 sec exposures respectively, ISO 800
Since I didn't see the object I made no attempt to put on a telephoto lens or make any adjustments. The object remains in the same position for the first two shots and then appears to lean or tilt turning west then south. I noticed I was picking up far too much ambient light and reduced the ISO value in my camera (a Nikon) from 800 to 200 on the fourth photo which yielded an interesting result. 

Picture 0246 – taken at 22:51, 13.1 sec exposure, ISO 200
The triangular shaped body or "shroud" seems to disappear completely leaving the center section. What that might be is anybody's guess. My thought is that it looks like an exhaust jet with some type of coupler in the middle. If you're having any difficulty spotting the object you can look at the previous shot and it's in almost the same location or look at the lightning in the background and note where the two discharges cross. The object is straight up and slightly to the left.

Pictures 0251 & 0252 – taken at 22:59 & 23:07, 46.1 sec & 53.5 sec exposures respectively, ISO 200
You'll notice a number of missing shots if you're counting the picture sequence. If it's a slow night (which this was) I will delete what I believe are uneventful shots while I'm in the field. I wish I hadn't done this procedure on this night because I could've discarded other significant photos. I never saw this object until reviewing the pictures a day later on a large monitor. After the fourth shot (#246) I moved the camera in a couple of other directions to see if my luck would improve in capturing any lightning. The last two photos during this session are numbers 0251 and 0252. These are looking downrange towards the south/southwest. The lights you see are those of a neighboring town, Los Lunas. It’s approximately 15 miles south of Albuquerque. The long bright array is a Wal-Mart distribution center. Once again you see an anomaly on the left side of the picture. You’ll notice that it seems to be illuminated by the lightning rather than anything below it. I included these last two because I believe that this may be the same object as in the previous shots enclosed in some sort of shroud or cloaking device. If you can backlight the picture you'll also bring out another "object" just left and below the center on 0251.

I can assure you that this is not a star or planet or any other celestial body (nor does it look like one). Astronomy is a passion of mine and I know what's in the sky and where things are supposed to be and besides the sky was totally covered due to the storm. It's also not a plane of any known type. Having lived on or near military bases all my life I'm quite familiar with both military and commercial aircraft. A couple of commercial (Southwest Airlines) 737's landed during this time but the flight path took them well west of this area and their incoming trajectory was much lower at this distance. I can also state that there was no audible sound that could be heard from this object.

Attached with this report I’m sending photo 0243. Wasn’t sure if you wanted the pictures before and after the UFO shots to include others taken that night for continuity. Of the 17 pictures taken that evening, 6 had an anomalous object in them. I'll be glad to send any of the other pictures, whichever ones you deem necessary. I've not seen a single "object" that looks anything like the one I captured which is a concern to me. Wasn’t sure how to describe its shape since it is triangular but also reminds me of a gyroscope by the way it seemed to move. I'm hoping that you can either enlighten me on what this possibly is or confirm that it might actually be a UFO. (removed due to reference to location/cms/LLL)

The reason I’m sending these pictures now is that I heard that your recent publication dealt with bending light and or cloaking. Initially, when seeing the object(s) for the first time I wasn’t sure what to make of it. It wasn’t until I reduced the ISO value in the camera (picture 0246) and the object seemed to disappear proportionately to the decrease in sensitivity that my interest peaked. My question is: When I reduced the ISO from 800 to 200 (is it safe to say a reduction of 75%?) a significant portion of the object seemed to disappear as well. If I would’ve taken the next step and reduced it by another 75%, putting the object in the realm of normal eyesight would it have disappeared altogether? If this is the case then these things could be everywhere and we just physically can’t see them.

Having well over a thousand photos I have gone back to see if I’ve ever captured anything like this and did find 10 -12 with strange objects on them. Some taken back in 2014 appear to be of this same type of object. They were all taken during electrical storms which I believe is a correlation. 

Sorry about the length of this report. I tried to answer most questions you might have. By the way, these pictures were taken using a Nikon D60 digital camera with a VR 18-55mm lens. I've still got all the pictures on the card in the camera along with all the raw data the camera can provide.

Sincerely, 
D Parrish
