{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-12 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496479","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62916","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7087,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/479/mufon-5496479.json","updb_database_id":5496479}
{cak} fleet/formation of pulsing lights moving east to west then fading out

This report is a companion to my husband's report #62914.

On Sunday October 12th, 2014, a little after 8pm EST, my husband had gone outside to turn off the lights in our detached garage. He immediately shouted back to me to come outside and bring the camera 1 his tone was urgent. 

I fumbled for a moment getting the camera, and when I stepped out our back door I was aghast! The sky to the north of our home was lit up like a Christmas tree with a large cluster of red pulsating lights that were flying in formation from east to west. I set the camera to video and started filming. I was standing on the top step and my husband was below me, and to my left, at ground level. He told me to step down for a better viewpoint. I had difficulty doing so because I couldn't see the stairs in the dark. He helped me down, and I filmed all the while. The video jiggles around during that time.

The sight of these lights was startling. The lights pulsed from a dim glowing orange red to a strong, deep red. While they moved in one large formation, each light was variable enough in its speed and pulsing that they appeared to be individual crafts, as opposed to many lights on one large craft. I estimate there were between 25 and 50 crafts. They moved in unison, but did not pulse in unison. The visual effect was scintillating, like Christmas tree lights that fade in and out rapidly and randomly. They moved slower than the average airplane, and they made no noise. 

My husband ran inside to grab the phone during the sighting. He intended to call our next door neighbor so there would be another witness. As he did so, the lights began to fade out and disappear. I called to him that they were disappearing! He abandoned the phone and returned outside to catch the last of the crafts. 

There were some stragglers that followed after the large formation was gone. These later craft were slightly different from the others; they flew more in a single file line than in a cluster, they seemed to be larger lights than the others and the color was more orange. While their color also pulsed, it seemed slower and stronger than the formation lights. I tried zooming in on one of these craft. 

My SD card ran out of space during filming and I had to run inside and change to a new card. I resumed filming on the new card. I also tried to zoom in and take some still photos, but the shutter speed was too long for a hand held shot. (I got photos of smeared lights). At some point during the sighting, I checked my watch and the time was 8:10pm.

Upon reviewing the videos, the red craft are not as visible in the film as they were to the naked eye. The brighter ones appear in the video, but the camera didn1t capture them all; the sky was shimmering with them! Also, reviewing the video I noticed some larger, more orangeish craft on the upper right side. These look like those other craft that came afterwards 1 but they appear to be flanking the mass of red sparklers. I didn1t realize this until watching the video.

In my video, you can hear the traffic from I-495, which is nearby. There is no sound to the crafts that I could discern live, or in my video. I could not discern a shape to the crafts with my naked eye. To my view, I could only see them as lights.

The weather conditions at the time of the event were chilly with a partly cloudy sky. The patchy clouds were semi-transparent, low, feathery type. The clear parts of the sky were clear enough to see stars. I estimate the temperature was about 55-60 degrees. NOAA wind maps indicate winds from the south at 30001 and from the west at 60001 this evening. 
I called our local police station to ask if anyone had reported some unusual lights, and the trooper replied that they did have a man come in around 10pm to report some unusual lights in the sky. I also called the Philadelphia Airport to learn if they had any explanation for strange lights this evening, such as an air show, or other events involving flying objects, etc. They said they would normally be informed of these kinds of events, but they have no such events on their calendar for this evening.

My background: I1m 49 years old and have worked in banking most of my working life. I enjoy the night sky, sometimes with a telescope, but usually with the naked eye. While I have little knowledge of airplanes, I have lived under the landing pattern of the Philadelphia Airport all of my life. I see planes in the night sky all the time 1 I1ve never seen anything like these lights. 

My feeling when seeing these objects was astonishment, but I was also fearful because of the sheer numbers 1 and you can hear the trepidation in my voice in the video. The sighting was so dramatic, and yet short and limited to a small area of sky. I can easily see how this could be happening all the time, yet never be noticed by housebound people, or people who never look up. It struck me interesting that the weather was in flux from clear to cloudy when these craft appeared. By the time the last craft departed, the sky had become mostly cloudy. It was a small window of viewing opportunity that lined up perfectly for us to see them. 

I added a photo I took on 10/12/14 a little more than an hour after the event. I took this photo using a flash to show the viewing area the videos were taken in, so one might better see the piece of sky we were viewing, which is rather dark and ambiguous in the video. Here one can see the holly tree on the right which obscured the area where the formation, and subsequent stragglers, came from. I also did a quick sketch today, to show the diamond-like formation I saw that night, which doesn1t really come across in the video.
