{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-07-29 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490479","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69104","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3182,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/479/mufon-5490479.json","updb_database_id":5490479}
Two egg-shaped UFOs passed almost directly above my head. They were flying low and the UFOs were trying to blend in with the night sky but their technology flickered so I was able to see the UFOs.

I left my mum's home at approximately 9:45pm on the 29th of July 1997. I intended to walk home as I did not live too far away.

There was a power cut and all of the street lights in the local area were out of action. As I walked down her garden path to make my way home I stopped for a moment to take in the night sky as the stars were very bright that night.

I started turning my body towards the northern sky to see if I could find the Big Dipper/Plough formation and then to my left, in the western sky, I noticed movement. 

I turned to visualise on whatever it was that was making this movement. I then saw two egg-shaped craft that were flying parallel to each other suddenly come flying over my mum's home. They were roughly 20 feet apart and they were flying at probably no more than 70 feet above ground level. I would estimate the length of the craft as being somewhere between 30-35 feet, and the height at the widest point of the craft as being somewhere around 12-15 feet. I estimate their speed was probably no more than 70mph/112kph, and it seemed as though they were trying to blend-in with the night sky by using some form of technology that projected the night sky onto the outside of their craft. This technology was failing though as the two craft kept flickering for a split-second before the whole of each craft became visible again. It was not possible for me to make-out what colour the craft were as it was too dark, but they made a slight noise as they passed overhead which sounded like air being blown quickly out of pursed lips for a couple of seconds. The two UFO continued flying in a straight line in an easterly direction and I lost sight of them within 5 seconds as they passed over the roof of the house opposite my mum's home. I ran out into the street to see if I could still see them through the gap between the two house on the opposite side of the street, but I could not see them anymore. 

If I hadn't have been looking directly up into the sky that night I would not have seen them and nor would I have suspected that two UFOs had just flown over my head. They had no lights nor any other distinctive features, and the sound they made was so slight I would have assumed that birds had just flown over. 

I couldn't sleep that night as I was too hyper. Over the next two weeks I had three very vivid dreams about Grey ETs, so make of that what you will.
