{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-15 20:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469479","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91057","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3489,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/479/mufon-5469479.json","updb_database_id":5469479}
{td} A Silver/ red object came out of nowhere when viewing star.

March 15, 2018, My husband was inside the house when I was outside in our back yard taking pictures of a star right below the object that appeared out of nowhere . It was strange because I didn1t see the object in the lens of my phone as I took the pic. I noticed it afterwards as I looked at my pictures. I never saw it in the sky. The first photo does not show the object and the third photo doesn1t show the object I added them to show you the before and after. I tried to blow up the photo in the last two pics. The time says 8:01 and 8:02. I must of started clicking seconds before it changed to 8:02 . The after pic is 8:05. I was viewing my pics in between that time. When I saw the object in my photos I hurried and started to click some more pics to see if the object would appear again and it didn1t . The object is not seen coming or going. I don1t think anything was on my lens because it would have shown on the other photos. I was facing the south direction of my house and my house is on the edge of the south east part of Tucson ( kind of east central closer to South east edge on the map. I do believe the same day the ISS passed through Az, only I am not sure what time and if I could even get a view of it at 8.00 p.m. at night . On the map it shows that the ISS would have been far north of me or far west depending on where it was at the time. The reason I was taking a pic of the star? My husband and I have been noticing a very huge bright star or object , satellite or planet in the sky ( not sure ) it changes colors and seems to have moved in a very slow speed ( maybe as the earth moves we don1t know ) and it seems to be going west to east . We have been keeping track of it for two weeks or more now . It has slowly changed it1s location. This was the same star that I was trying to photograph when this other unidentifiable object appeared. I am not sure what the red is on the object? It could be on the object or appeared from taking the pic? Not sure ? With the last photo I edited it to the black and white filter to see if I could see an outline of the object. I was hoping to see if it was a satellite or drone or ISS? The object looks kind of strange. Please tell me what you think ?
