{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-07-17 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455479","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106131","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2837,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/479/mufon-5455479.json","updb_database_id":5455479}
{jpg} Strange Light found in photo taken of night sky

In the summer of 2017, my girlfriend, young son and I took a vacation with my side of the family in Woodstock, NY. It was a large rental property just outside of town and the house was set far back from any roads, surrounded by woods and large lawns and landscaped spaces. The main patio area had a large fire pit (seen in the photo) and I was asking my brother in law (a professional photographer) how to shoot the night sky using a new Olympus OMD EM 5 Mark ii I had just purchased. I took a number of shots trying to get the exposure time to extend to capture both stars in the sky and the paths of sparks jumping off the flames (kind of cheesy in hindsight). It wasn't until the next day when I was quickly flipping through photographs that I notice this weird, green portal-looking light in the sky of one of the photos. I didn't notice it when I was taking photos, but it's super visible in the photograph and located above the trail of a satellite, moving across the sky. I say it's a portal, because it just resembles some sort of disturbance in the sky that appears to eject energy out of the top of it. The lower section of the light is shaped like a pancake and the whole thing is colored green with blue parts. My first thought was that I caught some sort of celestial event, but I quickly convinced myself it must have been some sort of glare or reflective issue off the lens. I soon forgot about the photo until a few days ago when I was looking at old photos of my son and stumbled upon the set from the vacation. Now, admittedly, I just watched a movie about Skinwalker Ranch and I'm a believer in UFOs and the multiverse, so I'm probably biased and primed to see that image again and think "It's an interdimensional portal!". Stll, the shape resembles every rendering of a black hole I've ever seen and there appears to be energy of some sort ejected from the top (?) of the thing (light? object? no idea what to call it). So after debating with myself whether to submit it to MUFON (the first site that google kicked back in a search), I said "screw it" and here we are.
