{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-15 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520903","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35496","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2657,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/903/mufon-5520903.json","updb_database_id":5520903}
saw a dark object moving then glowing objects appear/disappear.

I went outside before bed to have a smoke and was looking up at the night sky. It was a very clear night. I noticed a dark object moving north to south but it didn't have blinking lights like airplanes. I assumed it was a low satellite so I just watched it. It turned abruptly southeast. Not swooping and gradually like airplanes. Like a straight line, abrupt 30-45 angle then straight again.Right after it turned several dim/cloudy objects appeared on the dark objects origional path. They swirled around and disappeared. Because that caught my eye I couldnt relocate the dark object. Because it was clear and there was no lights so I couldnt judge the distance. When the glowing objects appeared the whole event seemed closer but still at a good distance. I live close to Omahas airport and landing path so I know what the distance and sound of takeoff/landing planes are. Also Offutt airforce base is about 15-20 miles southwest of here. Military planes are rarely seen on this side of Omaha metro area. Compared to airliners that fly high overhead (Im meaning coast to coast commercial flights)if this was similar distance up its rate of speed was 2 to 3 times faster as airplanes can be observed for close to a minute. I didn't notice a vapor trail from the dark object. No noise, but airplanes really high you cant hear either. I observed the whole event. My then girlfriend (now wife) walked out just as the glowing lights appeared swirled then disappeared. She said "wow, did you see that" She said she saw 7 or 8 lights swirl. She never noticed the dark object. It seemed like 5 to 6 lights to me though, but the swirling lights only took maybe 1-3 seconds. The whole event to about 15 seconds. If it wasnt for the swirling lights, It wouldnt seem out of the ordinary to me. The swirl was like objects around a drain, all moving the same direction and speed. They glowed like a flashlite in fog, but it was perfectly clear. The dark object was far away enough so I could not make out a shape.
