{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-03-18 23:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468903","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91646","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2372,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/903/mufon-5468903.json","updb_database_id":5468903}
{rjl} UFO hovered above my car stopped in the road, got out, was no sound, bright light shining down into car. Was reported on news (WFMY) Greensboro, multiple witness but no hover like mine.

I was driving home late that night. I observed what appeared to be a star low on the horizon, noticed it was moving. Within seconds the object moved almost instantly directly in front of my moving car. I stopped the car and the UFO hovered, hung in the air only about 50 or so feet away from the car in the air above my car. There was a very bright blinding light shining down on the car. I got out of the car and squinted up at the object. There was no sound. I could not make out any details of the craft because of the light It was giving off. It did not move until I remember getting back in the car. At that time I watched it move very slowly over the trees to the east side of the road, there was a light beam shining down through the trees to the ground. As I pulled into my driveway I observed a military fighter jet clipping the treetops heading in the direction I had the encounter. The next morning I saw a report on (WFMY) NEWS 2 that on that night many people in Greensboro had reported hearing a sonic boom and reported seeing an object that appeared to be a star moving across the horizon. I will never forget this night. I was in awe and remember thinking it was some kind of angel that had appeared. I can't remember what happened between the time I got out of the car and when I remember seeing it move slowly away. I know it was night when it started but I remember it being daylight when I saw the jet upon returning home. I couldn't make out any details of the craft due to the darkness and the brightness of the light it was emitting. I know this did happen.
