{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-06-04 01:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467903","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92735","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3035,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/903/mufon-5467903.json","updb_database_id":5467903}
{cak} Ufo hovering outside the front window of my home for a time

Back in the early nineties I was around 11 or 12 I had an encounter that scared me for years after. I've only ever told my wife and up until a few years ago my mother. I was sleeping in my bed and we lived in a double wide trailer at the time . I was only out of school a few weeks I do remember that. I woke up because I had to use the restroom. Our bedroom we're in the rear of the trailer and the restroom was down the hallway about 15-20 ft. As I got up I remember saying to myself what time is it because the whole inside of the house was lit. As I walked down the hall thats when I saw the craft. All I could see was a v shaped bottom with some sort of light fixture hanging off the bottom of the craft. The lights that were hanging off the craft we're rotating in a way and the only way I can explain is that they were all in perfect timing with each other. As they rotated they were so fluent and smooth but we're not so bright that it blinded you but very bright but soft if that makes sense. I entered the bathroom and remember sitting there saying to myself what is going on and what is that.The only thing I could do was pysch myself up enough to leave the bathroom and get back to my bed why I don't know. So after going to the restroom I shut off the light and could still see the lights under the door. Scared but figuring I had to go back to bed I opened the door and proceeded down the hall. I remember walking down the hall but the next thing I remember is waking up in bed saying to myself what was that. I'm not trying to dumb but there is no memory of making it to the room just waking up there. There is another part to this for months after this every once and a while I would wake and hear something on the roof I guess you could say a walking noise it only happened 2 or 3 times that I know of. For years since I've tried to make sense of this. It truly scared me for years after but now it's just a memory. I remember telling my mother and she said she was glad I didn't tell her at the time because around the same time a friend of hers that had a farm had a similar experience with lights at there house and her and her husband hid behind a wall till they were gone but noticed in the morning a horse was gone and then the horse was back the next day. I just wanted to share my experience maybe others have had the same type. Thanks for your time.
