{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-04-05 20:56:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5281903","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"121570","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2603,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/903/mufon-5281903.json","updb_database_id":5281903}
Luminous ball of light

On 5 April, at 2057, I walked out my back door to see a bright luminous object flying in a south east direction. It was a steady orange in color. While watching it move to the south east, it suddenly reversed course and moved the opposite direction to the north west. It shift directions a few times, hovered for a bit, then reversed its course back to the original south east direction it was moving when first observed. The observed time of flight was approximately less than 2 minutes. In the video, I attempt to zoom in but the image blurs and pixelates to make the object look squarish. The object, by eye, was perfectly round.

This is actually the 2nd time I've seen this object. The first time was around the middle of February. I was driving west on AA highway on the border of Grain Valley and Blue Springs, MO. I saw what looked to be the exact same object fly from the north to due south over Blue Springs South high school. It appeared to be at approximately the same elevation as the object observed on the 5th of April but moving in a straight line due south and moving fast. I would estimate its speed as double the speed of low flying personal aircraft.

It's not possible to accurately estimate elevation and size of the object at night. It seemed large, but in the sky, small objects can appear large and large objects can appear small.
I spent my early life as an amateur astronomer, spending countless hours looking through binoculars and telescopes, peering at objects in the night sky. I've never seen anything in the night sky I couldn't easily identify, including orbiting satellites or the ISS. This is like nothing I've ever seen before.
