{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-12-03 23:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5471903","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"88548","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2274,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/903/mufon-5471903.json","updb_database_id":5471903}
no UFO...entity in bedroom

I had laid down in bed, and was just thinking about the nature of reality as I am prone to do. I felt the weight of a small child, say about the age of 4 run across the foot of the bed very swiftly. I felt the weight of the cloaked entity come in behind me and spoon me. Instantly, I felt a deep desire to go right to sleep but I knew this was not ultimately in my best interest. I wasn't afraid, but I wasn't going out without at least putting up a fight. I had a similar instance years ago and I had called upon the name of Jesus and the situation instantly dissipated, so I tried to say Jesus name aloud but realized I was in sleep paralysis. Keep in mind this was happening within 45 seconds at this point. I thought the name of Jesus as I tried to move. I told myself I am not losing consciousness. If the entity was going to take me he had better bring help. Within 30 seconds I was able to roll off the bed to my left over the area the Entity would have been lying. I did not feel his body as I rolled over. I got to my feet. I felt his presence still in the room, and I walked into the adjoining dining room and closed the door behind me. I looked at my phone and the time was 11:33pm. I never felt fear, but I did think inside my head as though to speak to the entity telepathically, "What are your intentions?" I didn't receive a response. I emailed my brother and told him about the experience. I sat up for about an hour, then decided to go back to sleep. I awoke at 6:45am this morning (December 4, 2017) very drowsy and almost unable to get out of bed. I would gladly take a polygraph test without prior notice concerning the issue described above.
