{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-02 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496903","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62475","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3879,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/903/mufon-5496903.json","updb_database_id":5496903}
{nd} 4 or 5 bright orange lights hovering and slowly forming a triangle

My mom and I were turning onto University Avenue in Provo, Utah when we saw a bright orange light hovering in the sky about a block South of us. We began driving in its direction. It disappeared. Moments later we could see it several blocks away so we kept driving in the direction. When we came close to it, we put the car in park on University Avenue and I recorded it before pulling into a small business area. It was hovering over some trees and kept going lower and lower. Suddenly, it went into a sideways oval shape and turned completely clear, almost invisible...but we could still see it and we watched it for a couple minutes before it lowered out of sight behind the trees. I quickly jumped out of the car only to see 4 or 5 more lights moving slowly and in sync above us and then hovering. We watched for several minutes. We called my sister who was at our house where we first saw the light...She ran outside and could see the bright orange lights blocks away, that my mom and I were directly under Somehow we both looked away, I am not sure why...and they were gone. I rarely get headaches, but I was struck with the most pounding headache that it nearly threw me to the ground. I held my head in pain and it pounded. It was especially in the front, but went all around my head. I have never felt a headache like that in my entire life....Shortly after we left the sighting area, my headache left as quickly as it appeared. We recorded from my moms phones, the video quality is not great. For some reason the lights do not show up orange on the video, but when we play it on her phone, you can see the orange. In the first video, you will see the main light moving around. In the bottom right corner there is another one blinking. Also, above that one, if you look very closely you can see something orange fading in and out. This recording is of the one we saw before the 5 other ones, but clearly we caught more than one in the video. The photos also show up much better on the phone and if you look at each one... there are three lights, and they form a perfect triangle together. Nearly two years ago, my friend and I saw something similar from my balcony which is close to this sighting. It was 2 sets of three bright orange lights in the form of a triangle like the pictures appear. One by one the orange lights shot off the triangle form and turned clear/invisible...we watched them in their clear form for several minutes before they disappeared. We are close to Provo Canyon and power lines.
