{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-10-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488903","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70735","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2576,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/903/mufon-5488903.json","updb_database_id":5488903}
{rjl} My entire family of (5) witnessed an event in 1970 that to this date we are asking ourselves

It was a evening walk to a nearby park in October of 1969 in Miami Florida. My family set off to a near by park and my parents started an argument (as usual). As we continued to the park I asked to myself, as most children at 9 years of age, if God would make them stop. We were not a religious family, but I always looked to the sky and asked God for things as a child. As I followed my parents, I would look up at the sky. I first saw a very bright light which looked like a very big star. It was as if it were following us across the streets and towards the park. Finally I tugged at my father and pointed at the star which by this time (maybe 5 minutes)had become a hovering disc made of bright materials (not lights)the outside was like a translucent material which turned from silver to blues, to purple. it was beautiful, but at the same time caused our family to stop in fear. It made no sound, it was just immense over our heads. My father tried to calm us down and I remember him saying to us " it's ok" over and over again. Also, there was a woman sitting outside of her home in a lawn chair who kept asking " what are you looking at?" She did not see what we saw even though she was about 10 ft away. After what seemed hours (but was actually minutes...the object seemed to be pulled back into the sky without noise. It left a sort of imprint/haze in the sky where it had been. My family has never been able to talk about this without becoming a bit flustered. My brother has seen mental health therapists ( for other reasons)and always brings this up. He then asks me " was that real? " I have to reassure him that yes, it was real. We are not alone on this planet. I believe that there is more than what is visible. What exactly, I don't know. Maybe I'm not suppose to know. I sometimes wonder why my family was "chosen" to experience this, but again...I may never know.
