{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-05 17:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284903","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118510","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2802,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/903/mufon-5284903.json","updb_database_id":5284903}
3 crafts ( 2 flew side by side ) 1 followed later

It's late afternoon about 5:30pm as I noticed the sky, a large thick dark cloud was moving quickly from west coast to inland east, as if a twister was forming. The wind was blowing wild in the backyard and with scattering rain drops.
But further away of the cloud ,one can saw the sunny and bright blue sky.
As I looked to the sky through my kitchen window which faced the eastern backyard. I noticed some shinny objects were hovering just below the cloud.
The objects appeared flying in 2 formations, as first I suspected 2 group of Canada geese flying East from west, but with some bright lights underneath them in a chain link shape but not connected.
So, I went and grabbed my binocular quickly and took a close look from my upstairs window with No obstruction in view and clearly saw those were not birds, more like a string of big round lights hanging underneath something and obviously not kind of drones that I thought. I could see the cloud between those lights as if there's no frame or structure attached to them.
The group hovering in one direction with 2 V shape formations with about 6 or 7 lights on each side.
They moved slowly in and out the cloud momentarily then slowly drifted into the distant cloud. They simply did not look like birds or drones as I could see through them between the bright lights as if the frame was transparent and NO noise.
The sighting last about ½ min so I’d no time to ask wife to grab the cell phone, even she was next to me and missed the chance.
Just as I thought was over, another singular group showing up behind them about 1/2 a minute later. This one lead by a much bigger bright light in front and slowly following the same direction into the high cloud and gone.
How big were they ? I guessed it's about a medium size of twin engines plane for each formation.
I waited another 15mins and there's no more sighting.
I wished I'd my camera but I just too excited and their appearance was so short.
However, the binocular did give me a life time thrill I won’t forget.
Hope this sighting someone can convince me is something else as I never see anything like that before.
Best Regard.
