{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-24 18:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506903","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51840","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2913,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/903/mufon-5506903.json","updb_database_id":5506903}
{dr}Was yellow ball and turned into a ship

I tried many times to send these to you and it keeps clicking me out. So I am sending the youtube links.I have a lot of them and will send over the 4 but do have more.
I have been observing this light for about a week now and first it was East of my house and I tried to take pictures of it but my old camera didn't pick it up, and the last few days it has been SW of my house and I was able to take a lot of pictures and video of it. First it just seemed to be a flashing light that would move very slowly and then stay in place then as I was recording it first would turn colors one time it turned bright flaming red and shot a red beam or something out it towards the top right of it and other times it would be white in the middle and around the out side it had red, green and blue lights spinning all around it, this happened a few times. Then it was all yellow and you can see it almost like morph into a ship as it looked like to us. As there are lights on the bottom of it and you can clearly see it and then it started turning yellow again. Then it was all like white and yellow big round circle and you can clearly see a ring around it. I got many pictures and video of this.

I noticed this object as first it was to the left of my house and it was blinking a lot with different colors so I just watched it and then it was over to the right of my house and the same thing so I knew it was no planet. I started recording it to actually see if I could get a closer picture of it as my new camera goes to 120 zoom and that is when I got a lot of great pictures.

I thought when I first noticed it that it might be a planet or something like that

My feelings were at first what the heck is this and then when it started changing colors I knew it was not a planet as it even moved and that I know of planets don't move like that and then when I seen it as what I call it morphed into lights on the bottom and you can see it is a ship and then the yellow light covered it back up. And that is when I thought wow I got it I was so shocked to see that I finally got a picture of it and now I know what it is

I lost site of the object as it faded away. It was moving a lot but it would just go pitch black and you couldnt see it at all.

[Links moved to FI section/cms/tg]
