{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1976-08-08 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504903","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53976","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2463,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/903/mufon-5504903.json","updb_database_id":5504903}
Triangle UFO hovered, spun, turned then moved off at high speed.

Playing outside our houses (4 Kids). I was 8 or 9 years old, We saw an object moving towards us from the direction if London (north). This was almost like a balloon in the way it moved and was quiet. When it came near it looked almost heart shaped with a pyramid top, there seemed to be a window at the front. it hovered over our school field it was the size of our football pitch. The underside had 3 lights one in each corner they seem to be connected by a wavy lines. In the center of the bottom was a large dome, its surface looked like oil on water spinning multiple colours. the UFO it's self was a silver metal with tipped wing ends. It seemed to stay for ages, turning on its end and sides. it leveled out then turned to our right and headed South, it seemed to get longer as it sped away much faster than it arrived. We all were surprised but I did not feel scared, I almost felt happy, relaxed. I have had many other different sightings by myself and with other witnesses. I have become a skywatcher for many years and know a plane from an object that does 90% turns.
The reason for typing this is because I am currently having dreams and visions of what I can only describe as white angels (no wings),a male and a female with long blonde hair and blue eyes, human looking but plain in appearance. They don't verbally talk but speak to me in my head but its not in words almost images. I know this sounds strange but I am currently taking antidepressants and told this is a normal reaction. They just seems so real so I wondered if you have had anybody else report to you these plain white humans angels. 
I have tried to draw the ufo as best I can in Windows paint and attached it below
Hope this all helps.
