{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-17 08:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528903","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26645","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4774,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/903/mufon-5528903.json","updb_database_id":5528903}
bright white cigar shaped object in north phoenix

I had entered the 101 freeway headed east from the 7th Street on ramp. Just north of the freeway at that location is the Deer Valley airport. As I drove past the Cave Creek Road exit on the 101 headed east, because traffic was moving kind of slow I was watching out the window of my vehicle to the north, I saw what at first appeared to be what I perceived as a small light aircraft white in color which was also headed in easterly direction that seemed low in the sky and maybe 1/4 mile north of the freeway which is to say relatively close.

Because the aircraft was quite apparently in my field of view from the driver window position I proceeded to roll down the window on my vehicle so I could see it better and traffic was moving slowly along as it often does in this area during the morning drive time. When I rolled down my window I could see quite clearly that the object had no wings and was a bright white color with no other markings. At this time my thought was that the object looked a lot like one of those military drones because it seemed to be pretty close to the freeway yet not exceptionally large like a small airplane might be at that distance.

The object was traveling in easterly direction in a stable flight path and seemed to be slowing somewhat although it could well have been that I was beginning to pick up speed in my vehicle as traffic was beginning to move a little faster. I felt that I had that chance then to observe the aircraft as closely as I could before resuming normal freeway speeds. I could see that the object had a cigar shaped front end which had led me to the idea that it was a military drone because they sometimes have that cockpit area that is enlarged. I noticed then that the object also had a cigar shaped rear shape and was basically a cigar shaped cylinder. 

As I was observing the craft I kept asking myself to try to determine how far away it was because as I looked closely, although the object appeared to be quite close the edges all around it looked blurry so it made it hard to tell if it was a bigger object far away, or a smaller object nearer by. I was then ready to stop watching the craft because I needed to pay attention to my driving as traffic speed was picking up. As I looked at it as best I could, it disappeared. I searched the sky all around and couldn't believe that it was gone in an instant like that. I was looking right at it when it disappeared.

As I continued to my morning destination, it annoyed and kind of even angered me a little inside because I kept asking myself if I had a perception problem with what I had observed, or had I seen something unique. It also made me feel that way because there was a lot of traffic and people driving where I was located that could easily have seen it and I wondered if others had seen it too but I had no way of knowing. 

Several months ago I saw a similar object in the sky in this area just east of Deer Valley airport. The craft was further away and was moving in and out of the hills there. This is an area of approach to the airport and the reason I noticed the object then was because of that very thing, that the object was not flying in a normal approach type pattern. 

I am reporting this because of my hope that others will come forward if they have seen something like this in this area. When I told some friends what I had seen it felt to me that the words I was using to describe it just sounded ridiculous and trite and I felt like I must have sounded like some kind of idiot. It bothers me to feel like that because I saw what I saw. It was not a completely mind blowing extraordinary thing to see yet to me it was something quite unusual and difficult to explain from my own perception, much less trying to explain to others. 

Could I have been seeing something totally explainable? sure. Could I maybe not have that good of eyesight since I am getting older? sure. I personally don't believe that is the case but I don't want to feel like some kind of idiot so I am gonna hit send and report it. I hope you do the same if you have seen things in this area of North Phoenix.
