{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520296","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36278","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4802,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/296/mufon-5520296.json","updb_database_id":5520296}
3 am..heard dull rumble... looked up to see dark triangle, low speed, single solid white light on tips and a smaller red blinking light center bottom.

I was up late on the night of 2/16/12; for i had a deposition hearing on a business matter the next morning. I was reviewing records, getting my head straight for the next morning and such things, and decided to step out for smoke before retiring in for the night. I frequently do this because there is no smoking in the house. I live in Pownal, Maine. Near the Bradbury Mountain State Park. Coastal. 30 mins. to the south your in Portland, 30 min. to the north your in Lewiston/Auburn. Pownal sisters Freeport. Quiet and rural. Deathly quiet at 3:00 a.m. Live on a back dirt road; lucky to hear a car go by at that hour. Anyway, after stepping out that night and off my porch area into the front yard, I lite my smoke and hear a dull audible rumble, kind of jet like when its fairly high. We hear planes and jets and the such for we live not to far from the international airport in Portland....and about the same distance from the Brunswick Naval Air station; now decommissioned not long ago. I looked up behind me and overhead towards the apparent rumble and didn't see anything, then up in front of me and saw the craft. At about 80-85 degrees off horizon. It had already passed slightly over and by me at this point. Im not sure if it passed over as i was standing there...as i didn't hear it until it passed overhead. It sounded kind of like your furnace kicking on when your outside on a quiet night. A muffled rumble you hear out your chimney. I saw a dark triangular craft with a single solid white light on each of its points and a smaller blinking red light to the center. The front light seemed a little further front than the back two were apart. Id say like a pizza slice. Elongated slightly. All lights appeared to be on the bottom. It was too dark to make out any tail or appendages but there were certainly no other lights on the craft. My first impression was that it was a jet of some sorts...mainly because i could hear it. Sounded like a smooth running mercedes of jet motors, quiet with that dull rumble. It was low enough that i could make out the black triangle body against the night sky between the lighted tips. It came from the west and was headed east on a straight line. Appeared to be headed directly over the Bradbury Mountain State Park, on course to the Naval Air Station on the coast...about twenty minutes by car. It seemed to me to be with-in the 500 ft. to 1/2 mile up zone. Best guess estimate 1,200 ft. Fairly low and close. I watched it all the way clearly go off and away for about three solid min. maybe five. Until it got to about 35-40 degrees off horizon and the lights on the bottom broke plane where i couldnt see them anymore. It moved (flew), very slowly....almost gliding i guess would best describe it. The rumble seemed to match the speed as well. Low,slow,dull. Lived here for about 10 years plus, and most jets and the like where flying out of the airbase in Brunswick, especially the lower flights heading in toward that way. Ive thought and talked about the sighting these last couple weeks, and decided tonight to check out this site for maybe any other sightings in the area, and to make a formal statement. I know others have seen similar objects over the years and believe them to be true u.f.o. Extraterrestrial. I was taken back slightly to see that two weeks to the very day.... that one was reported to the south of here in Massachusetts. Not far away in flight terms. Identical described. This craft does exist... I am in witness thereof; what bites you on the nose you cant deny. There must be no doubt the military knows of this craft. It didn't seem to mind anyone looking at it, all lit up on the bottom with the blinking red light....seemed close to the speed in between real navigation light blinking as well. My experience with this sighting was that it was for sure stealthy. Maybe military. Where theres smoke theres fire. This craft .....what ever it may be is traveling the New England corridor right now. i,ve been looking up about every night now when I step out; and so should you all.
