{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-08 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493296","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66222","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4369,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/296/mufon-5493296.json","updb_database_id":5493296}
{nd} I woke up and felt stuck in my bed like i was paralyzed, felt a transformer sound in my brain, and got pulled lifted off my bed.

I am deeply confused if I was dreaming or what the hell is going on. I went to bed this Thursday night at around 4:00 AM. I don't know exactly when, but I woke up with a feeling like someone was watching me, and feeling really low power transformer feeling in my brain and body, like one of those shock prank buzzers, but the vibrations only, not a sound. 
I felt really scared like my house was being broken into, which was what I though so my first thought was to get my sword, and walk toward to door, but I could't move out of my position, and started hearing tones and voices telling me I was safe, and to relax. 
Obviously, I thought this was my mind telling myself to chill out, and think carefully if someone was in my house, and suddenly, I saw 2 small weird looking things standing on the side of my bed next to me with no emotions, but they seemed like they were members of my family, or someone I met in a past life or something. Then I realized immediately, these were not people. I thought again that I was dreaming, or I was having a night terror or a nightmare I was going to wake up from, and I realized that this was too physically real to be a dream. Then I felt myself saying, let's go, we're going now", and to my shock, my body lifted from my bed, and went thru my wall of my bedroom in a bright light. up toward a little star like light above my yard, and then I remember feeling a strong overwhelming fainting feeling and went to sleep. I woke up and I was laying on an area next to the same creature, and he said "its okay, you'll be alright" "don't worry" but he said it in my voice, which I clearly remember feeling extreme fear, and it was not helping me feel safe at all. I remember crying like a child, but it was strange because it felt happy, as if I was meeting god in heaven. It had a shiny like1mesh/spandex suit with a triangle and circles insignia on it, and I asked what are you doing to me why am I here. No answer, then I felt the sensation that I had to orgasm suddenly, and I remember feeling like a love for this thing, like it wanted me to enjoy the stimulating feeling, and it said it was making children for the future of earth. It said it's name was zeta, and it was hard to make out from the bright light above us, which felt like it was brighter than the sun. I remember looking sideways, and seeing another small brown grey man, and they had really long hands, and fingers. kind of like a geckos fingers look, and they were talking to each other without making noise, but i could still hear them in my head talking, like a person does when they have conversations with themselves about their plans for a day. Then I felt an overwhelming tired feeling and that was the last thing I remember. When I woke up, I had a burning feeling pain on my ankle and a little circle of skin was cut 4 layers down into my shin, about the size of a pin head. Since then, I have felt like I have been hearing little beeps and feeling those low vibration buzzers in my head when I wake up, and I feel physically sick am I going crazy? I am reluctant to tell anyone, because I don't want to be labeled as a crazy tin foil hat guy, but I know what I saw, and it was defiantly what the typical alien looks like I'm assuming. It was absolutely terrifying, and after reading online about other people's encounter stories, I am convinced that I have been taken by aliens.. How does someone rationalize this??? Is there an alternate explanation, or should I seek a psychiatrist? Do I report this to the police?
