{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-12-16 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497296","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62079","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5030,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/296/mufon-5497296.json","updb_database_id":5497296}
{cak} Orbs hovering and flying all around. Cell phone called went static and dropped.

Earlier this week on Tuesday, Dec. 16th, 2014, Lynx and I went out UFO hunting in our town one last night for the remainder of the year. The two UFO hunting outings that were within the past week were successful as there has been a lot of strange UFO activity going on right now. On Friday, December 12, for 40 minutes in the swamp/refuge that borders town, we watched a black triangle with orangish/red lights hovering and flying around. The following night on Saturday, December 13, for 5 minutes and with two other witnesses we watched a pair of orangish/red orbs off in the distance just past the swamp/refuge. As soon as we got to the observation hotspot, I noticed a pair of orangish/red orbs flying above the trees through the swamp forest. I just wanted to stay there for a minute and observe it to see what it did, not go chasing after it. We walked out on the boardwalk and I immediately noticed just on the other side of the river two sets of orangish/red orbs were flying from the north to the south. I then look over to my left again to see if I could still spot the one pair of orbs through the trees and I could no longer see it. Again I just wanted to wait and watch from there to see what would happen, but my friend was leaving me behind to head into the swamp. I was starting to get upset and even more scared. As soon as I stepped into the tree coverage of the swamp I saw several orangish/red orbs flying and hovering around above the tree line and I was unable to keep my eye on them the entire time. My friend was telling me to hurry so that we can get to our usual filming spot to set up the camera equipment. I immediately call my best friend on the phone just to keep me in the moment and so that he would be there in case anything happened. We finally make it out to the filming spot where we have a good view, I still have my friend on my phone, my heart is racing, I'm shaking and I look behind me and above the tree line of the swamp are so many orangish/red orbs flying and hovering around that I was unable to count and watch them all at once. On the other side of me was the river and where the two sets of orbs were located when we first started out. Because I was trying to keep my eye on the many orbs above the swamp that were a whole lot closer, I was unable to tell if the others were still there. So I'm trying to set up my tripod and camera to get this on video and I still have my friend on the phone talking to him. The orbs then started flying towards us and over the river. When the orbs were the closest to us as they were flying over the river, with still being on the phone with my friend, MY PHONE WENT TO COMPLETE STATIC AND THEN MY CALL WAS DROPPED. I didn't put this together until later, but while a dropped call can happen occasionally if one is in a bad spot, what was so strange was the correlation between the static sound just before the dropped call as the UFO was flying nearly overhead. I didn't try to use my phone until much later that night, but when the call dropped with that static sound that it did, it caught me off guard.

Tuesday night is the 5th time that we have seen UFO activity over the swamp/refuge bordering town and it was definitely the scariest UFO hunting night because there was so much orb activity all around us. Again, these orbs were flying very-very low just above the tree tops, large, silent and would hover. I have spotted the black triangles and the orangish/red orbs now enough times that I have a pretty good idea of some of their characteristics, which include; change from orangish/red color to white, a light/orb may blink while another or others stay solid, tend to turn lights off one by one; sometimes you will see three lights of the triangle and can see a very distinct triangular shape and then the craft will make the slightest move and you'll only be able to observe two lights. There doesn't seem to be any rhyme or reason to the way the lights are changing from orangish/red to white, three (or many) to two to one, and solid to blinking. In fact, knowing this is one of the best ways to spot a UFO and then of course being in an area that has a lot of activity like where we are. I just want to add on here, that I haven't been interested in this stuff until I recently started spotting these strange things in the sky, just for the record.
