{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-08 23:24:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491296","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68275","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2624,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/296/mufon-5491296.json","updb_database_id":5491296}
{cak} It was the evening of July 8th 2015 I witnessed an unknown unimaginable ufo appearance moving along midair as I was driving

The evening of July 8, 2015 I was driving alone along a PA state highway interstate when I saw an unknown unimaginable UFO object in my front view as I was driving approximately 70 mph. It was blinking in and out moving at a slow and steady pace, moving down and forward. I was in complete disbelief by what I was seeing because the first thing that came to mind was a UFO because it was not anything of a ordinary flying object that's man made. The object itself looked like it was made of ruby, like a jewel, it had 4 solid circle beams of light that was gold colored and bright that surrounded the dome cylinder shaped bottom but the light that projected the beam that came down appeared to come from the center of the object. It was in view for about a a minute or longer. To my amazement I just stared as it blinked in and out I was trying to phathom what I was seeing while trying to stay safe on the road. There was no other vehicles on the road besides a truck in the distance behind me. I didn't think about stopping but I slowed down so I could go to my camera on my cell phone to capture what I could before it left my view. One picture came out purple I don't know if it was because my hand covered the camera I don't know but the other picture shows a glimpse of part of what it was. I don't believe that there will ever be enough technology to fully capture the true essence of what had appeared, it was from another dimension not of this world. It is complex to describe because what my camera captured wasn't exactly what was before me as if it was transformed but still had the characteristics and form of UFO with a distinct crusted pattern like a ruby jewel, something I'll never forget.
