{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-08-18 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292296","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"111028","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5580,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/296/mufon-5292296.json","updb_database_id":5292296}
Several lights (20 at least) )and 3 black triangle craft

Leaving house to drive home with two friends, noticed a strange light hovering not to far over the horizon, starting to move one direction, stopping then moving another direction. I was excited at the possibility of something phenominal so I climbed onto the roof of my detached garage. Lying there I saw the light hover directly over me, and noticed it was moving in unison with two other dimmer lights. I began to experience a headache on one side of my head. As I looked around I began to make out several other single point lights patrolling around the main 3 sometimes rejoining or breaking away from the main three. The three lights were moving together as though “tethered,” but the shape would rotate around and sometimes grow and then shrink. After observing the bizarre lights for almost half an hour I resolved to drive the friends home. Driving to the first friends house roughly 10 minutes from mine, I noted the three lights where still directly overhead, and a further back light closer to the horizon appeared to slowly move in out direction. Halfway I saw a huge bright white orb hovering very low moving towards us. We all confirmed seeing several flashes of light in the sky from the direction we were currently driving to. The white orb flashes bright than turned a dim red pulsing. As soon as that happened the power around us was out, and we could make out many more lights 20-30 all over the sky moving in similar hovering and wobbling, shrinking and growing and tethered formations. I began to make out that the three lights were more like 10 or so lights tethered, I made out 2 Seperate 10 or so bundles of lights (3 super crafts as we began to refer to them). My other friend noticed that the lights would sequentially blink and then the next for the serious of the 10 lights over the one super craft. When we got to the first friends house. We stayed in the back yard and observed the phenomena for another three hours . ( I should notice that while driving we witnessed two fire trucks and around 5 in total police cars with lights driving all around us as we drove to the first house, as well as a helicopter and a jet I believe moving. All around where the power outage occurred). There we lied on the grass in the backyard, watching as I said for atleast another hour. We made out the 3 super crafts although they were rotated around in different angles but maintained the same rough placement of the sub lights. The second friend was somewhat agitated while lying down and expressed she heard a voice(seemingly masculine) whisper the word “listen”. Us other two heard nothing. A minute later he professed to hear the word “calm” and I wondered if it was because she was agitated while watching them. All three of us confessed to feeling a calming relaxation as we observed the lights, although I was myself pretty excited and had a raised heart rate I felt extraordinarily relaxed through the rest of my body, not tense. It was at this time I asked my friend if she was experiencing a headache on the right side of her head ( I don’t know what compelled me to ask this honestly, just a strange hunch as I tried to formulate the best hypothesis I could) she was quite taken aback and admitted she did (mine was on the left side). Leaving the first friend I drove her home. I must have witnessed at least 4 flashes of light in the sky, and around 3 shooting star like lights without tails all around these network of lights hovering around us over the course of the entire event. Once I took her home I drove to a field and lied on the grass to watch them for another hour, as usual I immediately identified the three super crafts still rotating slowly, and several “scout?” craft patrolling around the big big ones. I had a strong desire to be contacted by them in some way other another but didnt really experience that. A half hour in I watched another helicopter flying low right towards where I was. I went back to my car and drove home, they were still in the sky when I arrived around 2:30 am, but I resolved to just go to sleep as I had already seen a lot and felt exhausted. I didn’t really plan on filming anything because I didn’t think the camera would really pick up enough to do it justice, plus I just kind of enjoyed the moment as it unfolded. I have done my own research into the UFO/UAP/AAV phenomenon but have never experienced anything myself. This was just extraordinary. Today is the next day I slept in till around noon and now at 3pm I’ve decided to post this because I didn’t see anybody else post about it on mufon.com. I could probably get the other two people to corroborate what we saw, I just having asked them or told them I’m posting this yet. Almost forgot, when we were watching in the friends backyard we all witnessed a formation of three triangle craft moving along a specific path under the three super craft (they were pretty damn fast)
