{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-06-25 04:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5283296","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120144","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3129,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/296/mufon-5283296.json","updb_database_id":5283296}
First of all, I was perfectly sober and of sound mind when the event occured. Im prepared to give further statements if called upon.

Sighting occured around 4am. I am living a night-type of lifestyle, so I was quite awake and not tired at all. I was sober, not under any influence whatsoever.

Around 4am I peeked out of my 2nd stories window to smoke a cigarette, and was doumbfounded by what I saw.

It was very close to me, Im no expert in US metrics so im going to be giving measures in standard metric system.
So, it was about 15 to 20 meters above me, a little to the right of me, basically cutting right above my houses roof. It wasnt too big, nor too small. I would say it was small house-sized and cillindrical (two plates stacked on one another type of shape), so about 50 meters across.

The first thing that stood out to me was its colours and engine-looking port on the bottom.
It was the colour of extremely heated metal, like the orange-gold glow, but the shape was very well visibile. In fact, I could almost certainly give you the drawing how this craft looked.

Anyway, going further. The interesting part of it was its "engine". I gave the qoutes as Im not sure if it was its propulsion or a viewport, but Im certain that it was rotating counter-clockwise to the craft itself, almost like a turbine innards but made of "heat". The colour on the so called engine was kind of glowing, or at least more intense than the rest of the craft. 
Electrical hum was heard. I recall having my hair almost like fluctuate -it rose and fell on my arms during the sighting.

After 30 seconds the craft slowed marginally down to near stand-still and remained in that posture for the next 15 seconds. I feared it noticed me, but had my inner reasurance like it was okay either way. 
After that, the craft slowed its rotation, started to move a little bit quicker ( id rate its speed then about 5km/h) before suddenly accelerating to impressive speed ( couldnt rate, it dissapeared near instanly, but for sure more than I expected).
It left something along the line of a "trail" after it accelerated ( like the planes leave in the sky, but it was shimmering) that dissipated after a second. 

After that encounter 3 months later Ive seen either the same craft, or a very similiar one, but much further ( 200meters at least). It wasnt as eventful, encounter lasted about 10 seconds, but it was once again when I went to smoke a cigarette. 

That about sums it up. Since then, Ive had no further encounters as of yet.
