{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-31 20:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503296","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55660","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3230,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/296/mufon-5503296.json","updb_database_id":5503296}
{rjl} Elongated shape, two red lights on each side of center white light. Moved slowly, stayed near horizon, possibly damaged power line

On the evening of March 31, 2014, I was sitting on my porch, which is all glass, when I noticed an unusual red light (in fact, it appeared to be a circular shape illuminated red). It was so different that I immediately grabbed the nearby binoculars. Through the binoculars, it appeared completely different from the single red light. It was clearly two red lights on each side of a center bright white light (five lights total). The difference in appearance from the naked eye was so startling that I looked several times both with the binoculars and the naked eye trying to reconcile the marked change from one to the other. 
Although it was late dusk when I first looked at it through the binoculars, I could clearly see daylight above, below, and on both ends of it. It was just barely above the horizon and was moving very, very slowly from the west to east at a distance that I estimated to be about one mile from my location. As it moved, it went below horizon level and continued east until I couldn't see it anymore. 
I am retired Air Force and have lived at this location for 26 years. We have both commercial and military airplanes and helicopters in this area; therefore, I am completely familiar with their appearance and sound. In no way did this object fit the profile of any conventional aircraft nor did the configuration of the lights on the craft.
I subsequently drew a rough sketch of the craft including the pattern of the lights. I used this to inform my wife of what I had seen. The next morning we were again sitting on the porch discussing the flight path of the unknown craft. It was when I was pointing out how the craft flew below the horizon that we noticed power company trucks working on the lines at the exact point that I believed was in the path the craft had taken. During all the years that we have lived here, we have never seen any repairs done on any power lines in the area. Coincidence? We were struck by the possibility of the connection between the two events and thus took pictures of the power crew working on the lines. 
The reason I have waited until now to report this is I thought, "Who cares. It is going to be hard enough to explain it to my wife and sons. After all, this is the second one I have seen out here and neither time did I have any other witnesses." I still can recall the first sighting as clear as can be even though it is years later and was a daytime sighting of a near collision between an unidentified cigar-shaped craft and a C130.
