{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1978-06-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493785","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"65720","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3807,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/785/mufon-5493785.json","updb_database_id":5493785}
aproximate year 1978 (evening) looking outside living room window observed a flying object with large rotating red lights ascending felt fixated and not knowing why i was in front of the window observing .

Embarrassed to tell this story but have kept it to myself for a very long period of time. Just a dream? more than positive is was not.

It was an evening in 1978, I was 9 years old I was in bed sleeping or at least I think I was, the whole experience felt like a dream and waking up with a feeling of waking to something I shouldnt of been witnessing. 

As far as I can remember it felt as if I was in bed then awakened looking out my living room window observing a dark rotating circular object with large rotating red lights that seem to rotate opposite of the rotating object.

I observed this for a short period of time approximately 5 to 10 minutes. At this time my Father was at work and I was home with my mother and older brother. What I found to be very strange and a mental image I cannot let go is that when the object ascended and was out of view I noticed my mother and brother walking away from behind me entering their bedrooms not saying a word very robotic like. I also remember saying to them as they walked away " Did you see that?" and what was disturbing to me was the blank stare they both had and unresponsive as they entered their bedrooms.

The next day I remember asking my mother and brother about what we have seen and they could not associate the story whatsoever. I also remember telling my father about the incident and he chuckled. And the brief experience was never brought up again, just the memory of the incident.

At this time and before I was a young artist,sculptor,and musician.I found after this incident that I was drawing alien type creatures with no visible mouths and with the well known large black eyes with claw type hands almost like a lobster claw,(still have the drawing) I have no idea why I was obsessed with drawing these images I was also drawing human females with no mouths. I also went through a period of dreams of these creatures and the objects they came from. One dream in particular was an impossible large sized object hovering over the forest in my back yard, so large it was fearful and the reason why I awoke from these dreams I was having.

Another incident was my father awakened from sleep with a male figure at the edge of his bed with no mouth.After discussing this with the family I was shocked at the fact that he either had a dream of this male figure with no mouth or actually seen what he had seen. I never discussed my drawings with him and always had a fear of this coincidence.

I am now 45 years old I am a graduate of Design and Animation and 3D Arts. To this day I have a deep continuous interest in creating the same creatures I have had dreams of as a child. Ive also noticed in the past 3 years I seem to see the numbers 123 on a daily basis and with witnesses to when I seem to see these numbers, either clocks,signs,and other. Yes its very strange I know, but also annoying.

I have read and seen documentaries of people who have underwent some hypnotherapy and one day I would be curious to find out myself.
