{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-27 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5511785","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46552","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4383,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/785/mufon-5511785.json","updb_database_id":5511785}
{dr}1 large red globe, and at least 10 crafts that had the lights like helicopters.

I live out in the country and enjoy looking at the sky in the evening from behind my picture window in the dining room that faces east. The evening of October 27, 2011 had clear skies and it was almost dark at 8:20 pm. While I was walking by the picture window, I noticed something going on and off so I decided to look. It was a red, round light that suddenly was gone and 3 seconds or so reappears further away, then the light was gone again, followed by reappearing, but closer, it was the size of a basketball and was hanging in the NE skies, seemingly quite close. This happened about 4 four times or so; lights off, reappears in different location. 
I could not figure out what this could possibly be. Because I have never seen anything like this (I have seen many airplanes and helicopters in the skies), I called my husband to check on this red light. While he was taking his time coming from the family room, I noticed at least 9 helicopters, flashing their lights (red, green, white, blue) following state route 105 that runs parallel to the Portage River, about 1/2 mile from my house. Some were above the tree tops, some were not. This was strange to see that many helicopters going the same direction SW to SE and 2 or so from South to North, and so close to each other. 
I immediately thought that there is an emergency situation at the Brush Wellman, a company that is located about 1.5 miles SE of my home and that has big US governmental NASA/defense contracts, or the Davis Bessie nuclear power plant, located about 15 miles NE from my home. I opened up the door next to the window that leads into the backyard, and at that point I seen the large red light go way up, not in a straight line, but more in a curve. Then all the "helicopters" suddenly were white in color and followed the red light, they all went up in a curve, and were several miles up in the clear night sky. The former red light remained the largest and ended up in the center, surrounded by at least 2 dozen smaller globes. I then realized these were not helicopters! I watched for a few seconds and the orbs seem to become one large bright circle touching the big one that remained in the center. But then it seems as if they were playing, i.e. some were going in and out the circle, making erratic maneuvers. What a sight to see.
My husband and 13 year old granddaughter joined me and they thought it was great to see this display of white lights high up in the sky. I on the other hand, got suddenly scared and went into the house, and tried to talk them to come back in the house as well which they did not do. They stood outside for the longest time, while I was inside, feeling scared. After about 20 minutes or so, my husband and granddaughter came in, not because the orbs were gone, but it was too cold to be outside that long. We still talk about it quite a bit - I now have my regular watch behind the picture window every evening. My granddaughter and I are convinced that these were beings from other places in our cosmos. My husband already knew about UFOs, he seen a UFO from close up when working outside in the railroad yard one evening in 1996, right above the tree tops, going over him, "as big as a football field". 
I wonder if this event occurred because the day before my neighbors home was raided by many police, FBI & such, because of growing an illegal substance in the basement. There were about 15 cop cars, maybe more, parked in front of their house and driveway most of the day, with a lot of commotion. This event and activities are highly unusual in my neighborhood where it usually is quite. I wonder if the police radios caught the attention of aliens and they decided to check it out ...
