{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524785","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31027","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2509,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/785/mufon-5524785.json","updb_database_id":5524785}
triangle with bright red underdome in middle, each point lighted

I was returning from the movies heading north on hwy 319 between Killearn and Bradfordville Rd. in north Tallahassee. I was sober and I had my top down and was cruising about 45 miles per hour. I am 60 years old and retired from the US Postal Service. I have worked on air force bases and am familiar with all types of flying vehicles. It was dark and partly cloudy. I looked up a noticed in front of me to my right a huge triangle in the sky just above the trees. There are a lot of trees along this stretch of road with a few clearings here and there. At first I thought it was a triangular cell tower because they have three white lights and a red light above them in the middle.
As I drove a little futher it was in a clearing and I could clearly see it wans't a tower. The lights on the ends appeared to be triangular to form the ends and lighted from the inside. What I don't understand is the huge slowly pulsating red domed light in the bottom middle of the craft. It was slowly heading in a southerly direction away from me.
After I saw it I tried to turn into a street to take a picture if I could but some jerk was right behind me and I couldn't turn in. As I went to the next block I knew it was of no avail for me to try to turn because too much distance between the object and me.
A couple of days later I inspected my route in the daytime and again at night. I never saw any tower except a radio tower a few miles north. This object was to my immediate right and heading behind me. No sound, no props, no jets, and no descending, just slow and steady movement.
I was bewildered because I have never seen such a thing. I have heard of these sightings and always dismissed them as experimental aircraft. Now that I have seen this and how it moved I know I was wrong in that judgement. This craft was impressive in size and spooky to me!
