{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499785","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59345","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3076,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/785/mufon-5499785.json","updb_database_id":5499785}
jd} I couldnt possibly desribe this event in 25 words or less.

Hi there.
  My name is Jamey Kincer. I live in dripping springs texas. One of
seven dark sky communities in america. Im not sure if this is the
reason we see so many things here but none the less we do. I have
always been a sky watcher but recently since myself and my 2 kids
moved in here about a year ago its been unusual to say the least. We
have watched many many ufos streaking or pulsing or wobbling across
our sky but we started noticing a pattern, then things got a lot more
personal. We noticed that almost all the craft were disappearing
around the same location in the sky.
All of my attempts to capture these have not worked out. I just dont
have the capabilities i should yet! sorry!
Heres the wierd part...my girlfriend(who we live with as it is her
house) is not a believer in anyway. The other night out in the jaccuzi
star gazing like we always do i noticed a bright white light in the
sky some distance away and jokingly took out my cell phone and set my
light to setting 6 and shined it up at it.... about 5 minutes later we
noticed a very similar bright white light about the size of a golf
ball on the edge of our yard circling towards the jaccuzi....we joked
and said holy cow it came in for a closeup....after 10 seconds it
pused about 6 feet from us we about jumped out of our skin...not even
1 second after we were seeing this a bright whi9te light lit uo the
jaccuzi we were now hanging over the edge in, and not the ground in
front of us at all....we instinctively looked up and both saw the same
thing....a massive massive craft going about 100ft over our house and
was cigar/ovalish shaped with two diamond shaped sets of wings, one
front and one back. it made no noise and disappeared about 300 ft
passed the house.
She was so scared and confused that she now wants me to do this
here....tell someone.
This is not the only instance either... like i said we see ufos all
the time here....but that started the series of sightings and events
leading up to my kids telling me about weird lights outside their
windows.
I dont think you directly can help us at least get some proof we arent
crazy but maybe this is the first step to getting in contact with
someone interested enough to try.
Thank you for all the awesome reporting and job yall do. thx for
putting up with one helluva letter. any reply is already greatly
appreciated.
Thx and be blessed
J
