{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-30 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490785","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68790","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2573,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/785/mufon-5490785.json","updb_database_id":5490785}
{jpg} Tens (40?) of spheres at various elevations moving slowly from east to west.

I walk my dog every night between 9:00 - 11:00 for about 15 minutes. I always watch the sky when we're walking (and have tripped many a time as a result). I like to look at the stars and hope to see a satellite because they're so different from stars and planes. I definitely know the difference between stars, planes and satellites.

I was walking the dog as usual this evening and saw a satellite. I hadn't seen one for several days so stopped to watch it. Then I saw another. And another. And another. I started scanning the sky and kept seeing more and more. Some were clearly closer than others with the furthest away not much larger than pinpricks. I was torn between running to tell my husband and wanting to see them before they disappeared. When I realized that they were continuing to come, all in the same trajectory from east to west, I decided to get my husband because he has an interest in such things. I ran to the house, threw the dog in, and told my husband and friend who was visiting to hurry up and come outside.

Two unrelated neighbors outside heard my cries and asked what was going on. I told them and they followed me down the street to the open area where we could see between the trees. My husband and friend were also with me. It took my husband and friend a bit of time to see the objects but one of my neighbors saw them almost immediately. As we stood watching, they just kept coming from east to west, moving steadily and silently across the sky. I can't really say if they were in formation but they were definitely in lines and were in various sizes. I imagine the small ones were higher up. If satellites travelled in packs of 50 at a variety of elevations, I'd say that's what they were.

My feelings? Awe and astonishment. I was a bit wrought up because my husband suggested a few times that I "take it easy." I wasn't scared; just amazed and excited.
