{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-17 03:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530785","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24683","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2449,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/785/mufon-5530785.json","updb_database_id":5530785}
Freezbe shaped very illuminating white whti plulsating blue that went back and forth and spotlight.

my family and i were caming in the redwoods at a beautiful place on the night of friday i woke to use the restroom and hiked down the path to find a spot i was amazed how it illumiated. i flashed my flashlight and with outh the illumination changing there seemed to be a beam of light looking back. i got up and went to my tent where i showed my boyfriend he looked at it and we both stood ther wondering what it could be. i sat down and saw my boyfriends head yank back he said that beam was looking at him. there was no moon and it was very dark and so suprising that the light was so bright. then my boyfriend and i watch the lights dim not move. then my boyfriend watched it shrink and dim them fly though the trees where my boyfrind could no longer see. we were baffeled. 
it might be useful to tell you i am psychic and so is my daughter who was there. It would also intrest you in that earier we all did a night walk and photograghed more than a hundred orbs. i know this sounds nuts but i would e happy to show the pictures. i didn't get a pic of the bright lights. but please give us the benefit of the dought and call and we can tell you more. i later went to were i saw the bright light and it was in a circle of trees that would have been difficult if not impossible to climb on in the dark. and somehow that spot has intest energy. i am able to show you were the light exactly and where the orbs were. i am hoping for a logical explation and need your help. i was startled but not scared that much and neither was the boyfriend we went right back to bed. and for the last crazy thing i am going to tell you is that this is not my first enounter. please please just call and jive me a chance to tell you and answer questions to find out what this was.
