{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-12-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5466785","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93898","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2482,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/785/mufon-5466785.json","updb_database_id":5466785}
{jpg} Went on vacation to Ft. Garland, CO. Christmas Day. Saw red and blue flashing lights outside that night.

I had gone on vacation with friends to their cabin at Ft. Garland, CO. on Frelinghysen Rd. We got there Christmas evening. We had to wait for a snow plow to clear the driveway so we could pull up to the cabin the snow was so deep. My friends had brought up a Van load of stuff that had to be unloaded and carried into the cabin. So my friend and I worked bringing everything in while her husband was inside watching TV in their warm livingroom where their beds were. I got over heated from working and got sick that night with fever and chills. 
  We settled in and all went to bed around 11:00 pm. It was freezing outside and coming a blizzard with very high winds. (That can be verified with The National Weather Service I1m sure.) I fell asleep but, was sleeping lightly because, the cabin kept popping and shaking from the wind. All at once I heard the door and door knob where I was sleeping start shaking very hard like someone was trying to get in. Someone was breaking in I thought. It terrified me so much I couldn1t move, scream and could hardly breathe from fear. I looked up at the window on the opposite side of the room and saw bright red and blue twinkling lights outside. I don1t know what happened after that.
  The next morning when I woke up all I could see was the blue sky through the window.The sun was shining so I got up and looked outside. I knew without a doubt a UFO had been there that night. I did not know if it landed or just hoovered. The cabin sat up on the side of the mountain. The ground was covered in deep snow. No evidence anywhere. I could not think of any aircraft the U.S. had that could fly in 60 or 70 mph winds.
 My friend and her husband medicated themselves to go to sleep and did not wake up that night and did not see anything.
