{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-30 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289785","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113568","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2836,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/785/mufon-5289785.json","updb_database_id":5289785}
Ship flew over me

I had taken my sweetheart camping in a remote area in the Dragoon Mountains, out side Tombstone AZ. The purpose of trip was that I was going to take to the area where a old Native American Portal existed. We had camped in a place surrounded by great rocks and was somewhat secluded. I was Driving my Blazer like truck and parked it under one of the large oak trees there. 

Later that night we had blown up the air mattress in the back of the truck to sleep. It was around Midnight when I saw a large craft hovering but moving slowly towards us. It was amazing I could see the craft clearly through the fiberglass ceiling of the truck. As it got closer I felt the ground vibrating and as it when over us. The ground vibration became more intense as it was over head. I could see that the long ship with a flat bottom had a full crew of 8 to 10 people. 

I did not dare move as I felt that they would be able to detect the slightest movement in their instrumentation. It probably took several minutes for it to pass over us. When I went to ask my sweetheart about it, she was fast asleep now, but was awake talking to me moments before the ship came into sight. 

I want to be cautious about what I say as I do not want to be lying in bed watching the stars through the ceiling and seeing a accidentally fired missile coming towards me. Yes, this has changed my life. The frequency waves were indescribable but I could feel they were multidimensional frequencies which changed me OR my body frequency or my DNA.

One point I wish to make, the ship I saw was from the future. I recognized the advanced evolutionary design of the ship. Maybe several hundred years from now. Now, I wake from my sleep and find myself in different times in the past, future, and dimensions. 

Why am I writing, I heard [name removed] talk about this on the [name removed] this evening (02-06-21) and always thought I was the only one. I also wrote briefly about this in my book in 2015. 

I did not include my sweetheart's name as a witness as I do not have her permission. Another note or warning, do not be under one of these ships as it passes. The changes in their life will destroy them.

Thank you for reading about my experience.
