{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-08-05 02:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286785","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116597","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2831,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/785/mufon-5286785.json","updb_database_id":5286785}
Tic Tac

I did not report this before because UAPs (UFOs) are a forgone conclusion and I just happened to be in the right place at the right time to be able to observe it. Now that our government has come out with their own conclusion on these sightings, from my unique observation, I will have to disagree with them. I am reporting this now for informational / scientific purposes only. I have never heard of this kind of observation being reported before and people might find this interesting.

I work nights and a little after 2:00 am I went out to take a break. It had been raining that night and the rain clouds where starting to break up. The moon was bright that night also. I was standing outside under our portico and I was looking up at the clouds when I noticed as the clouds where moving I saw something that was not moving with the shifting of the clouds. I thought maybe something was hanging off the roof so I walked out into the parking lot to look and the object was still there. The clouds shifted and I had a clear view of it. It was a low cloud ceiling and when I saw it it was stationary and not lit. It was sitting just above the cloud cover and from my observation it looked about 2" long. At first the shape reminded me of a cigar shape UFO but i thought it was too small to be a "cigar" UFO. Not until the Navy released the video of a Tic Tac the following year did i realize that was what I saw. It was a grey cylinder shaped object with a charcoal grey colored thin line running down it's length. I observed it clearly one time for at least 5 minutes. It was lit up by the moon and at that time it had a higher cloud bank behind it. The clouds shifted and I couldn't see it. Suddenly the clouds lit up and it started moving to my left. The light was about 50 yards from me when it took off without a sound. It left a light trail in the shape of an inverted V in the clouds that I saw from just above me into infinity! The Light was visible it's entire length then just blinked out! I was stunned then disappointed I didn't see the craft when it took off! But then I may not have been able to see it's light trail off the clouds. So, someone on our planet may have this type of scientific capability? Really?
