{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-10-15 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516785","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41324","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2675,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/785/mufon-5516785.json","updb_database_id":5516785}
{dr}extremely black, odd shape boomerang, strange array of lighting on front edge.

i was helping a friend install a water heater in my home(mobile) standing next to the side at the end of trailer on right side perpendicular to the street assisting him while he was underneath connecting gas/waterlines. i turned and looked tward the street and noticed something in the air, i noticed it because it made me think it was a hang glider but it was moving extremely slow and no pilot and that seemed odd to me, my trailer was 12x60ft and i was at the opposite end from the street and walked to the edge of the street to get a better look. when i reached the curb i stopped in my tracks and just stared at the object and at the same time yelled to my friend to come see. it made no sound, moved less than 2 mph hovered straight across in front of me. it had what looked like a row of lights on the front but they didn't give off light like an incondesent or flouresent, they had more like a glow, like phosphorous. the surface was black, more black than i have ever seen anything before, looking at it was like looking into nothingness, i couldnt get a focus on the surface because it seemed to absorb light. the shape or outline was very odd, not a shape ive ever seen before or since. but it was DEFINATLY BOOMERANG IN SHAPE, just AN ODD OUTLINE with a span of around 70ft. it moved from left to right(east to west), i was faceing n- nw, it was above the trees across the street from me. had i been at the top of the trees i could have reach out and touched it, it was that low. i was in awe, i couldnt take my eyes off of it, it felt like i was a deer in the headlights, never taking a step off the curb, almost frozen. after the sighting, my life has never been the same, im ok but it changed my beliefs of what is real. i lost sight of the object watching it disappear over another tree line to my left. my friend was able to come out from under the trailer and catch a glimpse before it was completely out of sight. all this took place miutes after dusk so it was still mostly daylight.
