{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-04 20:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481785","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78199","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2520,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/785/mufon-5481785.json","updb_database_id":5481785}
{dr}Witnessed two large parallel lights in the sky travel soundlessly over woods and move off to the east.

My husband and I had just arrived at my parent's house to pick up a vehicle. We were to the southwest part of the driveway and had just put up the top on our convertible. I noticed strange white lights in between some of the trees on my parents property that look to the south east. I shouted for my husband and we walked to the house to get a better look. He initially thought it might be a helicopter, but there was no sound at all. We walked closer to the cornfield behind their house and we saw two large lights moving parallel to each other, and evenly in the sky. They were blinking slowly, but not in sequence with each other or in any discernible pattern. We could not see any detail between as it was dark. It moved slowly over the southeastern sky over the woods. We went inside to get my parents. My mother and I went on the back deck and observed the lights, more small in size, hovering. My mother got my father and he joined me and my husband and mother out on the deck facing the east. We all watched as it hovered, then seemly moved further away and tilted with the right light being up high and the left being lower, then it disappeared from sight. I did notice that there was a plane flying up high with blinking lights to the northeast of where we were standing. We were all very perplexed as we had never seen anything like this. My father was in the army and we all grew up seeing different aircraft from SAFB (Scott Air Force Base). It did not have a red blinking light and it was far lower than any planes we had seen aside from crop dusters. It was also dark and we heard no sound that would indicate aircraft we're used to seeing. My husband and I left within about 2 minutes of the object's disappearance and headed east toward the town of Ashley and we observed no further sightings of the lights.
