{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-29 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460508","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100702","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5245,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/508/mufon-5460508.json","updb_database_id":5460508}
{tjd} Triangle shaped object with 3 dim lights

My sightings aren't as amazing as other reports I've read, but I wsa compelled to send them in after watching a documentary the mentioned Mufon bassed in Michigan, which was where mine took place. I also noticed that many sightings were reported years after the event, which is my case. My intent to report these was mainly to see if there might be any correlation with others in the area at about that time frame. This took place in an area surrounded by acres of sate land. 

I wrote about my sightings in a journal that I keep and am copy & pasting below... 

10/16/08
First sighting…

Last night I saw something in the skies over Highland that still baffles me.

It was about 3:00 AM. I was sitting outside the door-wall in the backyard. It was perfectly calm and quiet. I began to hear an unusual sound in the distance heading in my direction coming from the east. It sounded similar to flapping wings, but there was also some sort of vocal noise with each wing flap, which was about a second or so apart. My first thought was that it was probably a goose flying towards me. 

As it got closer, and the sound became more distinct, I began to realize that this did not sound like a goose at all. At that point I began to realize that the vocal sounds were almost mechanical, but still blended with something biological. 

Eventually the sound came within a hundred yards of me, and the sound became even more distinct. I could not take the suspense anymore as I wondered what the heck this strange sounding thing was! I stood up and walked into the back yard. 

There’s a tall tree line about 40 feet behind the house. And behind that tree line, floating just above the tree tops (about 50 feet high), I saw what appeared to be something slowly flying towards the west with what appeared to be a flashlight. It passed out of view behind some thicker trees and I listened for another 10 or 15 seconds before it faded out of hearing range. The first thought that went through my mind was, “What the hell was that? Birds don’t carry flashlights!” 

It’s the next day as I write this and I continue to try and rationalize it in my mind. But, I cannot find any explanations that make any sense. It was certainly very strange and I’m certain that it was something not of this world… or at least not that we are aware of. I just cannot imagine what it could have been! And that intermediate sound it made was like no sound I’ve ever heard. The only thing that comes close is the sound the flying car made in the original Disney movie, Flubber. It was an intermediate flubbery mechanical sound almost as if biology were blended with mechanicals. Very weird!

6/29/11           
Second sighting…

It was about 11:20 PM when I took some trash out. As I came around the corner of the garage on my way to the back yard, I just happened to glance up and noticed something odd moving through the clear dark skies. 

As I took a closer look at the odd object, I noticed it had 3 very dim lights in the shape of a triangle, and I could see that the craft itself was triangle shaped. The lights were so dim that if you weren’t looking directly at it, you probably wouldn’t even notice it. That’s when I realized the craft almost seemed to be intentionally trying to hide from view. It seemed semi-transparent, yet you could still see its outline and the 3 dim lights. 

It was hard to tell exactly how large it was, but from my perspective I guessed it to be about 50 feet from front tip to rear, and it appeared to be about 100 feet off the ground. (Just like the last sighting) It was slowly moving from east to west. But what especially intrigued me was the fact that it made absolutely no sound. It moved like a silent ship on water… but in this case, on gravity. 

If you’ve never seen anything like this, just try to imagine what you might feel. I felt in total awe with what I was witnessing in the moment. I could only assume this was extraterrestrial. My logical mind was trying to rationalize what I was witnessing. I thought maybe it was 3 white balloons that just happened to be in the shape of a triangle as they passed over, but then I realized the wind was coming from the west, which would have meant that the balloons were floating against the wind, and balloons do not float against the wind. 

I find it interesting that the previous craft I saw was flying in the same direction, at about the same height and over the exact same geographical spot as this one. I can’t help but to wonder why that might be, or if that was just a coincidence.
