{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-12-03 23:26:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288508","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114859","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3158,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/508/mufon-5288508.json","updb_database_id":5288508}
Weird orb in sky doing extremely fast maneuvers

The night of December 3th of 2020, I was coming home from work. I am a limo driver and sometimes I drive extremely late at night. When I was heading home to the (location removed to Investigators Report section/cms/LLL) I saw what was a white orb doing extremely fast maneuvers in the sky. I knew there was no way it was an airplane because planes don't do fast maneuvers nor do they emit a strong white light. I am also aware that North Scottsdale Airport was closed at the time and no planes where coming in towards that airport or Phoenix Sky Harbor airport because I checked flight aware. After I took the pictures I went home and thought nothing of it. When I got home at the (Location removed to Investigators Report Section/cms/LLL) I took my dog out for a walk. However, I felt a weird presence like I was being watched. My German Shepard started to panic and didn't want to go on a walk no more. I also noticed the wildlife got quiet. Usually I see rabbits, javelinas and so on when I am walking my dog but this time there was no signs of life. My dog wouldn't stop panicking so I went back inside and locked the door. I locked and loaded all my firearms just in case there was something out there due to my dog panicking so much. After a few minutes I started to hear load footsteps on top of my apartment. I live on the 2nd floor and have no one above me to make noise. I brought all my firearms to the living room locked and loaded because I knew those weren't human footsteps. I locked the master bedroom door as well as the door to other bedroom. I couldn't sleep and I kept hearing noise on the rooftop very loud footsteps too! My dog kept panicking and everything. I think whatever I took a picture of didn't like that I took a picture of it. Eventually I fell asleep and I woke up later in the morning. It was really odd and it's something that I can't explain. I do believe it was something in the orb that noticed I took the picture and it didn't like that. I just thought I report it because it was one of the weirdest nights of my life. Never would I have thought I would have to sleep with a bunch of loaded firearms in fear of something coming into my place and dragging me out.
