{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-05-27 21:42:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452508","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109133","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2300,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/508/mufon-5452508.json","updb_database_id":5452508}
Seemingly came out of nowhere, hovered, then took off northeast

My best friend and I were sitting on her patio having a glass of wine and visiting. The patio faces west. I tend to stare at the sky any time I am outside sitting around and about nine-thirty or so I saw a white flash in the night sky. I thought in that second that it was an airplane, as we see them often flashing steadily as they fly across the sky. However, this was only one blink. One flash as if someone in the sky turned a flashlight on and off and that was it. I stared at that spot waiting for the next blink of the airplane light, but it never came. Then the same thing happened again in a different spot maybe five or ten minutes later. I told my friend about these flashes, but she didn't see them. Then at 9:42, and I know the time because I tried to get a video but all you could see was black, we saw a red light in the sky. It seemed to appear out of nowhere. There was nothing, and then there was a red light. At first it did not move. It just hovered there like a star. Then it moved to the east at a fairly slow clip. It stopped again for just a second and then took off northeast quickly. Not lightning fast or anything, but faster than an airplane or helicopter could move. It was a steady red light, but as it took off toward the northeast it looked like flashing red and blue. We heard no sound. The video that I have of blackness is 12 seconds long and you can hear my friend ask "Jen, what is that?" and then my reply of "I don't know , I can't get it on video it's too small". Then I stopped trying to video it and we watched it fly out of view. The whole thing lasted maybe 25 seconds from beginning to out of view.
