{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-04-17 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5453508","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108117","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2579,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/508/mufon-5453508.json","updb_database_id":5453508}
{rjl} Super Bright Light In The Sky

The object in question was seen traveling from north to west to varying degrees. It was a super bright yellow orange with ever so often red light in center. It appeared diamond shape. It has been seen almost every night since April 17th. We’ve had a few storms and it was not observable during that time. This seems to be ongoing. It stays this super bright light. My husband was the first to notice it and I had him get my ipad so I could film and take pictures of it. I have better video on my iPhone but don’t know how to put that video on here except to file a second report with it because I’m on my iPad right now. Before I brought out my iPad the object was pulsing and going from very bright to very dim. It was bigger than the stars in the sky. Orion was visible from my home in the west. This object was to the north and west of the constellation it was very high in the sky and seemed close to us. Every night it is in a different degree in the sky but always seems to go from north to west. I live next to a sewer treatment plant so it is hard to say if it made its own noise. It seemed to move slowly and then stand still for about 10 min at a time then continue to move. On nights I would observe it I normally smoked 2 cigars which normally take me 2 hours to smoke a piece, their 10 inch cigars. We would see it a little after the sun went completely down. It would drop below the tree line at times then slowly rise to the same position or higher in the sky. Today is April 24th and I’m going out at 8:30pm central time to see if it shows up again. It was not in the sky before April 17th 2020. I didn’t check last night to see if it had showed up again. I’ve seen and had other encounters in my lifetime but I haven’t seen one like this before or had one where it happened for almost a week.
