{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-15 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486508","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73198","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2343,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/508/mufon-5486508.json","updb_database_id":5486508}
It literally looked like a twinkling star, just much larger

1. I was outside having a cigarette at about 1:30am approximately.
2. I was looking up at the sky and I noticed a VERY bright twinkling star (Blue and White intermittently) At an arms length it looked to be about 1/4", which is a lot larger than any star. I thought that it may have been a shooting star, but there was no tail, and it was slower than a shooting star, from where I was standing looking up, I had a field of vision of approximately 80deg to 15deg. It took the object about 2 seconds to pass my field of view, a lot slower than a shooting star and a whole lot faster that any airplane. Also there was no "tail" like a shooting star would have. It flew overhead at a bearing of about 290deg. There was no sound, no deviation in direction. I don't want to go on a rant here, although I know that it definitely was not an airplane, I have lived here long enough to know that the last plane of the night is before 10:00pm, and they approach the airport in a northerly direction. It was too bright as well to be an airplane and FAR FAR to fast, on the other hand it was FAR to slow for a meteor, and like I said there was no tail, just a bright alternating light from blue to white. For example, if you look at Orion in the late night, look at the left foot, then down and to the left at about -25deg there is a twinkling blue star. That is what this looked like exactly, just hundreds of times larger. At first when I saw it I did not think much about it until later the next day. I looked all over the internet to explain what I saw and found no pertinent answer. Upon seeing it there was no sense of panic, just wonder to what it was as it passed over my visual horizon.
