{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-25 22:56:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489820","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69786","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2740,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/820/mufon-5489820.json","updb_database_id":5489820}
{jpg} String of five lights at night that were evenly spaced and moving forward directly behind each other in a straight line.

Over southwest Austin, Texas at 10:56 PM on 8/25/2015. Was out jogging at night and saw a strange formation of lights pass over, consisting of five objects that appeared like they could be jets - some continuous dim running lights that were orange or red, with blinking white lights on some of them - yet what was odd about this was that they were strangely close to each other and traveling in a straight line path, one behind the other, evenly spaced as if they were tethered. If they were jets, they must have been about a quarter of a mile behind each other, or less. Something about this seemed abnormal. It does not seem safe or typical for military craft to maneuver in that kind of formation at night, and seemingly no commercial craft would be allowed to fly that way by the FAA. Heard low sound of a distant jet engine as the formation passed behind the tree line in the direction of Bandera. The distance between them was a little less than the size of an index finger when held out at arm's length. At first I thought it was a jet, but then realized there were several in a row and they seemed to be tethered together in two pairs, consisting of an orange and a more red light, and some of them had a blinking white light (not sure if the rhythm of the white light was typical FAA compliant); then I realized they were all evenly spaced; later the fifth one became visible. Thought I noticed the last one moving unevenly forward or bobbing but that could just be eye movement against the dark sky background. They moved straight across the sky to the southwest as a group, at about the typical speed of jets. Often I see jets at night but never in a pack like this and certainly not flying in a line. Due to the formation and its evenness there was an odd feeling about this event, such that I thought I would report it to MUFON in case it correlates with other individuals' sightings. Maybe some other observers to the southwest of Austin can track this flight further and determine if there is something more to it.
