{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-07 19:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480820","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79230","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2795,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/820/mufon-5480820.json","updb_database_id":5480820}
{cak} Standing on the Gulf Shores Pier I observed 2 unknown phenomenon.First it was 3 orbs over the city in formed a triangle Then something floated by shooting water out the back end next to the pier. Have photographs.

I was on the Gulf Shores State Park Pier on August 7th photographing the city lights and trying to freeze lightning images with my camera. I first observed a single red orange orb coming up over the city, then another and finally a third. Then I noticed they formed a triangle over the city as I gazed west. They sat there for 5 minutes and then assented back over the city horizon line. During this time I noticed the water below the pier had gotten lighter but I kept looking back at the orbs while taking several shots of this phenomenon. When I got the shots back to the hotel I looked at image 2967 and noticed that something indeed had lit up the water below the pier. It was some strange creature or object that shot water out the back end of it. The water shoots out in spurts and looks to almost defy gravity. With 3 orbs in the sky and something large shooting water out the back it was a strange photograph indeed. I did not hear it shooting the water out because I was at or near the point on the pier that the waves break under the pier. Looking at the photo it's clear this was no blow hole from a whale. So there were 2 unexplainable objects in this image.According to my EXIF data shortly after this thing swan by me going from my left to right the orbs started their assent back to the west over the city. Shortly after that I packed up my camera and tripod and went back to the hotel.I am only submitting this one image but have several images of the orbs and 5 or 6 on the object swimming by the pier.
Number of objects observed is 4. Three in the sky and one in the water.
Total number of witnesses I put at 2. A gal stopped by to see if I was getting any lightning shots and I said yes but what was more interesting were those 3 lights hovering over Gulf Shores. She looked and noticed them also. We talked a little more and she left without giving her name.
