{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510820","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47570","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2534,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/820/mufon-5510820.json","updb_database_id":5510820}
{nd} Possible communication with beings

Ive always been a skeptic of aliens and UFOs, up until two nights ago, and I feel lost and confused, thats why I am here. I would like to start off by telling you that about 3 weeks ago I saw an unidentified flying object that looked like a fireball in the sky, and since then I have felt like I am being watched. Two nights ago as I was about to go to sleep I saw something in my room through my peripheral vision. I don't remember going to sleep, but I do remember waking up in a metal room and I was lying on a metal bed and I was restrained. I struggled to turn my head and I saw many people lying in these metal beds just like mine and I focused on one in particular which I realized was my sister, it seemed that everyone was in some state of unconsciousness. At that point I realized that something was very wrong and I was conscious of the scary situation I was in. I started to panic and tried to free myself. At that point I realized that I was surrounded by short beings, they were grayish in color and seemed oblivious to the fact that I was trying to fight my way out of the restraints. Suddenly out of nowhere came a bright light and another being appeared, this one was taller and had a more oval shaped head with indentations in it and it was almost tan in color. It communicated with me telepathically and I asked it what it was doing to us and it said "We are looking at your DNA." I asked it why it was doing this to us and it replied "All humans have alien DNA, but not all humans have the same alien DNA" I asked it where they were from and it said "We come from Sirius" and it also told me that they have been coming to me for a long time. At that point it disappeared and my fear returned and I started screaming from the top of my lungs, the next thing I remember is jumping up from my bed screaming waking up everyone in the house.I havent slept for 2 nights now.....
