{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-07 19:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520820","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35595","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2622,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/820/mufon-5520820.json","updb_database_id":5520820}
Ive noticed a bright hovering object that comes many nights over my home since the 26th of Jan.2012.

On the night of Feb.7th 2012 I went outside to look at the full moon. I noticed a very bright object to the North-West that seemed to hover and flicker as if spinning. After watching for about 5 minutes all of a sudden a fire ball shot from this object. I went inside to get a camera to try to photograph this object. I had was a Sony Sure Shot 8 meg. to try to get a picture. I took several as I tried to zoom in closer to this bright light. 

To my surprise when I downloaded the pictures to my computer I was amazed to see that one of the pictures looked like some type of craft,round in shape with a bulging center,the color of the Center was green. There were clouds in the area but I was still able to get a nice photo. This object hovered as if hanging around for several hours and just disappeared. I wasnt scared as I have met several people in this field and I just wanted to document this object.

I am told that I live in a Hot Bed for anomalous activity, so I am always looking up when time permits. I am happy to report that looking up and paying attention seems to have paid off with this strange photo. I have no idea what it is,but I do know it is not a plane,remote toy,hot air balloon,etc. Hopefully someone else is paying attention in my area or better still someone can take my uploaded photo and decipher this object.

I really don't think we are alone in this world as I have witnessed many strange anomalies in my area for the past several years. Is this some type of craft,satellite? I don't have the answers,but for those who are sky watchers I hope you enjoy.

Peace and Blessings,
Starr
