{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1981-01-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488820","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70818","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2906,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/820/mufon-5488820.json","updb_database_id":5488820}
{rjl} I bright white light beam from nowhere shown down

One cold night in January of 1981,my friend Ed (name will be given to site but not full name here),and I decided to go look for wild marijuana plants SE of town.We were stone sober and looking for a high,to be honest,and invited his friend (we'll call Dave) to come along. We went to a farm area south east of La Porte,Indiana where hemp was grown during WW2.He said this land we would search pot for was a potato farm. We arrived at a side road adter 1:00 am in the dark ,star filled sky. There was about 1 or 2 inches of frozen snow on the field that had been ploughed under for Winter. We walked and stumbled across the uneven frozen ground ,crunching the snow as we walked.Dave stayed with the car. We each had a flashlight to search the ground. We came to a small rise ,a hillock of sorts,where weeds were blowing in the cold breeze, shined our flashlights around there, but found nothing. After about 10 minutes of looking we decided that winds and cold had ended the search and started walking back to the car ,and Dave. I started to run since my jean jacket wasn't keeping me warm. I suddenly bumped into something at knee height. I turned on my flashlight and there right in front of me and looking up with big eyes where two small deer. They didn't run off as we approached. The deer looked away from my face and back toward where we had just come from.I looked too. To Ed's and my amazement there was a column beam of pure white light shining down and illuminating the weeds where we had just left! The deer and us were temporarily transfixed on the sight until I heard the small deer trot away from us ,with the snow crunching under their tiny hoofs.I asked Ed,"Ed..what do you see?" he replied," One bright light beam shining down where we were!" We clicked off our flashlights and ran at full speed back to the car! It was very scary to see a light beam from nowhere and shining so brightly in a potato field of all places. The light beam was about 150 feet from us,about 80 foot in height with no visible craft or noise involved.It never wavered and was straight sided from the top to the bottom at vegetation. It will always be a mystery to me and Ed about what carried or shined that light beam down as if it was searching for us or the deer.
