{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-17 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524820","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30989","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5712,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/820/mufon-5524820.json","updb_database_id":5524820}
Multiple lights seen over Spokane on 4 different nights

On the 31st of July my boyfriend and I were outside around 10:30 at night. I saw what, at first, I thought was a shooting star. I pointed it out to him and we both watched it move across the sky and get dimmer and brighter. It seemed to be at a pretty high altitude, but hard to say with no size reference to compare it to. We continued to watch it for about 30-45 seconds until it completely faded away. Thought it was kinda odd. But then another one popped up in the sky, in a completely different spot. It didn't move in a straight pattern this time. It moved up and down left and right at a pretty steady pace. Not fast, not slow. Almost like a cruising like matter youd see an airplane travel at. Mind you there were NO flashing lights. Just ONE solid light that was white, like a star. Hence why I thought at first it was a shooting star. We watched it until it faded away as well. THEN AGAIN, a third one pops up in a completely different spot and does the same thing. Gets really bright and moves around until it fades away to nothing. We definitely thought it was strange but didn't have any explanation. The next night August 1st, around 10:30 again, I was outside and out of the corner of my eye I caught a light flash in the sky. It was exactly like what we had seen the night before. I watched it travel across the sky until it faded completely. I stayed outside to watch a little longer but didn't see any other lights. THE NEXT NIGHT August 2nd, again around 10:30, I was again, outside when THIS TIME I was looking to the sky to see if Id catch a glimpse of the lights. And to my "not so much surprise" I seen another light!! By this point my mind is blown and Im really wishing my boyfriend was out there to witness the lights with me again. I had told a couple people about it and every night I would watch the sky to see if there were any more lights. But there was nothing.

Last night (mind you this was at 10:00pm last night August 17th) my best friend and neighbor calls me and asks if I can hear the helicopter outside flying around. Apparently they were looking for someone because they had their spot light on looking in all the back yards. (This is the NW Blvd/Maple-Ash neighborhood) When I came out I looked up and seen what I thought was the helicopter. I say to my friend that I don't see its spotlight. She then directs me to the south where the helicopter was when all along I was looking at the bright light "flying" around in the northern sky. I am then VERY excited and tell her to come look at the bright light, explaining to her that its just like what I had seen earlier in the month. We watched it fly around until it faded away completely. We sat outside and started talking about how strange the light was when ANOTHER one pops up out of nowhere in the northeastern sky. Our older kids (10 and 12yrs) come outside wondering why weve been gone so long. So we start explaining to them whats up. When YET AGAIN another light pops up in the sky. My best friend goes inside to get her camera so we can try and capture some of this. Me and the boys see yet another one moving from west to east, the light got REALLY bright, stopped, then descended to what looks like, from our position, to be about the felts field/valley area. Hard to say from our viewpoint exactly. Anyways, while it descended, it started pulsating red and orange. We watched it until it slowly drop out of the sky until it was out of our view. By this point were really tripping out! (We never heard any booms though, always silent) We sat out there and continued to watch the "lights in the sky" until about 11:00. There were too many to count. Had to be DOZENS of different lights. Some individual and some in groups. Some travel in the exact same flight pattern as the one before it, some are completely random. Some blink on and off. Some are just really dim like the light youd see when a satellite moves across the sky, and some are extremely bright!

To me theyre UFOs... now that does NOT mean its aliens but it sure as hell DOES mean theyre unidentified!!! The best way I can describe them is, they look like stars at first, then they get REALLY BRIGHT, and travel across the sky in no particular pattern and fade away until you cant see them with your naked eye anymore. They do NOT fly in straight lines every time either. Some do, but others move from left to right then up and down then back to the left again. Very strange. Going out tonight to try and catch this on video.! Really hoping for clear skies tonight!!

There were many reports and A LOT of talk on our local news stations facebook pages last night, 8/17/2011 and today, 8/18/2011, about a bright light seen over the Spokane Valley that fell from the sky and a HUGE BOOM that shook people out of their homes to the streets to investigate. The light that we seen descending from the sky, pulsating orange and red is approximately the same time as the reports from the Valley. Coincidence? There is currently no explanation to what these witnesses in the valley experienced.
