{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-25 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487820","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71840","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5512,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/820/mufon-5487820.json","updb_database_id":5487820}
{rjl} At the Mufon symposium mass abduction

On September 25, 2015 I was at the Mufon symposium in Irvine California staying at the hotel where it was being held. We have just finished the banquet. A few of us were sitting in the lounge talking and enjoying a drink. I ordered a beer but only drink a couple sips of it and did not have anymore to drink that evening. The DJ who played music and a group of us started dancing. Around 11pm I went to my hotel room because I was attending a workshop early the next morning and wanted to be well rested. I went into my hotel room and the person I was sharing it with was already in bed. I fell asleep quickly. Around approximately midnight I was woken up and felt like I was floating out of the hotel room. I remembered standing outside of the hotel room on the rooftop looking back into the window at my roommate laying in bed. Inside the room with him I could see three gray aliens standing by his bed holding his leg and giving him some sort of an injection. I was pounding on the window yelling for him to wake up. I also was trying to find a way back into the hotel. When they were done working with my roommate they came back out to the rooftop where I was and then I noticed the large cigar shaped craft hovering above the hotel. I knew they were going to take me on board but I did not want to go without C coming with me. I begged for the grays to let me take C with. Because I wanted him to be there so that he would remember this happening as well I did not want this to just be my memory. I had also asked because I was afraid and wanted C to be there and help talk me through this experience. C was then removed from his hotel room as well. At least seven other people were also removed from the hotel and boarded onto the cigar shaped craft. Onboard all of us were placed in chairs which resembled Beauty salon chairs with hairdryers above them. We were all restrained in the chairs and the parts that looked like a hairdryer was placed over each one of our heads and it fit very snuggly. I was placed in a slightly separate chair from everybody else. I was also restrained but they placed more sensors on me than they had used on the others present. 
I was afraid at this point of what was going to happen and begged for C to be brought over by me and help me to relax. C was brought over to me and I could tell that he was still sleeping but they made him talk to me which helped me to relax. Then they started the procedure on all of us. It reminded me of a milking parlor but only it was a milking of the mind rather then anything sexual taking place. The machine and sensors that I was hooked up to where hooked up to the other people who had been taken. There were a couple of benefactors as well as some people higher up in Mufon. It seems like they were taking their information and copying it from the other people. When they were done with that then I was made or told to remember my experiences and what I knew and that information was downloaded to the other people. It was as if they needed to know what I knew for some reason. None of us were injured in anyway. I do remember at one point during the procedure blood samples were taken from each of us for some reason. There were approximately 20 or more alien beings on board the craft in the room with us as the procedure was being done. When all of the information had been gathered and procedures were done I was put to sleep and we were all returned to our hotel rooms. At one point on Saturday the 26th I was sitting in a seminar and had a memory flashback. I borrowed a black light from C and went up to my hotel room. My roommate was in the room watching TV and resting his leg. I asked him if he remembered anything happening last night. He told me that he slept like the dead and he felt very well rested but remembered nothing. I then looked at his left leg and noticed a red round mark about the size of a quarter. There were also what appeared to be bruises next to the mark. I then use the black light on my pajamas and my bed and various parts of the hotel room. Then he used the black light on my roommates leg and flourestd. I became slightly afraid and called C on my phone and handed it to my roommate. He told C to come up to the room. C came up to the hotel room to find out what was going on. I told him what I remembered happening then showed him my roommates leg as well as my pajamas. We then checked the hotel room with the black light and tried to photograph various parts of the hotel room as well as the Mark and bruises on my roommates leg. I began to panic and left the hotel room to go get some fresh air and clear my head. Seeing my roommates leg made the experience more real than I was ready for. I went for a long walk out by the pool then gathered myself enough to go back to the seminar and try to forget the night before as well as the mark on my roommates leg.
