{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1993-07-01 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492820","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66705","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":10205,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/820/mufon-5492820.json","updb_database_id":5492820}
{rjl} I walked with angels.

1. Sitting outside in the middle of the night in Houston Texas.
2. I just looked up and thought I saw shooting stars, but they danced and went the opposite direction.
3. Shooting Stars with a blue fire trail.
4. Many shooting stars flew fast, stopped above me for some time, their spirit spoke with me, they danced, then many more appeared and flew away in scattered formation like stars, but at identical speeds like in formation.
5. I felt like I was dead, and in the presence of the lords angels, far beyond any religion.
6. They flew away most glorious and triumphantly and with mighty power.

I have kept this story to myself due to the fact that I will obviously be ridiculed for it. I know I will and just leaving my report to spread the truth, not looking for opinions of others. My experience was ufo and spiritual, and in my claims aliens are angels. If you disagree without reasoning or this offends you than you may want to skip this one. 

I was sitting on the couch, and something was on tv that mentioned Jesus. My father told me to watch what I said, that Jesus was real. I said I was not scared of him. He said I would be. He said I would feel like an ant. He said my hair would stand up and turn white and my face would turn green. I said that this was not possible without hairspray, bleach, and paint. Well my dad never did lie to me before, and was always so logical minded. It did get me curious enough to start reading the bible a little a day for about two weeks. I could not really make much sense of any of it.
So one day I went outside and screamed to the top of my lungs "Lord if you are real, and you care at all about me, you will reveal yourself to me, I demand you to do so. Otherwise I know you are not real or do not care and I will go on with my life.

I was about 13, this was over two decades ago. I have rarely mentioned it in my life. I was with a friend, sitting outside not long after midnight. We were outside because we were a bit wild and independent kids for our age, we grew up rough. 

We were talking, and something strange happened. We would start finishing each others sentences almost at the end of them, and cut each other off and the next would start talking. After just a few back and forth comments, it lowered to saying half a sentence then knowing what the other would say. A few seconds later we would say only a few words and the other would interrupt, but we knew what each other was saying. Before we knew it, we were not even talking but still having a conversation. And when I say before we knew it I mean just that, we had no idea this was happening til a few minutes of talking. I had the thought "Are we reading each others minds?". Then I thought "naaa.", at the same time my friend was saying this. So I decided to test it, I thought of an animal and didn't say anything to see if he would know what I was thinking. This is kinda lame but whatever, I thought of a duck and he said "quack quack?" like he knew the answer but was unsure enough to just say it. The moment this happened our eyes got so wide cause we knew something had just happened. My reaction was mystified, and I was saying "Do you believe whats happening? We are going to be famous! We will get trophies and stuff". I said that because I was a child so of course I was not very wise, but we were both straight out fools for assuming we were alone. I was even foolish enough to say the next horribly wrong statement. I felt so good and superhuman, clear minded and focused and confident enough I said "Hey this world is kinda like our big toy" to my friend. Not long after I learned whos toy this world is. 

Then something happened, but we didn't realize it immediately. We kept on talking for just a few more minutes, not long. Everything kept reminding me of the bible,Idid not even believe in anything at the time, I was too young, but I have recently taken an interest and read a few pages of it. Also I kept feeling like I was dead, so much that the more time went on I was wondering more and more if I was. I kept looking behind me on the ground expecting to see my body but I never did. When I looked behind me I saw the front of my face, when I looked to the left I saw the right side of my head, when I looked to the right I saw the left side of my head, and when I looked forward I saw the back of my head. Eventually but not long after, the thought hit me "Are we dead?". Me and my friend looked at each other in shock as he heard my thoughts and believed the same. Funny, my first thought was "Our parents are going to be mad" like we could get in trouble for dying, like I said rebellious kids. Then our thoughts went on to wondering if we were in heaven or just ghosts. 

My friend looked at me and told me to go with the flow, I kept talking like "Yea dude go with the flow hu hu" and kept talking and he stopped me and said "No, just go with the flow.". His eyes and mouth shined a white bluish light and the light came from his body, it was in his soul. So I decided to let it into my soul too. I knew from that moment I was in another realm. I was looking at this world but I knew I was not in it. I knew I was with my creator, my father, my essence. I saw a huge meteor shower I guess you would call it, hundreds of shooting stars shooting across the sky. These stars were the exact same color as the light that I saw come from my friends soul. they left trails that went all the way across the sky, not like normal shooting stars, and they were a light blue. I said inside myself "Father, what is the reasoning in science these stars move?" The father said these stars do not move by science but by my hand, and by no reasoning but to show them to you. Then these shooting stars all stopped above our heads. I saw what was inside them, but not with my eye. This part sounds strange when I explain it I know. But they acknowledged me, they stood one with the Essence. They had one mind that was one with all things, and not their own. I knew I was on holy ground. The shooting stars then flew around in many directions very fast as if they were playing. Then many more appeared, an entire army of them, and they all shot off the opposite direction they came. The way they shot off was so glorious that theres no words anywhere near what I can describe.

I walked to my house. By the time I got to my door, I felt the universe entering my body from every direction, all the way from the stars. I felt like the size of an ant. I got so scared all of a sudden and the fear was so much I cant explain. I panicked so much I couldn't look at what key could get me in the house, I just shifted through them trying every one, of course it was the last. My friend sweated so much I could see a puddle on the ground. Finally we got in the house, as if we could escape it that easily. But we did, the feeling went from frightening to the most peaceful feeling I ever felt in my life. The word perfection would describe it, I remember thinking no man knows the meaning of perfection, and I never will again, but I do now. My tongue ring fell out in the back of my throat because I was laying down. My friend, still sharing one mind, jumped up and choked. I didn't jump up cause I knew what it was and was used to it. I went to the bathroom and looked in the mirror and saw my face was green and my hair was white. I layed back on the bed. Every radio answered every question I had the moment I thought it. I never realized every song was about the lord. I would ask "Why am I so nervous?" and the radio would respond "You are gentle because you are in my hands." in a song. This went on for about an hour. Then we were reading childrens picture bibles for about an hour, but the pictures were moving like movies. I think a few years later almost everyday I scanned those bibles looking for the pictures that I never could find anything related. It was speaking to us. The power was so strong the curtains and bedcurtains would wave like theres a lot of wind in the room but there was none, even the air conditioner was not on and couldn't move it like that. 

Im getting tired so Im going to start being more brief. I learned a lot of lessons, and I walked around the block, I seemed to be able to talk to a dog, and to see energy in people and some objects that they owned. If I turned on the water I could see it run through the pipes, I could just feel everything. I saw partially another realm but in this one. Like it was built on top of one another. I talked to the Essence for a night. It was sad when he left cause we were playing and having fun and he said through a song "Why cant you listen, why cant you learn?" and it all just stopped instantly. 

It was not just the Essence, the Father. But it was really a mass of beings that rode on the shooting stars. These beings are one with the Essence and can share it. They have returned again in my life two decades later. The experience was even more amazing, and instead of lasting a night, it lasted for months. Its far too amazing and powerful to even mention. Whatever you can imagine it was far more than that. Way too much for the smallest detail to be grasped by any human mind. But there is evidence of many impossible things. I know who has the evidence too, it is supposed to be a private party, but I think it might be a monitoring security company. There was a battle of light in the sky in 2007-2008 in medina county. If you think I sound nuts now, just think, I couldn't even tell you 99% of the story. Just the softest of it.
