Case No. 979 21092019

Date: September 21, 2019.

Approximate Time: 20:00 local time.

Location: Melipeuco, Araucanía Region.

Witnesses: H.E.

Images: User submitted 1 video.

Description: User reported photographing a black, rectangular object whose direction of movement, size, and distance were unknown. This occurred in the commune of Melipeuco, Cautín Province, Araucanía Region.

The user recounted that (sic): “We were with a friend outside our home,
We took a couple of photos and in one of them this object appeared with the camera,
we looked and it had already disappeared."

Along with the report, the video file IMG-20190922.jpg was entered.

The user's location was georeferenced at the coordinates 38° 51’ 11” S and 71° 41’ 40” W (Figure 1).

Figure 1

The next Figure 2 shows the reported object as it appears in the frame Img 979-1.

Figure 2. Object under study, Img 979-1
Enlarged image at 320% and digitally enhanced Figure 3.
Figure 3
The following image is included as a reference to a similar event Figure 4.
Figure 4
On 01 October 2019, an email was sent to the Mayor of Melipeuco, Mr. Eduardo.
Navarrete Fuentes, referring to a possible flight of an RPA from that
MUNICIPALITY ON THE DAY OF THE REPORT. No response at the time of closing the
case.
Independent analyses were requested from two consulting entomologists at the National Museum of Natural History, who indicated that the deformed spot on the church bell tower corresponds to the deformed image of an insect, where the central area of greatest density is the head-thorax-abdomen complex, and the surrounding areas showing less density and homogeneous geometry are wings. Although the quality of the image did not allow for a precise identification, they leaned towards it being a
It will try some kind of lepidopteran, since being a September photograph, butterflies and moths tend to fly later in the observation area.

Conclusion: According to the analysis of the testimony and the results of the forensic, geographical, and photographic studies, along with the indications of the specialized consultants consulted, it was concluded that the reported sighting corresponded to an insect in flight that crossed the framing area at high speed and very close to the camera, as well as
It can be observed in the reference image Figure 4.
