Case No. 1766 27032022

Date: February 16, 2022.

Approximate Time: 18:00 local time.

Weather: N/A.

Season: Summer.

Witnesses: D. L. P. V., 44 years old.

Description: The informant reported having photographed what she considered an
aerial anomaly at 18:00 local time, February 16, 2022, from a location described as
Huilo Huilo, Los Lagos Region.

The reported object was described as a "saucer" of silver color, with no indication
of its size. There was no indication where it appeared or where it disappeared from
sight.
Informed, but there were indeed two witnesses.

The user concluded by testifying that: "We were on a volcano on vacation and we took 3 consecutive photos, and on one of them, the second one, a saucer appeared."

Figure 1 shows the image of the reported event within a red ellipse.

FIGURE 1

It was verified that, except for the name "Mirador Las Lengas," the informant did not know the exact location. Given this and the photographed scene, the study location was taken to be a place located in the
coordinates 39° 41' 42'' South Latitude and 72° 20' 51'' West Longitude, with view
towards the Mocho-Choshuenco volcano (Figure 2).
Figure 2
The three images that supported the report were perited using
computer programs, verifying that they were not digitally altered.
By studying the content of the files, it was verified that the images were
obtained with the main camera of a Samsung cell phone model
Galaxy A02 (SM-A022M) between 19:02:34 and 19:02:39 hours of the day
Reported.

The photograph in which the reported item appears is the first in the series. The following Figure 3 shows an enlargement of the direct image (x300) and another of the application of a filter to enhance the silhouette of what was captured (x200).

From this it follows that the reported item does not have the shape or coloration indicated. Although all the other objects in the photograph are clear, this object appears blurred. As the shutter speed was 1/845 of a second, the lack of sharpness is attributable to it being very close to the
camera.
                                     Figure 3
The hypothesis was raised of being in front of a biological origin, which leaned towards one of entomological type, for which the opinion of two advisors from SEFAA, who are entomology experts, was requested.

Independently, both reported that the blurry image corresponds to the silhouette of a small insect taking flight, from or very close to the camera lens. The diffuse projections towards the left and above
They would correspond to the functional pair of wings unfolding; the swellings above and below, to the elytra. Although due to the characteristics of the image it was not possible to identify the species of the insect, it is likely that it was a beetle.

Images: The user provided three photographs, attached below:

Conclusion: According to the geographic, forensic, photographic, and entomological analyses, and based on the information provided by the expert entomologists, it is...
It concluded that the case originated from photographing an insect that flew very close to the camera. Very likely, it was a beetle that, due to its size, went unnoticed by both the photographer and the person captured in the image.

Therefore, the case was closed and classified as "Probably Explained."
