{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-10 13:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495421","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64017","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2547,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/421/mufon-5495421.json","updb_database_id":5495421}
{cak} White, cloud like crescents zooming into sun

Keep in mind I'm reporting what I saw but I don't know what that was/is. On February 10, 2015 when I was walking up the end of my driveway after getting the mail from the box, I glanced up at the beautiful, cloudless sky and a flutter grabbed my attention. Insects were flying high above me and the sunlight was shining through their wings making them look like sparkling Tinkerbells. I wanted to watch them longer but the sun was too bright. Then I realized if I stood in the shadow of the utility pole close to the end of the driveway, I could use it to block out the sun and enjoy the sight a bit longer. I stood there for about 30 seconds or so when another movement caught my eye. It was close to the sun and looked like a white crescent cloud, but it wasn't a cloud and was cupped toward the sun. It went straight into the sun and was gone. It only lasted a second or two. A few seconds later another appeared, the same shape though a tiny bit larger, moving at the same speed but from another angle and it too disappeared into the sun. Then a third appeared about 10 seconds later and was about the same size as the first. Their length was roughly about one fifth compared to the diameter of the sun. What held my attention was the fact that they were going into the sun and not away from it. I watched for about 10 minutes and saw about a dozen of these things. Have no idea what they are. They didn't look anything like the insects still fluttering several yards away from the utility pole. Went out earlier the next day, but didn't see any. I am going out again in a few minutes and have another look. Absolutely incredible to me. As of now, March 18, 2015, have not seen crescents again. Have not had a day with as clear sky as that day. Am curious to know if anyone else has ever seen this phenomena. My android phone camera couldn't overcome the brightness of the sun and couldn't capture what I saw.
