{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-11-25 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549421","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"4144","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2937,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/421/mufon-5549421.json","updb_database_id":5549421}
Dull grey round object shoots across night sky

Was sitting in my back yard looking up at the night sky hoping to see a shooting star or maybe a UFO.. hey never know i was thinking, plenty of others have. The Sky was clear with good visabilty (plenty of stars were visiable) Was staring at the sky for about 30 min when i saw a blurred (as having no definite edge)deep gray perhaps with a almost unnoticable glow, object pass beneath the handle of the lil dipper which was pointing straight down and across the sky towards Orians belt to pass below the farside of his belt. I lost site of the object at that point (near Orian) due to the color, and that there was a tree and some clouds beginning to develope. 

It moved at a very steady very smooth consistant speed that was too fast to be a plane, or a bird. It seemed to be extremely high in the sky.. with my arm stretched out i would say it was a lil bigger than my thumb nail. It passed the width of the sky ( i have a large view of the sky from my yard, arms extended approx 5 ft apart )in 2-3 seconds. There were no noticible exterior lights or noise, but again it seemed to have a luminence to it? Dont know how else to explain it.. it was not at all bright. It wasnt something that would grab your attention, it just happened to cross my line of vision, where i had already been looking for 30 min give or take, so i noticed the change in movement in the sky.

There is a satalite or a plane that had passed earlier.. it makes the same path every night. This object moved much faster, and kinda blended into the sky.. but i was still able to see it move. My feelings when i saw it Oh wow... its moving fast. What is it? Cool a UFO.. wow. 
After it disappeared i watched the sky for any further movement for about 30 min, debating over what it could have been and if i really saw it. I know it absolute certain it wasnt a plane. And I know it wasnt a bird. There was no flashing lights, and again the speed was quite impressive. I keep questioning myself, but i know what i saw. I keep thinking maybe it was an owl. but theres no way a Bird could have flown with that speed across the night sky visible from my yard. 

I kinda feel nuts now, but I know what i saw. I am not in the habit of imagining things. I am very realistic and i was alert and i am not one who drinks or takes drugs.
