{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-06-08 21:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510421","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47979","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3100,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/421/mufon-5510421.json","updb_database_id":5510421}
{cak} Observed 10+ yellowish lights 9:45pm NY 135 southbound June 8. 2013 combining, blinking out, flew in unison then disappeared

At about 9:45pm, June 8, 2013, just left Northern State pkwy entering 195 south headed to Farmingdale NY when about 1/4 mile south 

I noted numerous, yellowish lights through the left hand portion of my windshield. After about 1 minute I decided to pull of to the 

side of the highway, and pulled to within 50 feet of another car which had apparently stopped to observe the same phenomenon. I 

rolled the drivers side window down to get a clearer view of the lights. I observed numerous lighted objects seemingly moving 

slowly, sort of in a loose formation, with some lights maneuvering away and then back to the group.Some lights seemed to combine 

and then break apart later. I also watched as some seemed to blink out of view. I also noted aircraft flying above these lights, 

so the items were below these aircraft. I also saw three distinct white lights moving south, slowly, and throughout the movement, 

all of the three white lights moved in what seemed like exact proportion to each other. Later, as the lights began to fade or 

dissappera, I witnessed four white lights moving north, slowly, and again, those four lights seemed to be connected somehow, since 

they moved in perfect position to each other. None of the lights I observed blinked or flashed as would aircraft; the lights 

stayed on all the time. I had been using my cars navigation system, was low on gas, and considered turning the car off while 

watching the event. I glanced at the navigation screen and noted that I was 3.6 miles north of Hempstead ave on 135. During the 5

-10 minutes of my observation I was able to grab my Iphone and snapped a number of pictures of the lights. The yellowish color I 

referred to earlier is view able in the pictures. I am an aviation enthusiast, a licensed private pilot, and familiar with all types 

of aircraft. What I saw was not conventional aircraft, helicopters, or some type of lighted balloons or flares. I telephoned my 

wife to alert her to my delay, she called her son, and he and I had a brief conversation concerning what I was seeing. His query 

as to what it was I was witnessing is exactly what I am saying here. I don't know what it was I saw, but I do know they were not 

conventional aircraft. Of the many lights I witnessed, they all eventually dissappeared within a minute of each other.
