{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-31 03:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5493421","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66097","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6411,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/421/mufon-5493421.json","updb_database_id":5493421}
{jpg} triangle sighting concluded with knocking on windshield

5-31-2015 @~3:15am
I was at a cemetery which has a funeral home. I deliver newspapers. The funeral home is a business, they have a seven day subscription, it is my obligation to deliver a paper to them every day about 3-4am (approx.). I have a hobby and an interest in paranormal activity. I own a digital camcorder. I decided that on this night, I would drive through the cemetery and record with my video camera to then review later the footage for any clues as to paranormal activity. I drove through the darkened section of the cemetery where the grave sites were, about 6 minutes of raw video. I was the only one I know there at the time. It was a spur of the moment thing since I had previously captured EVP elsewhere and suspiciously little at the cemetery and decided to investigate for that reason as well. I also noted no other cars in parking or anywhere else save for two vehicles owned by the funeral home, a hearse and a minivan.
I first noticed the object when I had finished my routes and had arrived home. I plugged my camcorder into my computer and downloaded the video. I then watched the video and discovered that there seemed to be the presence of objects and entities in the video, aside from the spiritual orbs which I had expected to see.
It looked like a triangle UFO, and the face of an grey alien, and at another point in the video, it was a hand of some kind coming down from outside the car to knock on the windshield from outside, and the images were detailed, so it appeared that the were non-terrestrial beings and images of one or more of their craft. This looks similar to some other sightings I had personally witnessed on other previous occasions.
It appears that at first, the object seems to have landed in a darkened section of the cemetery near a large communication tower possibly used by a local cable company which is headquartered across the street.
I was unsure of the lights possibly being a building of some kind, because it was possibly 300-400 feet away. I heard what I thought were disembodied voices similar to a distinct projected whisper, as if one were making use of their diaphragm while whispering.
I made it as far as I wanted to go, to the gravesite of a relative. I then turned around and went back around to where the Grecian catacomb building was, and then slowed to a stop to readjust my 150 lumen LED flashlight to affix it to the side of the camcorder so as to have them in parallel. I happened to be pointing the camcorder in the direction of the object which is seen through the windshield. I have made every attempt to debunk this, and have failed to explain it as a reflection or refraction of any light such as an interior light or the flashlight. This was near the center of the cemetery and there are no lamps or lights in the area, only 1-2 lumen solar stakes low to the ground. I also noted silence or absence of conventional aircraft. The video also reveals possible beams of light making a similar projection to the flashlight but from a different angle than I was holding it, seeming to come from above my open sunroof, which I intentionally to view the sky.
Another major detail is the alien looking arm which is shown in the video coming down to knock on my windshield from outside and above. I did not see anyone else at the time, and the video ended abruptly when I thought I left the camera rolling to have spare to trim in edit, there were also grunting noises and possibly someone speaking outside my car but I didn't hear that either. There was an abundance of strange noises like air coming out of a canister or an low moaning uh noise.
The interesting thing is that I don't recall seeing the object in person, although it being a cemetery, having thought I wasn't truly alone anyway. I felt watched the whole time, and surprised to see the what the video revealed as I didn't recall noticing those details at the time, which is strange since you would think I would recall some strange arm knocking on my windshield when I thought I was the only one at a cemetery at about 3am, I rarely see anyone else and I always see them far off.
I also know this. I arrived at the cemetery at about 3am, and the video took all of 6 minutes to make, and then I was off and made note of the time after that a few streets away, and the time was about 3:30am.
I also don't remember being taken out of my car or leaving my car at all the entire duration of the filming of the video, so it is hard to say whether or not I was taken, only suffice to say I have missing time and the video doesn't match my recollection 100%. In other words, what my eyes may have seen, and what the camera recorded, were almost two alternate versions of the same thing.
