{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-31 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521421","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34834","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3375,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/421/mufon-5521421.json","updb_database_id":5521421}
saw an orb moving slowly then stop... it appeared to slowly pulsate red/orange.

I was on vacation (skiing) in Sugarbush VT, staying in a rental house with my friends family. It was New years eve, around 8PM, I was in the back yard operating the grill. The location overlooks the front side of the resort, It was overcast and visibility was poor (less than 2 miles) and it was precipitating (mixed conditions) lightly. 

The mountain was within view and I had just observed the test-fire for the fireworks display. Approximately 10 minutes later I had noticed a dimly lit orb slowly moving west to east, it was partly abstracted by trees. I knew it was not an airplane due to the terrain and weather conditions... Despite the direction it came from, I had assumed it was a lantern at this point and tended to the grill.  

About 30 seconds later I had turned around to see if it was still there... it was. At this point it was hovering approximately 5-800ft above spring fling road and inferno road (or what seemed to be that area from my perspective). It seemed to gain altitude briefly, then descend perhaps 10-20 ft and again hover. At this point It had my full attention.  

It was not very exciting to be honest.  It moved west slowly, then stopped again, hovered briefly and started moving east.  At this point it appeared to move away from me and slowly faded into the weather. The entire time the object was glowing orange (at timed it was fairly bright) and very slowly pulsated from the red wavelength through the yellow wavelength. No nav lights or anything indicative of conventional aircraft. 

I would estimate the size of the object to be no more then 10ft in diameter. 

During the event, the object was partly obstructed by trees, as it became obscured I had to move my position slightly to regain visual. I did this little dance till it faded into the weather. 

To give you an idea of the visibility that night... if you look at Google maps, the address was between 163 and 331 sugarbush village rd (not sure, but I can point out the house). From my location I could just barely see the highest point of inferno road that was possible from where I was standing... anything further was clouds/fog, cloud density was varying so visibility was not equal in all directions (typical weather in mountainous terrain)If I was flying, I would be flying IFR. 

No witnesses. I didn't even tell my friends.

I have seen a UFO before (when I was a kid) but this was absolutely nothing like that event. 

Best regards,

{name moved to fi box} cms 01/14/12 00:00 cst flg

PS: You guys are doing a great service and I would like to thank you for all of your hard work.
