{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-13 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492421","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67116","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2913,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/421/mufon-5492421.json","updb_database_id":5492421}
{rjl} my son and i witnessed several objects some planes some triangle shape the largest triangle emitted a large bright orange ball of light towards its tip for bout 5 to 10 sec as the light retracted it was no longer a triangle shape but now a plane

A few weeks before this incident, my wife and i were riding around it was about 8:30 pm.(not quite all the way dark yet) I was driving and i noticed a bright light in the sky and was thinking its too light out to be a star. My wife fussed at me bout not paying attention to the road when i showed her what i was looking at, she started to say it was a radio tower light when the object appeared to drop two objects out of it. the objects circled around the larger object then took off in different directions. within a few moments one of the objects flew directly overhead. i couldn't make out all the details of it but the lights were white and flickering like a strobe light. I told my son when we got back home and he didn't believe me. 

A couple weeks later, i returned home from work around 8pm. i saw the object again around in the same place. i told my son, and we both went outside to watch after bout 20 minutes the object just disappeared. we watched for a lil while longer and as we were geting ready to go inside we witnessed a lot of planes and other objects in the sky. some seemed to be normal planes with normal light coloring. then we started seeing objects that look like planes but had orange and green colored lights and made no sound. after awhile of watching these we started seeing triangle shaped objects. then we seen one that seemed to be traveling a lot lower and slower then the others. i ran inside to get my binoculars. when i looked through i could clearly see three lights on the tips of the triangle. as we watched, there was a large bright orange ball of light that emitted from the front of the triangle that appeared to engulf the front half of the triangle as the light retracted the triangle changed shape into that of a plane. i looked through the binoculars again and now can clearly see that it had wings like a plane with the lights in normal position for a plane but were still orange and green. i was completely amazed it was like something seen in the movies. it flew off to the south and there wasn't any activities in sky.
