{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-04-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503421","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55522","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2642,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/421/mufon-5503421.json","updb_database_id":5503421}
{cak} Gigantic black triangular shaped craft with superstructure above.

I was home in Vance, Alabama and noticed a beautiful orange colored cloud to the east me. It was approximately 30 minutes before sundown. The cloud was such a lovely color that I had actually thought of taking my camcorder out on the back deck to film it for a bit, but decided at the last moment not to do so. After only about 5 seconds after I walked out onto the back deck and looking toward the east at the cloud, a very large black triangular shaped craft suddenly materialized over the cloud and became observable first from the front and then along to the back. It made a complete 90 degree turn instantaneously to the south and just after doing so it dematerialized again from the front to the back. The turn it made was without slowing down at all and it was such a fast turn that the front of the craft was pointed east and then in an instant it was pointed south. The craft was not flat underneath, but rather came down a bit to what I would call a ridge along the entire craft from front to back along the center of the underside. I witnessed a large amount of what I would call superstructure on the top leading up from the sides and appeared to me to be something like large multiple floors for lack of a better word. The rear of the craft was basically flat and I saw that after it turned southward. There was absolutely no noise coming from the craft and it did not disturb the cloud whatsoever even though it appeared to be right above the cloud. I could hardly believe what I had just witnessed and wished so strongly that I had taken the camcorder out with me as I first had thought to do. The biggest thought to hit my mind other than surprise was the shear size of this craft. If I had to estimate the size I would say that it was at least 2500' from side to side and possibly 5000' from front to back. I've never shared this sighting with anyone but my wife and family in all these years, however I feel that it might be important to report what I saw. Thank you.
