{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469421","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"91106","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2849,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/421/mufon-5469421.json","updb_database_id":5469421}
{td}aircraft sighting earlier in day come dark lights gray 3 ft being took me away brought me back early morning both my sister and i wondered where i was all night as she was in the same bed we were awake and covered our head in fear of what happening

a beautiful sunny day in Oklahoma as 4 of us siblings stood outside in the driveway enjoying the weather and each others company, we notice a grayish silver disk shape object in the sky small yet big enough to barely see it had windows all around the edge. we thought it was a strange object we had never seen before. The strangest thing about the object was every time I would jump from one side to the other goofing off as young people sometimes do the object would do the same in the sky. Awkward enough, we felt we were being watched so we went in our house. Forgetting about the incident we went to bed that evening just at dark and my sister and I slept in the same bed in the front bedroom. We were talking when we suddenly heard horse hoofs running really fast and loud and stopped right at our bedroom windows and bright lights going around and around flashing through our heavy curtains. We were so scared we covered our head up with our blanket and next thing i know some one was whispering my first name over and over until i peaked out from under my blanket and saw a gray flaky skin male with big grayish black eyes barely taller then my bed at least 3 to 4 ft tall saying my first name through telepathy sounded like a boys voice his head was big like an egg shape pin holes for a nose and mouth and no ears and no genitals or anything. I dont know where he took me, it seems like I saw some others but I dont know cant remember right now but I wish I could: early the next morning my sister asked me where was I all night but I was in a daze and I still not sure so we went on to school that morning while walking to school bus stop the army men was picking up purple bone throwing them in army truck and men in black suits and big fancy black car starred and frowned at me until I stopped watching them. I was in High School at the time so i put my head down and went to school. Anyhow i have never been the same and I want to be hypnotized to find out what happened to me.............
