{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-14 12:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508421","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50068","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2665,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/421/mufon-5508421.json","updb_database_id":5508421}
sphere transforms into a flat transparent sheet efected me in some weird emotional way.

I was working in Douglas county Parker.. pouring concrete I drive a concrete truck. I was pouring into wheel barrels so I was outside the truck at the controls . there was I believe five other people that were there hauling the wheelbarrels to the pour sight. there were two airplanes small passenger plans flying by low I recognized what I thought was an balloon floating seemingly between the two airplanes and then it stopped. it was then that I realized it wasnt a balloon.. it seemed to be about six feet in diameter chrome spherical it began to emit strange white light from inside it. sort of looked like a star I grabbed my binoculars out of my bag for a better look . it was so strange it had a shimmering shell semi translucent and inside was a brilliant white light. behind the thing was a white spiral that looked like a vapor trail but was a perfect spiral. it began to spitout sparks white like when you grind a piece of titanium on a grinder..I kept watching I realized that what I was seeing was completely different from what they were seeing as without the binoculars it looked like a star.then I began to feel strange. I felt like something was about to happen I couldnt tell if it was a good somthing or a bad somthing.and all of a sudden it began to transform. it opend.. and unfolded my best example would be a slow motion camera recording a popcorn kernel when being microwaved .It then proceded to flatten out into a rectangular sheet transparent..and flew toward my truck and circled me and my truck once at that point it was much closer and lower it was a transparent sheet I seen the sun through it it was broad daylight around noon. I tryed to convince myself it was a piece of construction plastic but I know somehow it was communicating with me at some level I just cant pin point what was happening in my mind..extremely hard to describe but I felt like it was alive..not a ship..an angel a ufo ..I don't know..I do know it was real but also impossible...thank you.
