{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-01-15 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478421","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81711","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3562,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/421/mufon-5478421.json","updb_database_id":5478421}
{jpg} Husband first niticed lights when walking dog. They hovered overhouse in a teardrop shape, then rose up, flattened out somewhat and starte d going in SW direction, then back and then Northern direction. Very cloudy and cold that night.

I was inside of the house cooking dinner. My husband had taken the dog for a walk. When he returned he mentioned that there were some really strange lights outside and continued out to the lanai. I guess I did not pay much attention to that but when I joined him on the lanai, I couldn't believe it. There were four teardrop shapes of light hovering very close to the house. I ran next door to the neighbor and she came out to see it. They seemed very large, but then rose up and sort of flattened out. Then the started to go in a circle. Every few seconds they seemed to touch and go back out into the circle. As they were traveling in a circle, they also flew in a straight line to the southwest. Then they traveled back to us, and then proceeded to the north.

Feelings and reactions - My husband made a remark that they were either angels or aliens. Later he wondered if something much bigger was above them My neighbor was intrigued. Her husband kept saying it had to be advertising lights (would cost millions to reproduce this with lights if that is possible). He did not want to watch. I could not sleep well for the next couple of weeks trying to make sense of it. 

I should mention that we live in a brand new neighborhood and many of the people here are older. The weather was cold,cloudy,and rainy all day. It was also dark. No one else in our neighborhood was outside. That is why I ran to the neighbor so someone could watch what we were seeing. I wish I would have taken a video when they were above us and much closer to us, but I wasn't thinking that fast. I realize the video I am sending is not very clear at all. It was taken with my phone and transferred to this computer. But, if you look closely, you will see these objects touch and go out in the circle. They were much farther away from us when I took it.

I wanted to post this when it happened, but was hesitant. I was afraid of losing the video(the phone I took it with fell in water). I am 61 years old and a fairly intelligent person.  This was the second time I witnessed what I consider to be a UFO. We were traveling to Florida and just crossed the state line. Out of the corner of my eye I saw a huge object with a distinctive shape made of orange light that filled the object but did not emit light. It came from the left, came in front and above our vehicle, made a 90 degree turn and went at an angle up and gone. Whole thing happened in seconds. My husband and I both turned and said "What the hell was that?!?" at the same time.
