{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-08-18 00:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462892","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98070","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2989,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/892/mufon-5462892.json","updb_database_id":5462892}
Glowing sphere appeared in the night sky, hovered for 20 secs, then 7 smaller spheres ejected and hovered nearby, then they all disappeared instantly, following a specific trajectory.

It was a clear, summer night in Sudbury, August 18, 2018.
It was around 12:30 AM.

I had left a friend's house at was riding a bicycle.

I was heading East on Auger Street. There was no traffic on the road and the neighborhood was very quiet.

I was riding in the middle of the road, and looking up at the wonderful starry sky. I was looking toward the north-east part of the sky. 

As I was looking up, I seen a glowing sphere appear out of nowhere.

It appeared about 30 degrees above the horizon line, and was directly facing me.

It was perfectly round. At my distance from the object, I couldn't tell if it was a sphere or a flat disc. I assume it was a sphere like craft.

It glowed quite bright with a red-orange color. It didn't really pulsate, but it didn't stay completely constant either. It had slight fluctuations, like dimming and brightening...a slight twinkling effect.

Approximately 20-25 seconds lapsed after it appeared.
At that point, 7 other crafts exited, or ejected from the original orb. 

This happened instantly. In one second, they exited and traveled to another part of the sky, and stopped instantly. They stayed somewhat in the vicinity of the primary craft.
In my estimation from my ground perspective...Maybe 100 kilometers apart. They moved to my left, with a northerly trajectory.
Again, from my perspective, maybe 35-40 degrees.

The smaller craft all stayed in close proximity to each other, but in no particular formation. They hovered somewhat still for about 20 seconds.
At that point, all the ships flew off instantly, to the exact way-point. I also noticed they seemed to travel along a curved flight path or trajectory, as if bending space.

After they disappeared, I didn't see nothing afterward.
I stayed there for about another 10-15 minutes, and went on my way.

Of course it was exhilaration.
I've always believed we are not alone in this cosmic domain.

Witnessing that event reinforced my beliefs, and satisfied my opinions relating to how man can travel far in an instant.
The key has always been hidden in the conquest of using space itself as our vehicle. This is what will give mankind the capabilities for true space exploration.
