{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-23 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459892","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101558","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2612,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/892/mufon-5459892.json","updb_database_id":5459892}
{tjd} At first looked like 2 airplanes until a maneuver physically impossible to perform by current-day aircraft was observed.

Late at night with friends in an amphitheater facing east, I was watching the sky while we waited for others to join us. The rest were chatting, I was stargazing. I saw what I assumed to be two airplanes flying a standard height, in a very loose (widely separated) but consistent pattern. They were flying a straight line, north to south. I observed them as I was facing East. They had lights flashing on wings similar to any human aircraft has at night. After approximately 7 seconds of watching them, they seemed to suddenly descend as they flew and the distance between them decreased dramatically. I could only be confused for a moment, because once the distance between them seemed to be less than a football field’s length, the further from me of the two crafts pivoted around the other one, whose forward motion halted. They then flew back in the direction they’d come from, in an ascending path. I could only guess this was so by the fact that the lights grew very faint. They seemed to cover the distance I’d watched them fly for the first seven second in less than 1. The most unforgettable aspect of this sighting was the trail the craft(s) left as they flew faster than I’ve ever seen anything fly before. It was as though a meteor had grazed our atmosphere, but it started from their location and ascended into the atmosphere. I gasped and immediately asked if anyone else had seen it, but none of my friends did. For reference, I study engineering, my dad was a pilot, I’ve watched a rocket launch. I know what the physical bounds on existing aircraft are. I have no explanation for what I saw. I had nothing in my system, I was completely sober, there is absolutely nothing leaving any doubt in my mind that what I saw can not be explained by my own senses or by humans. I know it’s been nearly 3 years since this happened, but I will never forget it for as long as I live.
