{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-24 15:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489892","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69712","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3689,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/892/mufon-5489892.json","updb_database_id":5489892}
{jpg} Crescent shape translucent craft moving horizontally across ridge top slowly then stoping when we did and descending behind ridge.

My daughter (36) myself (54) and a friend ,male (41) went to my property to camp over a four day weekend starting on Thur July 23,2015 with two other people both males for a total of five of us. On Fri the 24th it was very hot 98-100 F we had planed a hike in a near by canyon(10-15mil away by dirt road( UTV/moto-bike travel ) but do to the heat only 3 of us decided to go on the hike.

My daughter and I drove in our UTV and the friend, road his off road moto bike, we lead he followed all the way there about a 1/4 mil. behind us do to road dust,

We hiked till 3pm and headed back to camp, 3-4 miles into heading back the friend passed us and went ahead, 
as we were moving along at around 20-25 MPH my daughter said STOP DAD STOP STOP, I stop in just a few seconds as she said.. what is that what is that! I leaned back in my set looking over her back looking up at the ridge top and at first I didn't see anything but then as I leaned back further and looked forward.. there it was,

It was a crescent shaped craft hovering just above the ridge,it was translucent white and curved down to a sharp point on both ends, it hovered for about 10 seconds then started to descend down behind the ridge, as it did it started to glow very brightly in a orangish earth tone color, there were pine trees spaced out right on the ridge top and it was at lest 6-8 trees wide (guessing 150-200 feet wide)
it went down behind the ridge out of sight..as we sat there looking to see if it would come back up my daughter said it was moving along the ridge top slowly in the same direction we were traveling and when we stopped... it stopped its forward motion and just hovered, that is at the point I saw it,(when it was just hovering) we stayed there for 10-15 min and didn't see it come back up so we moved on, 
as we went up the road we saw our friend on his moto bike waiting on the side of road for us to catch up, he said what took so long? and we told him what happened, later he did confirmed he did sit there for 10-15 min waiting for us.

Back at camp my daughter was very upset and did not talk much for over the next 4hr. the area this happened in dose not get many riders/visitors, we did not see any one else that whole day going to the hike or on our way back. The canyon we were in has high canyon wall on both sides of the road, this is an area I know very well and don't need maps to get around

Shortly after we got back to camp one of the other men there split us up and had us draw what we saw, the pictures we drew that day are in this report.
