{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-04-19 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483892","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75956","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2811,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/892/mufon-5483892.json","updb_database_id":5483892}
{rjl} UFO Phenominon with a weird cloud formation afterwards

Yesterday, April 19, 2016 at approximately 7pm, I witnessed a bright and shinning chrome object descend into a weird cloud formation about 4 times right before it completely vanished. Each time it started from the same higher elevation and then descended downward right. At first glance it seemed just triangular. However, further focusing made me realize the shape was triangular on top and circular on botton. The encounter itself lasted about 30-45 minutes. After it ended I began to divert my attention elsewhere When I realized that the formation of the clouds were astonishing as well. The cloud formation at the time had me puzzled. Unfortunately i had no camera so i drew it out. There were two clouds that had me trying to connect the dots. The first was a simple outline of a Bird sitting. Maybe a dove? The shape was perfect. The second was even more puzzling. It seemed to be the shape of an arrow with a flame shaped base or the shape of a modern day rocketship. As an amateur stargazer, I am always gazing up Night or day as the sky has a story to tell. It is also known that the planet Neburu (the apprrent planet that will be Earth's fate) that is behind the Sun should Now be visible as of 4/17/2016. Is it coincidence that I encounter this phenomenon the day after? is it also related to the orange light that faded and the white light that faded in the Night sky both about a week ago? This was both astonishing and intriguing to me. My Thesis: I believe all are related and it is a message that the beginning of whatever is coming (good or bad) has started or it has already begun for some time now. Whatever the answer, the beauty of the universe (Night or Day) will always catch my eye and take my breath away. As most will become frightended, I will remain the "intrigued stargazer" continually searching for answers and I look forward to what lies ahead. If anyone saw what I did, any explainations?
