{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1967-06-10 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492892","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66630","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2866,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/892/mufon-5492892.json","updb_database_id":5492892}
{cak} June 1967 sighting near Sacramento California

I was almost 13. It was around June 10 or 11, 1967. My family was moving to Germany in a few days so everything was packed up including the curtains on the windows. We were living on the edge of base housing near an Air Force base in the Sacramento, California area. Behind our house was a chain link fence. On the other side of the fence there was a vast amount of scrub acreage. There were very few trees. I had explored this area and found no buildings or roads of any kind. This area was not near the base. The base could not be seen from this area.

I had a bedroom to myself. I was asleep and was woke up by a very bright pulsating white light shining in the window. I looked at my alarm clock because I thought it was time to get up but it was exactly 2:00 am. I got up, crouched down and looked out the window. I was terrified by what I saw but felt compelled to watch.

What I saw was very close, and very large. It was a disk shaped saucer with a dome on top. The craft was dull white or light gray in color. There was no noise at all. The pulsating light was coming from the dome and from lights around the edge of the saucer. The saucer was rotating. 

What made this unlike anything I have heard of was that it was hovering in a vertical position and from my vantage point I was looking at the edge and not the face of the craft. Very, very slowly it began to assume an horizontal position. It was at this time that I left my bedroom and got my younger brother (he was 11). When we returned to my window (1-2 minutes) the craft was completely horizontal and very quickly began a zigzag upward movement. First it quickly moved right at about a 45 degree angle and hovered for a second, then it quickly moved left at about a 45 degree angle and hovered for another second. Last it quickly moved slightly to the right at about an 80 degree angle and disappeared into space (There were no clouds). The craft did not have to accelerate but instantly seemed to reach maximum speed. 
My brother who witnessed this event is an aeronautical engineer and an airline pilot for a major airline. He was also an f-16 pilot. To this day he tells me that there is nothing man made that can move the way this craft did.
