{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-14 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510892","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47494","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2543,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/892/mufon-5510892.json","updb_database_id":5510892}
(GS) Cigar shape

I was watching a television show from the UK called Doc Martin. They have an episode that clearly shows in the back sky behind the actor three different UFOs. One shoots from left to right behind the actor and the next time the camera pans back to him is where the best shot is captured. I don't believe that no one has said anything about this. I tried to find the episode. I will find it because I just saw it tonight and have a DVR. Wouldn’t record the show because it was already over. I could rewind the episode and look at the objects repeatedly. It is very clear this is something flying very fast in the sky while they had filmed the episode. I can give you some information about the episode so you might find it before I can track it down. 

Doc Martin "in the episode" fires his secretary, not the first one in the beginning of the series but after he and his wife have their baby. So, he fires his secretary after she had taken some pills from her grandfather that made her crazy. They were pills he got in the second world war. His secretary calls him because her grandfather is having a heart attack because he had been taking the same pills. I think he said they were amphetamines. So, when Doc Martin is speaking with him "her grandfather" laying on his back outside on the grass the camera angle is showing back up to the doctor like the patient is viewing him. As soon as they show his face the object appears from behind his head and goes to the right. The camera pans back to the patient and then back to the doctor. This is when you see the better shot. An object goes from the upper right side of the screen and then behind his head and then comes out from behind his head and off to the lower left of the screen. It is obvious, and I am stunned this hasn’t been seen by others. 

If or when you see this footage that is available to everyone, contact me and let me know what you think. Thank you for your time.
