{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-03-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469959","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90548","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2574,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/959/mufon-5469959.json","updb_database_id":5469959}
{jpg} Felt a powerful energy, saw a light, witnessed it move south over a second stationary light.

I had just settled in, alone at home, when I had the urge to do a quick sweep. I got up, went into my kitchen and immediately was overcome by a powerful, inexplicable energy in the room. I remember saying out loud, 1something feels magical here1, in such a way as to mean that maybe the air was particularly crisp or something, so I pulled the curtain back and went to take a breath of fresh air. When I looked up, I noticed a large, bright goldish light that appeared to be glistening brightly. Immediately, of course, my brain went to 1it1s a meteor, I1m about to die1 mode, so I rushed into my room and grabbed my binoculars. I tried looking at it, but it was so bright that I really couldn1t make sense of it. I thought it might be helpful to take a photo, so I rushed to get my phone. When I came back, the spot was now much more dim than before, but still bright, and after a few seconds, it began moving south in a straight line over what appeared to be a second, hovering light in the sky that I had not noticed before. I was pretty terrified at this point, not gonna lie. I think I may have looked down to try and get a video, but when I looked out the window again, the first light was gone and it seemed the second, lower one was now heading furher west, away from me. It1s been about an hour since I saw, whatever I saw, and I1ve been feeling really *off*. My head is pounding, and something isn1t setting right in my gut. I1m also hearing some peculiar beeps and hums that seem to be coming from nowhere, but I would sooner blame the paranoia and stress of the situation on that aspect. I want to add in here that I1ve never seen anything like this before, although I am an avid purveyor of extra-normal phenomena. I would be really interested to know if anyone else reported something strange in this area, or if anyone has a reasonable explaination for what I experienced.
