{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-20 17:17:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5290959","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112379","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3414,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/959/mufon-5290959.json","updb_database_id":5290959}
Pulsating, glowing, spinning sphere and fast flying elongated shape

I was outside spray painting something and, like I usually do, I scanned the sky because I have seen questionable things in the past. I saw what appeared to be a star that looked like it was moving a bit and fading in and out. When I started to video it in my phone, I zoomed in a bit and confirmed that it was moving, pulsating and it looked like it was spinning in place. Then I saw a second one in the vicinity that was doing the same thing. After a few minutes, I saw a plane coming from the same direction and it flew overhead. At that point, I lost sight of the glowing spheres. My boyfriend was about 12 miles away picking up his son from daycare and, saw/recorded the same 2 objects 15 minutes later. He pointed a bright flashlight at one and it moved faster and more deliberately so that it was more overhead. At that point, he got in the car and drove home. When we later watched my 2 videos, my boyfriend thought he saw something shoot across the screen in both. I upped the brightness/contrast in the videos a bit to see better and we watched in slow motion. In one video, you can see the glowing object fade out and then an elongated shape similar to a Christmas tree shot up diagonally across the screen. It was insanely fast and seemed to leave a trail or maybe a blur of the object itself because it was moving so fast. Once the object was off screen, a larger, pale blue orb appeared and I stopped recording. I didn’t see the shooting object or the blue orb until I watched the video. In the second video, at about 20 seconds in, we saw something swoop across the screen, again very quickly. This object had a less discernible shape but moved just as quickly and appeared to be much closer to me than anything else I got on video. I also noticed that I had no problem capturing these glowing objects on camera but even Mars and a few of the brightest stars in the sky, even when zoomed in, would not show up in a video or on my screen. I should also note that on any given evening, we see one, maybe two planes. That evening we saw about 6 planes, a helicopter and a military jet which seemed odd to us. 

I have 2 videos to upload. I will upload both as i shot them and after I adjusted the brightness contrast
