{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-20 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459959","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"101473","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":11437,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/959/mufon-5459959.json","updb_database_id":5459959}
It was the TR-3B. I seen it at least 4 times relatively close and a few times in the sky as high as a plane. Always at night.

Before I tell my story, i would like to point out that there was actually 5 witnesses. I did not include them in the form as I would like to keep them somewhat anonymous for now. It was October 2010, I was 16, sitting on my bed practicing guitar between 9-10pm and as I looked out my window I seen a bright light coming towards the house. I lived in a bungalow at the time and the area I lived in was way out in the country side so it was incredibly dark outside and the light was very easy to see. At first glance, I thought it was just a plane, but as it got closer, it was as though the lights grew wider (Due to its triangular shape) and all I could think was "Wait a minute... Planes can't fly sideways..". As I began to realise how quite unusual this looked, I went into the living room where 2 of my brothers sat watching TV. One is older than me by 1 & 1/2 years and the other is younger than me by 4 years. I told them to come look outside as there was something strange in the sky. As we went outside, it was getting closer. As it got closer, I realised that the light wasn't a wide light, it was actually three lights, one on its tip and two at the back. From far away it would give the illusion of one complete, wide light. It came up along the field in front on my house at a speed best described as jogging speed. Eventually it was right above our heads and I could now see a fourth light, right in the centre of the triangle only this one was bigger than the 3 corner lights and it was pulsing. As I said, my house at the time was a bungalow, but if I was standing on my roof, I could imagine almost being able to touch it with a long pole, like a swimming pool cleaning net, just to give an idea of how low it was. I it made a faint pulsating humming noise, which gave me more of an understanding of how close it was. Unfortunately, my older brother was the only one with a phone at the time, and it was an old phone with no camera. We where to much in awe to consider trying to get footage somehow anyway. As we watched it pass over us, continue straight over into the fields behind my house and slowly disappear as it got further away, me and my brothers started questioning. "What the hell was that!?". My older brother was sceptical, saying it was probably just a new model of airplane. I went straight for the "That was a UFO, no way there are planes like that and even if there was, why would they be flying around out here?". We went back inside not knowing what to think. I drew a rough sketch when I went inside. Not that hard, it's just a triangle with 3 small circles and a big one in the middle. I told the rest of my family later but they dismissed it and and we forgot about it, for a few weeks....
I have 3 brothers, 2 of which who where with me that night and 1 sister. My oldest brother, who was absent that night, came over with his girlfriend for a few days while our mother was away. All of my brothers are artists/animators since I can remember. When my oldest brother came over, let's call him Anto for now, he brought a laptop with an internet stick with him. We sat up watching the usual funny videos on YouTube all night until Anto, being quite artistic and interested in animation, decided "Hey, let's look up some UFO videos! I bet there's loads of stupid CGI videos people have made." Or something along those lines.. Anyway, we thought nothing of, it would a good laugh watching people's sorry excuses for trying to prank people into believing UFO's. We where so wrong. With one push of the enter key, all that came up was the black triangle. The very same black triangle that flew over our heads. Me and my 2 brothers went white, my eyes teared up, my little bro ran out of the room crying, my older sceptical brother looked more terrified than I had ever seen him. Anto looked at the three of us with a smile that quickly changed into a look of worry. I kept shouting and pointing "That's what we saw! Thats Exactly what we saw!". We where all shaking. Anto is the oldest out of us, he knows when we're joking, and he knows when we're serious, and we where being deadly serious. It was official, we got all the evidence we needed to now realise that what we saw was unknown, and people all over the world have also reported seeing them. Some people called it "Astra", "Project Aurora", but first name I seen it be called was "TR-3B" which I came to stick with. I also ran into my bedroom and grabbed the sketch of it I had drawn to further prove that I wasn't going crazy.
After that night, I became obsessed and my younger brother kept having nightmares for quite a while but eventually he was ok. 
Some time had passed, eventually it came back about a week or 2 later after now realising what it was. It followed the exact same path as last time and was at the same height. Anto then came to sees us again few days after that only this time he was more sincere in believing we had seen it than he was before. He then told us that him and his girlfriend had seen it too. Anto lived about 5 miles away in Kilkee Village. He and his girlfriend had decided to go for a midnight walk which they had done regularly. As they where walking, Anto's girlfriend pointed and sarcastically laughed and said "Look, the TR-3B", thinking it was just an airplane at first, but as they looked a fraction longer she then shouted "Oh my god, the TR-3B!". He described it to me that they had seen it just hovering there above the local church, and as soon as she shouted, it was like the craft was aware that it had been noticed, and began to take off at some speed back towards the dark country away from the village lights. They both tried to chase it for a short while but flew over a dead end for them to run through. He described it that when they where chasing it, it made a few turns but he described it like it's centre point was it's centre of gravity, like the way dinner plates spin on sticks in the circus, only a lot slower and fluid. As they got to the dead end, it took off faster than anything they thought was possible. They had now become obsessed too. 
We became so obsessed that every night we would check the skies, the more we looked for it, the more we kept seeing it. Mostly far away at plane height but still easily distinguishable. The third time I seen it, was the closest and weirdest time. I decided to stay at Anto's house in the village with my other older brother. We planned to go out at night and look for it. We brought binoculars, a torch and Anto's camera. We set out at midnight. It was a quiet, calm night. We took a lap of the village, seeing nothing at first and then stopped where Anto had first seen it and pointed out where he had seen it in finer detail. In between the local church and the white holiday homes beside it. We then turned around to see it hovering way out by the cliffs out past the Kilkee Golf Course. As soon as we seen it we ran as fast as we could out to the cliffs. When we got there, it was gone. We were sad at first, until we looked back down onto the town and seen it hovering over the church where we had just run from. So, we ran back down to the village, only to find it was gone again. We looked back and there it was hovering at the cliffs again. So we ran back up. It was back down at the church again. We ran back and fourth about 3 times, losing our breath. It was like it was playing with us. This time, when we got half way, we stopped at the top of the hill by a small holiday cul de sac. We thought to ourselves, it's pointless running back and fourth. 2 people stay down by the church while the other 2 go up to the cliffs and see what it does then. Before we even came to an agreement of which of us go where, the street lamp behind us began to flicker. As we turned around, it was there. It had appeared out of nowhere directly behind us at street lamp height. It was at an angle, it's nose pointing to the the sky by about 45 degrees and two back points pointing to the ground it's middle light looking at us. It was so close and happened so fast that we panicked and ran. Like seeing a spider, they're ok from a distance but when they sneak up on you and get close, you're gonna jump away from it. We ran all the way back down to the village. Don't know if it was just the initial fright of it being so close or if we thought it was going to take us, either way, it frightened the he'll out of us. When we got back to the bottom of the village we looked around but this time it was nowhere to be seen. We looked at each other with disgust. Disgusted that we weren't braver. But to be fair, it was quite unexpected and we didn't even have time to turn the camera on. After that night I hadn't seen it for ages. Few bright lights zig zagging through the night sky here and there, and a few very distant sightings of it, but never close enough to capture it on tape. 
Months later, Anto moved out of Kilkee Village and into Kilrush Village which is 20-30 minutes from Kilkee. I went to stay with him one night. It was the last time I seen it. Myself, Anto and his girlfriend were watching a movie in his living room. When the movie ended, we turned off the TV and sat in silence for a bit, only to hear a familiar hum. I looked out the window and there it was, like the first time, moving slowly in one direction. We went outside to look at it. We followed it out of the estate and across the road where the secondary school is. We stopped at the wall and just watched it go. This time we just let it be. I've never seen it since. 
Those events changed my life forever. I still look out for it almost every night. When I got older, I got a simplified version of the sketch that i drew after my first sighting tattooed on my arm. As I already explained, I unfortunately never captured it on camera, but i will show you my tattoo, its all I have to myself that I'm not crazy. I don't tell everybody what it means but if anybody ever asks, I tell them the truth and to my surprise, a lot of people are very compassionate and understanding. I'm a lot older, wiser and independant now. I plan to go back out to Kilkee on my own someday for a few nights in search of it again. If it gets close, I won't run. I've learnt a lot more about aliens since I was 16. I'm now 25. I hope to use techniques taught by Steve Greer to make contact. My name is Lucás O' Neill. I used to live in Kilkee, Co. Clare, the West coast of Ireland. I now live in Limerick City. I am not afraid to tell my story of my experiences seeing the TR-3B. Thank you to however takes the time to read it. ✌
