{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-01-13 20:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455959","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105643","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2865,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/959/mufon-5455959.json","updb_database_id":5455959}
OBJET FLEW OVERHEAD WHILE LOOKING TRIANGULAR BUT ALMOST LOOKED PIXLATED WITH ALL COLOUR LIGHTS BLINKING, THEN FLEW OVERHEAD SHOT 2 BEAMS THEN DISAPEAR

i would like to point out that this object has been seen several times especially within the past 6 months. on one occasion flew overhead , was followed by a blacked out chopper and the chopper was so close it rumbled the house. i was 
outside BBQing when it flew overhead, turned around near the curling club before the chopper could come overhead in the opposite direction it was gone. my hubby served in Kandahar and knows chopper very well and never even in training they never come that dangerously close to powerlines. especially in a civilian area. now i am aware the airport is nearby however the plains only circle on bad weather otherwise fly in the same general path. we have now a housing unit that used to be a radar base but its been housing units as long as i can remember. now this occasion i was shoveling a place to put the garbage out the night before collection. while lighting my smoke, just looked up to admire the beautiful stars. then while i faced my house i saw that transparent, blinking, glitchy ,thing it flew over the house house then in between the path of the house and garage. hovered then dropped . It was now overhead and hovered, it was about the height of my neighbours tree. then glitchy crossed the street changing to multi blinks of colors. it then gained height while going near the trails then shot 2 beams of light before disapating The reason why im reaching out now about this object in question this unknown object is becoming a regular occurrence. we have no clue what it is, ive tracked using satalight tracker, astroid alert, ISS Live, star walk 2, iits seen all over town but no one want to talk about it or be "that person" there is no telling when it shows but you would think being not that far up i could see it better to explain what it is but nothing, no sound, just light in a shape appearing in a circle/triangular pattern. ive tried to get footage, oh believe me i have... but the darn thing is so fast, unpredictable, glitchy i cant get a focus on it or it appears as a smudge. so heres my story all i can do is try to get more proof and record all data.
