{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-11 02:38:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284653","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118765","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2342,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/653/mufon-5284653.json","updb_database_id":5284653}
Watched a fire fight between 2 UFO's and then what I thought were 2 F-16's fly in fast above each object

Was outside smoking a cigarette and noticed what appeared to be 2 UFO's engaged what I surmised to be a fire fight of sorts. One was much bigger and brighter than the other and both seemed to have white fuzzy halo's arounds them. I assumed the halo's had to do with cloaking, because sometimes they would disappear completely and you could only see what I would call a smudge where they had been. Then they would reappear. They seemed to be firing red and green lasers at each other. I say that because when the light lasers would brighten and shoot at high rates of speed, you could see the entire object. When there was a pause, or ceasing of these light lasers, you could barely make out a smudge on the horizon where they just were. It gave the impression of some sort of cloaking capability. I also saw a fast falling object, resembling a shooting star, but falling straight down from above the larger object. The entire object fluttered momentarily and then you could only see the smudge for approximately 15 seconds or so. Then the larger object showed up again in a different location and moved back to the approximate area it had been previously. It came back with a vengeance then. The laser light show was unbelievable. I thought War of the Worlds was going on. Not sure exactly what time I noticed 2 fast jets flying in the direction of the objects, but they both split off from the other. One flew to the right at a higher altitude above the larger object. The other flew to the left towards the smaller object, and was also at a higher altitude than the object. I watched until almost 4am when I couldn't keep my eyes open any longer.
