{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-06 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495653","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63783","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2598,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/653/mufon-5495653.json","updb_database_id":5495653}
{dr}Thought was a star or planet, then slow moving bright flashing light

I went outside my house shortly after 8 P.M. after my kids went to bed to smoke a cigarette. I was standing on my porch looking out at the sky like I usually do when I noticed a very bright white light in the sky. At first I thought it was a planet, because it was too bright to be a star, but I kept watching it and it didn't seem right with the stars that were usually in the sky this time of night during this time of year. This is my second sighting so I always look closer at things in the sky. The more I watched it, I noticed it was moving very slowly, way too slowly to be an airplane. I live across the river from Louisville International airport so we see a lot of planes in the sky; this was not consistent with the behavior of a normal aircraft. Over the course of five minutes, it got closer and it was pretty low to the ground, however, not low enough to make out a shape. It was very, very bright and moving very slowly still. I called my husband to come look after it had moved closer and lower, so from this point on, he witnessed what I did. The light became brighter then would fade a little, then became a random quick flashing. I noticed red and blue lights flashing in with the white at times, but the main color was bright white. It looked as if it had a tail, but it wasn't moving quickly enough for it to be anything burning behind it, it had to be light reflecting off of something that made up the structure of the object. It was very cold outside, so after about 20 minutes of watching it hover outside, I came in and could see it outside my window. Over a course of five minutes, the light gradually got dimmer, then completely disappeared. I went outside and walked around my backyard to be sure it didn't just move somewhere else, but it was gone. I would have tried to get a picture or video but mmy phone isn't the greatest and with all the streetlights it wouldn't have turned out very well anyway.
