{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-08 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508653","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49805","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4554,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/653/mufon-5508653.json","updb_database_id":5508653}
Insertion of approximately 20 objects

I was in Canada for a week living in a fishing cabin. It was 10 miles from the nearest road and the only access was by boat. It was about 40 miles north of International Falls. 

In the early morning of Thursday, 8/8 (~2:15AM) I was awakened with the strong desire to go outside and see the stars. Not having done that while on that vacation I slowly pulled myself out of my warm bed (no heat in cabin), dressed and went outside to view the sky.

I went down to the dock which had the best view and stood observing the incredible cloudless night sky. I could see everything from the northwest all the way to the southwest. Due west was in the trees. I watched a number of polar orbit satellites as they traversed the sky. The Milky Way was incredibly vivid! I also saw a half dozen meteors (easily detectible since they would quickly flare out, take a somewhat ballistic trajectory, and they were very fast).

After about 10 minutes I saw a particularly bright satellite (as bright as the brightest planet) appear just to the left of Polaris (pretty close to Yildun, the 2nd star of the Little Dipper handle). Again, this was a VERY BRIGHT object.

This object started a slow trajectory (VERY SLOW even compared with polar satellites) directly towards the point on the Big Dipper where the handle meets the pan. It took ~30-40 seconds to make this transition across the sky and the trajectory was a very straight line! But this wasnt all!

After ~5 seconds from first observation the large bright object started to spawn smaller objects moving away from the larger object in straight lines!! These were much dimmer than the parent. An example is that one left and moved down at an approximate 45 degree trajectory from the parent. Some of the ~20 objects in total continued on straight lines to the horizon, others (~30%) after getting a little distance from the parent took very sharp ~22.5 degree turns to come on the same trajectory as the parent.  Some of the smaller objects made multiple angular turns in different directions (~5 did this). Most of the objects maintained the same speed of the 1parent1 but ~7 of them sped off to the horizon at a much faster speed.

All of the smaller objects 

1) Left the parent in straight lines (~45% from parent trajectory), 
2) Did not burn up, flare, or otherwise disintegrate,
3) Were observable until they went over the horizon.
4) I didn't observe any blinking lights or other types of navigational lights on any objects.
5) None of the objects ever took a curved trajectory, always straight lines.
6) Some of the smaller objects matched the parent in speed and trajectory while others were ~25 - 50% faster and quickly went over the horizon.
7) Some of the smaller objects went East, others West. I didn't notice any objects reversing course and going South over my head.
8) Smaller objects appeared to stop spawning from the parent as the parent go closer to the Big Dipper handle. Last observed departure was when parent was ~1 Big Dipper pan depth from handle (don't know how to otherwise describe distance).

After the large object reached the handle of the Big Dipper it quickly dimmed and was not visible. As a note, the Big Dipper was not too far from the horizon and visibility due to atmospheric thickness became worse the closer to the horizon the object was.

Whole event lasted ~40 seconds and was like a fireworks show!!! Even though I looked hard for another 1/2 hour I didn't see anything else like this. 

Whoever they are the executed a perfect insertion. It was quick, very effective and after 40 seconds all assets were not visible and on their way to ultimate targets. If only the US military could be this effective.

Wish they could have done a Fly-By so I could have seen them up close!!

-----------

Just wanted to share my experience with you. Hope you can add it to the Archives.

Just another weird day on Earth!
