{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-18 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527653","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27968","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2917,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/653/mufon-5527653.json","updb_database_id":5527653}
Bright Orange object random movements then fades or disappears

I was two blocks east of 18th Ave and Cambie St in Vancouver. I was going to my truck to get my jacket and looked west up in the sky (something I'm always doing I think in this case though I was looking up to see what the weather was like) It was clear skies for the most part. My gf's street is has a lot of trees on it so the spot i looked up was really one of the few openings I could see from where my truck was parked. I could see planes flying off in the distance, but something different caught my attention. 

There was a bright Orange object in the sky. I would say a little larger and a little brighter than what a planet looks like in the sky only this was Orange in color. It seemed pretty far away, i would say at least a few miles. That's what stuck out initially. I told my gf to look at it (she is very skeptical about this type of stuff) while I grabbed my jacket quick. She even made some comments that it didn't look like a plane or anything (you could see another plane north west of it with marker lights and everything). I stood there for another minute and watched it move. The orange object made kind of a clockwise circular movement and then at the 6oclock position it started to move in a straight line and then stopped. We now began to walk west towards Cambie St hoping to get a better vantage point. I was even tripping a few times on the sidewalk as I was glued to the sky. Once we got a better view I stopped because it started to get dimmer. My view was framed to the left by a large tree, the bottom by a house, and to the right was a smaller tree. The Orange object was located i would say about a 45o angle of elevation. As it was fading (slowly) it wasn't moving it only flickered a few times. I paid attention to the fact that it wasn't moving over anything on the horizon. And then just like that it was gone. And I went on with my night. 

The sighting was really fast, I only had my cell phone and don't think it would have showed that well. I think my drawings will better represent what we saw. My gf can verify everything we saw from the movement, it's brightness, and it fading to nothing while not moving.
