{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-12-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489653","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69956","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3104,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/653/mufon-5489653.json","updb_database_id":5489653}
{dr}observed huge cigar shaped ufo moving east to west then over Mt. Baldy mtn the ufo stopped then went from horizontil to verticle then descended or ascended in a flash that lit the sky like it was noon. when it flashed it was a shape of a light bulb

It was not long after midnight Dec. 26, 1979. I was traveling north in my vehicle on padua ave in Upland California, it was a clear night... I was 16 yrs old at the time and I had left my girlfriends house and was heading home to my parents house in Upland Ca. there was a vehicle behind me and 2 other vehicles in front of me.
I have traveled that route many times and after that event seeing jetliners and for scale purposes this ufo had to be what seemed 4 or 5 times the size of a jetliner. I noticed a not so much a cigar shape but this pure white rectangular object moving seeming slowly across my windshield from east to west. By the time it reached the other side of my windshield it was over Mt. Baldy mountains or somewhere close to that location. It then stopped and then went from a horizontal to a vertical position and then in a instant this ufo descended straight down in a flash that lit the whole sky and mountains like it was noon straight up. There was no sound or smoke just nothing. like it never happened. I didn't notice that the other vehicles had seen the same event until we all stopped at the intersection of baseline and padua. We all got out of our cars and we discussed for a bit but we did not exchange names or no's. I really kick myself in the but for not getting names or numbers. But I guarentee you they are as obsessed as I have been. I'm sure they will never forget what we saw. I would like to be hypnotized to go back to that event. As soon as I got home I immediatly called Cable airport and after no help there I tried Ontario Airport but got no help they suggested I call the nearest Air Force base of which I did... They took a statement and said they would call me if they had any questions. Since it was Christmas vacation, I worked at Friedman's microwave ovens during the week.The next day while taking out the trash at Friedman's I noticed all these planes taking off from cable airport and helicopters up in that area. I checked the news, the newspaper everything i could possibly check at that time. There are not to many days that go by where i don't think of that event. I can see it in my mind like it happened yesterday. I'm hoping someone has reported this same event, it was life changing. So incredible!
