{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-22 09:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292653","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110666","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2904,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/653/mufon-5292653.json","updb_database_id":5292653}
I videoed a huge dark square Borg-like um, idk, cube? hiding in a cloud across the river.

So on July 22, 2020, my best friend Terri and I were sitting on the pier as usual watching for river dolphins and chatting as we do every morning. It was a few minutes after 9am when I noticed a huge dark grey square cloud that just didn't belong in the sky. The winds were whipping and tearing the other clouds to shreds and making crazy shapes with them, but this one big dark cloud just held onto it's cube shape. I watched it sitting in the southeast sky, just across the river and south a little bit, from the pier at Ames Park, where we were. I watched it and we chatted for a couple of minutes how it resembled a Borg ship, before it dawned on me that, hey ditz, you might want to capture this weird cloud... So I took my Nikon P1000 from it's case and began filming. I got nearly 4 minutes of this cube sitting there before it almost completely disappears, morphs into the giant puffy white cloud it was sitting in front of. Then! After it morphs into the other cloud, that big cloud begins projecting actual alien faces at us and my camera picked them up before the battery drained completely and it shut off. Which...now that I think back, that battery should have had a full charge and lasted me at least 2 hours of constant use. Hmmm... 
Anyways, I uploaded that video directly to my youtube channel: Melly CeesEwe
and people there have been messaging me to make a MUFON report. 
I have included photos, the video and still shots from during the video that show the cube and it just vanishing minutes later.
