{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-22 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486413","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73297","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2569,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/413/mufon-5486413.json","updb_database_id":5486413}
{rjl} Fireball flew overhead.

I was in my front yard checking out the sky when I saw a bright yellowish light in the sky flying towards me from NW direction. At first I thought it was an airplance or helicopter, but it didn't have red or white or any other blinking lights, the light was bigger than a plane light and it was going much faster than a plane. As it flew overhead and slightly to the side I noticed it was leaving a white trail. I thought of calling my friends outside but the light dimmed but then it got bright again as it continued in SE direction. I ran for my friends, and one came out and saw it too as it continued SE. The light dimmed and brightened a couple of times, then it appeared to be stopping but that may have been illusion. Then the lights were gone. It was very cloudy and it appeared to disappear behind clouds a couple times on its trip across the sky. Definitely not a meteor. It traveled from one end of my view of the sky, over my head, and continued as far as I could see in a straight line at the same speed until it maybe appeared to stop before it disappeared. My friend and I both know it was not anything we've seen before. He thought it looked like something entering the atmosphere. He said something about the movie Predator. I felt like it was another of many UFO sightings, kind of nervous but what can you do? I saw the one they say was a missile on November 7. It looked like a helicopter with a spotlight on it right over my front yard when I saw it here in Los Molinos which is Northern California. Looked like it was gonna land out front. Then I ran for my binoculars and when I came out it had moved west and was going straight up and it looked like a missile to me with the binoculars. But that's a whole other event. Sorry. Anyway, about five minutes after the fireball flew over, what looked to be a chemtrail plane flew over where the fireball disappeared going from south to north leaving a thick chemtrail behind it.
