{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-21 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515413","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42743","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3134,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/413/mufon-5515413.json","updb_database_id":5515413}
{cak} I saw in total four objects in the sky and two unmarked black helicopters. The objects looked like planes on fire.

I was out getting a ride to get smokes from our local Indian Reservation. On the way out I saw a bright orange like sunset trail in the sky right behind the trees. I told our driver to turn so we could have a better viewing. I got out of the car and it looked like a meteor at first. Looking more closely I could see a black dot in front of this bright orange trail that can be compared to the size of a cigarette from our position. The trail started to fade dimmer but didn't decrease in size. After about 25 seconds the trail disappeared an I could still see the black dot in the sky which was like a speck so it must have been really high in altitude. About 7 seconds later this object disappeared. The object and its trail was in a perfect horizontal path and never inclined or declined or made any path changes. I was excited to see anything of the sort and didn't get any bad or odd feelings at the sight. We were driving on Mastic Beach Rd. on my way back to getting dropped off and I spotted an unmarked helicopter right above the trees. It had three red lights on its tail. My driver continued down Mastic Beach Rd, and as we were passing the William Floyd High School we saw a another one of these objects being chased by another unmarked helicopter. I told our driver to go to the elementary school parking lot to see if we could again get a better viewing. We sat there for about 20 seconds looking at the sky and I was wishing to see more and than another object appeared. The trail came into sight slowly and it wasnt suddenly there, the trail first became visible and grew in length to the same size that was seen before from the other two objects. They trails were all about the size of a cigarette and the black dot was a speck. Another one of the same object appeared right behind this UFO. So it was two of the same UFOS in a perfect horizontal line path. After about 25 seconds or so the first object disappeared an than the next one did. What was even stranger is we could still see one black speck than when that was gone a very feint oval like cloud appeared that was kind of blurry and not solid, very hard to spot with the human eye. The coloring of this cloud was shades of gray-white and some parts were transparent. I wanted to stay longer to see if we could spot anything else in the skies but the passenger had to be somewhere. On my way home we didn't see anything else out of the ordinary.
