{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-07-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467413","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"93254","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2469,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/413/mufon-5467413.json","updb_database_id":5467413}
{jpg} Saw flashes in patterns multiple times in multiple spot over hours

A friend and I went out into the country to get away for a night. We were actually staying on a buffalo ranch. The property had a runway made of grass for the owners plane. We went out there to spend the night looking at the stars and relaxing. There was not a single cloud in the sky all day or night. Before we first saw it we were in awe at the Milky Way distinctly.Then at 0042 I saw a large bright light in the sky. I have lived near many different military installations and air bases and have seen fireflies, meteors, satellites, ISS and everything you would initially think of. I told my friend to look where i saw it and it flashed again while we were looking directly at it. It appeared in a spot that was in between the stars and it was much brighter than any of the other stars. About the size of I believe it was Jupiter and Venus that were out that night and it definitely wasn't one of those. It flashed a total of four times. It never moved and the flash was quick but the exact same duration and brightness every time. I pulled out my camera but it didn't appear again. About an hour later i saw it on the complete opposite end of the sky. Same thing. Large whitish blue light, flashed quickly and deliberately and the time between each flash was about maybe 10 seconds or so. It flashed four times and stopped. We witnessed this about 4 or 5 times over the night. We saw satellites and airplanes and shooting stars and fireflies all night. This was not any of those. It was not a cloud covering a star for a second as there were none. I just want to know what that thing was and if was trying to communicate or just be seen but the flashes were not random. they were the same each and every time.
