{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-17 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509413","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49017","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2684,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/413/mufon-5509413.json","updb_database_id":5509413}
(GS) Craft Moving at very slow rate, maybe 5 knots in SE direction above downtown Iowa City

I was driving to work on my scooter(moped) from eastern side of Iowa City, headed to western part of Iowa City, I was on East Burlington Street headed west, right after I passed through the intersection of South Gilbet and East Burlington, I noticed what seemed to be some lights above me, as I drive this road every day It seemed a little odd. When I looked up I was just in peer shock!!! There was a VERY LARGE craft above me, it blocked out all stars and a majority of the night sky. The object looked as though it was hovering at first, however, as I continued on East Burlington in a west direction I came to a red stop light at Linn Street, thats when I got a superb look at it. Being on my scooter I had a NON obstructed view of the craft, the craft wasnt hovering, it was moving very, very slowly SE at no more than 1-5 knots. THERE WAS NO SOUND WHAT SO EVER! The lights on the craft where interesting, there where 2 lights, one was a pink to red to white light, the other was a blue to green to white light. The lights where slowly changing like Christmas tree lights. The craft was a triangle shape in dark color, I cant say it was black necessarily but it was very dark (it was night). I unfortunately was already late to work and could not take a photo. How ever I did observe the craft as I continued to work until buildings obstructed my view, this sighting from start to end was roughly 5-10 minutes. I grew up next Moffitt Air Field in Mountain View, Ca, where I have seen everything from the Space Shuttle (NASA is on Moffitt) to Stealth Bombers (prior to being announced to the public) landing at Moffitt before I was even 12 years old. My step-dad also worked at Aimes Research Center (He was a robotics engineer) at Moffitt, and I was in the Navy and and worked for NATO. I have been stationed in Iceland, Meridian, Norfolk, just to name a few. I was ALWAYS on a naval air station, I am very proficient in air craft for obvious reasons, and I have never seen any thing like this, EVER!!
