{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-02-04 19:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504413","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54479","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4063,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/413/mufon-5504413.json","updb_database_id":5504413}
{nd} Driving home, witnessed hovering large object directly over a home just built in subdivision, pulled into driveway and observed object approx. 10 minutes, got out of pickup and climbed on bed of trick to view.

Driving home after work, through Hide-a-Way Lake development in Carriere, MS. just past clubhouse, when I observed an object just above the roof of a house that was just built (not yet occupied), on the right side of a left turn in the roadway. I quickly made a right turn into the houses driveway to get a better look, unaware of what the object was. Initial observation was a row of lights (dull red and green) in a row spread the length of the house yet beyond the roof line on both ends. The vague outline of the object was approx. 20' above the roof, and was approx. 20' wider than the width of the house. The row of lights ran along approx. the lower third of the objects height. After sitting in the driveway approx. 20-25' from the house in the driveway in my pickup (maybe 1 min.), I turned off the engine and climbed out of the cab, and onto the bed, leaning against the roof of the cab observing in awe. My "scientific" mind was analyzing the data I was witnessing as soon as I could, fearing that it might leave. It was soundless, nothing....it was motionless, the lights were dull, but easily visible. Cars were driving past, seemingly unaware of the object, as it was off to the right of the road, as it makes a left rounded turn. I was fixated on the object, not wanted to miss anything, yet was amazed none of the cars going by seemed to notice the object. The outline of the object itself was vague, being black like the night sky. After what seemed like forever, my emotions were observational initially, taking in all that I could, then after running mentally through all the logical explanations of what it could be, and concluding it was "unknown",....suddenly, I felt the onset of fear, realizing that whatever it was, or whoever was in it, had to also be observing me! Being so close (estimate 50'),.... Fear suddenly took over my emotions, thinking to myself, I need to get out of here, before "something" happens!?? Just about that time, as fear entered my mind....the object started slowly moving to my right, maybe 5-10 mph, crossing over the Subdivisions fence line, and across the neighboring Golf Course. I watched it slowly go across the Golf Course towards the SW, which I later lined up to be towards an Electrical substation on Hwy 11,...then after about 3-5 mi jtes in that area, it shot extremely fast straight up at about a 10 degree angle to the East,....up and out of sight...at a speed I've never witnessed (within seconds 1000's of feet up into the night sky and gone).
I immediately drove home about 3 minutes away....told my wife what I just saw, and called my Uncle, who was and Air Force Base Commander in Duluth, Mn. and Minot, ND....who had told us of UFO sightings while he was on duty on several occasions in the past. He verified the definition of my experience as "normal" occurrences regarding how I described it at that time. I have not reported this incident until now because of fear of ridicule. The experience is as real today in my memory as it was way back then. The is 100% no uncertainty that it was a UFO, and nothing in modern aviation today can fly soundless, and directionally as that object did,...I assume, it was magnetic in power source, as the only explanation of its qualities.
