{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-03-14 21:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512101","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46229","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4628,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/101/mufon-5512101.json","updb_database_id":5512101}
(GS) I took approx 50 pics of an alien looking in my backdoor window

The night before last (3/13/13 I woke from a sound sleep with my back door knob rattling,it was approx 2am.

I had just rented a little house in the country an it was my 3rd night there.

There was a Alien staring at me through the window at the top of the old door on the back porch. As soon as the Alien saw that I was looking at him, it ran off. 

I was scared an shaking so I told my landlord the next morning an he giggled in dis-belief, he said if it comes back tonight then I should knock on his door an tell him. (He lives next door)

It came back around 9:30pm 3/14/13, I was texting a friend when I saw it in the same window so I quickly started taking pictures, with my cell phone.

I took approx 50 pics from all different angles an with it turning its head. I even got pictures of what appeared to be cloaking itself. very scary!!! I am still freaked out an I didn't get much sleep last night.

I had a feeling it was trying to lure me to the door, It was reptilian, it 
had eyes similar to the Grey alien everyone talks of but it had scales on its head and its shoulders. It also had bony spike shapes over his skull an all I saw were 3 fingers. It was approx 7 feet tall and looked strong. It just stared directly in my eyes, when I moved, His head moved. when his head turned I saw wrinkles on his neck, his nose was flat an he had no lips, "more like a lizard"

It appeared to have projected images onto the glass, an was shape shifting! I know how this sounds, but Im serious. He made a black spot appear in the center of his face an the spot looked like a beak(maybe owl) Then he shifted into what looked like a clown with a gift in its hands an the other that mostly freaked me out appeared to be of an old man (possible priest) an when it smiled the priest smiled too. I could tell it was just a projection on to the glass, because I could still clearly see him. 

I know how this sounds, as I hesitated telling anyone...But I have great pictures and a video that I took with my cell phone.

I called my landlord over to share the story an pictures, He is a well known local Animal Veterinarian. He studied the pictures an they also freaked him out. He said he wont walk his dog at night any longer. He explained what he saw in the photos that I took, an is very interested in learning about what I have witnessed.

I do not know who to call or if I should call anyone, I have many pictures of its face changing shapes an very good pictures of the structures of its eyes, scales, an head. 

I don't know how to take the images from my cell or I would email you a few, I can text the images.

I am a bit scared from what I have seen, If you have any idea of what It was please contact me an tell me what I can do to keep it away. I am going to the local humane society to get a dog or two, I hope that will help.

If your interested in talking, you may reach me on my cell: 360-451-8840 but please don't tell anyone my name. I volunteer for the State of Washington an don't want this to interfere with my job or my friends and family. 

I attached a few pictures of it shape shifting, a couple of the pictures are of it turning into what looked like a clown face, an the last image, You can clearly see its head (left) an it projecting a image of the old mans head (right) I have many more images. 

I hung curtains up today, so if it comes back tonight I will not be able to see it.
