{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1988-07-01 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548101","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"12454","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4877,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/101/mufon-5548101.json","updb_database_id":5548101}
Multi-colored, iridescent oval disc witnessed at distance of 300ft with no sound.

Although I was twelve years of age at the time of my sighting, I remember it as though it had happened yesterday. I was watching TV with my sister, who was home visiting from college, and I heard my dog going crazy outside. I got up and looked out of the big picture window in my family's den to see what was upsetting the dog. 

About 300ft away from our back yard was a field near a large wooded area where my friends and I often rode bikes and played. This is where I spotted the craft. It was approximately 15-20 ft in diameter, and was what appeared to be a mix between and oval and a disc-shape. The actual base color of the object was what I would call a silvery-blue...almost like a hue. The surface was solid...I could easily see that. However, the surface of the object seemed to have a property that most would consider to be iridescent. I say this because the surface was multi-colored, but the colors were not seperately defined...they appeared to be pulsating/swirling and mixing together...it was really beautiful. The light source itself appeared to be coming from a central location within the object. (I couldn't actually see the source which was producing the light that was pulsating through the iridescent surface of the object, so I assume that it may have come from a centralized location within the object itself.)

After I first saw the object, I called my older sister over to see it. I distinctly remember her saying, "Oh my God! What is that?!?" It was right after she joined me at the window that I noticed the TV in our den was horribly static-filled and was having some audio problems as well. 

At this point, my sister and I ran outside into the back yard and kept watching the object, which at first had just been hovering, but was now moving very slowly, (estimate of 5-10 mph), to the right. This movement resulted in the object occassionally being obtructed from view by patches of trees from the wooded area about 300ft away. It would slowly go behind the trees, and then slowly re-emerge on the other side. I remember wondering why it could be so close and so big, (esp to a 12y/o boy), but make no sound whatsoever! However, our dog was making so much sound, I'm surprised the whole neighborhood didn't come to find out what was going on.

Towards the end of the sighting, which I believe to have been around 5 mins total, the object went behind a thick patch of trees and never re-emerged from the other side. I saw what appeared to be a flash higher in the sky and more to the right, which could have been an instantaneous take- off of the object, but that is merely speculation. It's almost as though it just disappeared. It may have landed at that point, but I cannot say that for sure. I do know that there were no other houses in that direction...just the field and the woods. I have wished many times since then that I had jumped on my bike and chased after it...but unfortunately I did not. I do remember that I was so impacted by the event that I wanted to study whatever I could about UFOs, but one of the only sources I had were my family's old World Book Encyclopedias. I remember that I read about Project Blue Book, and was thrilled that there was a government oraganization designated for UFO research, and was excited that I could report what I had seen. So, I wrote a detailed letter about the event, and included my own drawings and diagrams of what I had seen. Little did I know, since it was 1988 at the time, Project Blue Book had closed almost 20 yrs before. I did, however, get a letter in return informing me that Blue Book was no longer in operation. I'm surprised anyone responded at all.

One final comment about this sighting...I have, for years, wondered why it may have been that what I consider to have been an authentic UFO would have been "snooping around" near my home in such a small town in South Carolina? What I consider to be the answer to that question hit me just recently while doing a lot more reading on UFOs. Located within about five miles of my home at the time, and from my whole city for that matter, is the Lake Robinson Nuclear Power Plant. I'm not surprised anymore that they were in our area!
