{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-10-17 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507101","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"51621","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4286,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/101/mufon-5507101.json","updb_database_id":5507101}
{nd} Brilliant Intense stationary light observed hovering then transforming while taking a new flight path. Attended by other unknown objects..

We like to go out and observe the night sky often. We are quite familiar with how airplanes look in the night sky. Where we live we hear and see many commercial airlines come and go. The objects, UFOS, we witnessed tonight were unlike the normal things you see. 
It was my Husbands first time seeing this orb like brilliant phenomenon that I have now witnessed a few times.
715pm EST 
I had a feeling I just needed to go outside and look at the sky. After seeing some of the orbs over this past summer I wanted to see if they would appear yet again tonight. I meditated while my husband gathered blankets and items to prepare for a night of star gazing. 
As I meditated and wished to see my bright stunning light in the sky I opened my eyes and noticed a Bright Star above the treeline westerly. There it sat and I just thought "hmm thats bright and wow it almost seems to be moving but meh maybe im staring at it to hard. hmm weird it seems to have a glowing red flash too.." however this starlike object just remained stationary over the trees for half an hour. 
During this half hour we witnessed at least 5 planes, with sound coming and going, probably from Portland Jet port in Maine. Saw 3 shooting stars. Then witnessed a satellite moving gracefully across the sky.
Looked back at the westerly object and noticed it was no longer as bright, almost seemed as if it was further away. The object was now a lot lower than it was half an hour ago. It had moved below the treeline and more to the west. over the course of 30 more mins we noticed more planes, then we noticed some very weird unexplainable pulsating ruby red objects moving on a steady course very near to the descending star-like object. (not sure never seen airplanes blink like this) 
Around 8:15 an hour later the star-like went from above the treeline appearing steady, then moved below the treeline down to the right. by 815ish the star was completely gone and too far below the treeline to observe it any longer. 
8:20 my feet are getting a bit cold and im ready to come in. I close my eyes and start to say thank you, thank you if you showed yourself to me again... then as I opened my eyes I yelled 
"Tyrone!! LOOK AT THIS! THEY ARE HERE AGAIN! OMG THANK YOU THANK YOU!!"
this Giant Orb was so brilliant. It was as if someone was shining a beautiful light in our direction saying "hello i am here" we both felt so wonderful and watched in awe as this object pulsated, did not move. This beautiful object was right above our neighbors chimney. It stayed still for a good minute. As i told my husband this is what Ive seen before but in the past it was only for 30 sec or less and just totally evaporated or dimmed out. However tonight it just incandescently glowed and was brighter than any other star in the night sky. Much brighter than Venus! 
then the object moved up! ascended in elevation than dimmed but then just appeared like a bright object. The white/yellow light was now still and the object moved course horizontally heading southwest. 
I followed them around a house and noticed this object was now blinking. NO SOUND! and then appeared another one! Stationary. NO SOUND this second light source object started to ascend and take off in a southwest trajectory. What is weird as when they are still and very close to us there is no sound and no blinking lights. 
I feel so blessed to have seen this tonight. They are there. I really believe if you give out your energy/beacon they will respond. 

My husband is still sitting here flabbergasted.. XD
