{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-27 22:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521101","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35286","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2819,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/101/mufon-5521101.json","updb_database_id":5521101}
huge bright white light chased by much smaller light, sees smaller light,excellerates, disappears.

South Australia. My partner was in the backyard looking up at the stars at approx 10:20pm and yelled out for me to come and see this huge light. so i grabbed our camera and ran out. it was at least 3-4 times bigger than Serius or any other star, and much brighter than anything i've ever seen in the sky at night. 
i was amazed and started filming. in the video you can see stars which are pin pricks, and moving in between them is a gigantic light. it is moving relatively slow at first, u can see it pass the stars so u can tell the speed! while im filming my partner shouts out that theres another, much smaller, more star sized light coming up behind it. both lights seem to be single and unwavering...and strange when i zoomed in on the big light it was cut off at the top. 
anyway the second dimmer light comes up behind the first huge light and within a couple of seconds it seems like the brightest object has noticed the smaller one coming up behind and just decides to take off! im out of here!
it speeds away, and once again in the video you can see the huge light pass by the much smaller stars, so its easy to see that it increased its speed by tripple or more. the 2 objects were close. not next to each other but closer than any 2 aircraft would be. 
as the huge object disappears it very quickly gets smaller and redder and then just gone. 
there was no sound or blinking or flashing lighs from either objects. however, about 2mins after both objects had disappeared, the second less spectacularly, a third object, a plane flies over which is CLEARLY A PLANE. flashing lights, and once the speed of sound allowed for it, a jet sound.
the first object was clearly not a plane. no plane or helicopter has a light that big at that far away a distance. one huge unwavering light. 
the second i will concede could hav been anything in was so small. but the first object was definetly scared away by the second. 

ps i am writing this via mobile and cannot upload video yet. though if MUFON is interested ill be more than happy to provide. sorry for inconvenience, but the incident only just happend and i want to keep it fresh.
