{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518101","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"39404","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2711,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/101/mufon-5518101.json","updb_database_id":5518101}
One I thought was a star found out not, the other started out bright very bright then dimmed to nothing

The first one I saw was in the sky for at least a couple hours, was talking to a friend on the phone, then out of no where started to move from its spot in the sky and head north. Then just was gone I could no long see it.

Just happened to look up and watched another moving across the sky heading north and then after a while I was unable to see it as well.

the first 3 I saw was like I described above. 
The fourth one I saw what at first I thought was a plane but then noticed that the blinking lights were not as planes and not in the same location as planes. "My father was a pilot and flew a lot so I have seen and been around planes day and night"
Any who this object would fly for a while and then hover in one spot for a moment and then move again this object was heading west towards the mountains. I then saw it fly towards an amber looking light in the sky and stop and hover and then the amber light that I noticed since I was sitting out side tonight just got really bright and then flashed a couple of times did like a jolt like movement and then just back to normal state and then the other object just flew off and just vanished.

The main one that got my attention was when I was looking just straight ahead I noticed in the left corner of my left eye a bright bright white light. I looked to my left to see this rather good size bright light moving across the sky heading north. When I first saw it I would say it was just slightly bigger than a golf ball as it moved north I noticed that it was getting smaller in size and the light was getting dimmer as it went above me. The the light was gone and I saw a shadow type object and it was not round at all I can not explain the shape that I saw, however eventually I lost the ability to see it anymore.

This is "NOT" the first time I have seen strange "objects" in the night sky here. I have always all my life been a night sky watcher just looking at the stars etc. I started to noticed odd/strange "objects" since Jan of 2012.
