{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-07-27 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459101","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102415","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5984,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/101/mufon-5459101.json","updb_database_id":5459101}
{rjl} Abnormal formation of lights observed on I-66 near Bull Run in Virginina.

Observed on my way home from work at approximately 2330L on July 27th, 2019 while driving. I was in my car driving on route I-66 westbound, just after where the highway goes over Compton Road (rt. 658) near Cub Run. From that point on-wards, for the next 1 mile westbound, I observed to the south of my position an abnormal configuration of lights that I had never seen before on that portion of the road. Weather conditions during this time were Southerly winds at 6kts, 10SM visibility, overcast at 12,000ft, temperature was 77*F, dew point was 62*F, relative humidity was 60% and the barometric pressure was 30.20 in. (Information retrieved from weather.gov provided by NOAA). 

I am normally quite observant to the traffic heading into Washington Dulles International Airport (KIAD) as it is where I work. This night was unlike any other as I watched the skies for flights inbound that travel a predictable path on arrival. Knowing where to look for these is never an issue so anything that lies outside of certain bounds tends to catch my eye. Normal things such as this that I see are helicopters, which I am able to identify due to their light configurations, and the occasional GA plane going into Manassas Regional Airport (KHEF) which I have no problem identifying as well. 

This night I noted a formation of lights that were to my left, southerly, out of the car window and over the horizon. They looked out of place and so I made it a point to look for other sources of light in my car and around that might've been causing a reflection, none could be found. The lights were in a configuration that is non-standard to FAA regulations that give guidelines as to which lights must be installed, on and in use while in flight at night. I observed three lights, two red and one white. They were in a triangular formation and at an oblique angle. The two observed lights on the right were red and white, the red steady light looked to be relatively above or higher than the steady white light that was below and the red light was only very slightly to the right of the white. These two lights were spaced about 1 degree apart vertically. The light to the left of these two was one singular red light which was seen to pulse with a period of 1 - 1.5s. The formation thus looked to be triangular with the pulsating point facing to my left and oriented with an easterly orientation. No clear structure was noted, but rather darkness between the lights. The lights themselves looked to be big and bright, I'd approximate it to modern high-quality LED's of larger size. They were point sources as I could see the emanation of light from a single foci and the characteristic star pattern one sees with such things. Unlike standard FAA light configurations, missing were the steady burning white position lights on the tail, red and green navigation lights on the wing-tips, pulsating strobe lights also on the wing-tips and any landing lights that would be on at that altitude (below 10,000ft).

What struck me as the most odd feature was the distance between these three lights. Normal observations I've made all have a very close clustering of lights, regardless of the size of the aircraft. Even a Boeing 777 at close range has lights that, from the ground, are relatively close in spacing. The formation of lights looked to me to be approximately 1 - 2 mi off in the distance and spaced about 3 - 4 finger widths apart (4.5 - 6 degrees in angular size using standard astronomy guidelines). Its height above the horizon was approximately 25-30 degrees as it was above the treetops but only by about 5-10 degrees based on my vantage point. 

Motion of the lights was difficult to ascertain as I was in motion myself, traveling on the highway at speed. Direction also would be difficult to pin down for the same reason and the observational time being approximately 25 - 30 seconds. 

I have searched on Google Maps for anything that may have been observed or in my path of view. I noted that my observation was close to the Bull Run Pavilion, but no events were ongoing that night that I noted on the events website. I consulted a terminal air chart (TAC) and noted no towers within that swath of my viewing at all. The area itself is sparse considering the surroundinkg area and the only other locations of note are the Atlantis Waterpark at Bull Run and the Splashdown Waterpark, but these are very low-lying parks that would not be so high in the sky. In addition to this I also looked, shortly after my car went too far west to see it, at the phone application called FlightRadar 24 for air traffic (with all filters off for KIAD so I could see all traffic) and noted only one plane as an American Airlines flight into KDCA that was within 5-10 NM from the airport. This was the closest aircraft to my location.

After this observation I drove on-wards, westbound to home. While driving I did see other aircraft arriving to KIAD but these looked normal to me and they were being turned (by ATC) before I-66 for approaches to landing on runways 01C and 01R (via the GIBBZ3 STAR from SIYOB to CARRY or SKINS fixes which is normal during low traffic conditions present at 2300L.).
