{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-01-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528101","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27492","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2864,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/101/mufon-5528101.json","updb_database_id":5528101}
Greenish white light in the Sky over Sydney Cape Breton Island

The sphere was spotted by my uncle, flying in an effortless motion in the night sky over the east coast of Cape Breton last night at 9:15. The light was quite large and was very different from the usual things spotted in our very dark sky's, such as stars, planes ETC. It was traveling pretty fast on a scale of one to ten in speed, it was about a seven. It was traveling from north to south and before it was out of sight it seemed to blink off and disappeared. When he returned home there were messages on his answering machine from some family and friends, saying that they had seen something very odd in the sky. After speaking with them it was determined that they too had seen the same glowing object in the sky. 

I was contacted by my uncle, due to my knowledge and understanding of these phenomenons. I have spent the last 9 years researching and examining sightings. 

I have never made this story public but feel now is the time.

July 2001. Sydney Nova Scotia.

2:30 in the morning. My best friend and I had just walked outside for a cigarette. We sat side by side on the curb and chatted for a few minutes, When we noticed a flash in the sky. We both looked up and seen something that to this day neither of us could explain. A massive UFO that span at least a mile in width. It was from my estimation, only 1000 feet off the ground and it lit up the sky. There were five massive lights on the object. Each light approximately the size of a school bus. The lights flashed from both ends to the center. The light almost looked like a glowing fluid that moved in waves. We were shocked! It hoovered in one spot for at least 5 minutes. During this time my friend and I were trying to come up with an explanation for what we were seeing. There was only one explanation, A UfO. Suddenly.... the object flew straight up into, what had to be space and hooked off in a westerly direction and disappeared into behind the star. We were both speechless. Only After it was gone, did we realize that it had made no noise what so ever. To this day I feel haunted by what we seen and have become increasingly obsessed with finding the proof, that........... We are not Alone.

*(Wit's name deleted -- CMS/sg).
