{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-16 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491101","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68472","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2394,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/101/mufon-5491101.json","updb_database_id":5491101}
{rjl} Bright white streaking light, almost shooting start in nature but shot in all different directions an a high rate of speed.

I have a cabin on the edge of Solon Springs, Wisconsin. I was laying on my cot, looking out the window. I was wide awake, so I was listening to a radio show. The first sighting was what I thought to be a shooting star coming down through the cloud covered night sky. It was very bright and startled me at first but then figured it to be a shooting star. I also thought how close it must have came down because of the low clouds that night. About a minute later the same bright streak came back from the ground back up into the sky, and took about the same route. I could see there was a small orb like bright light at the beginning of it. At this time I am nervous and wonder what in the world was that? Then about another minute later it came back down out of the sky and streaked like a pinball in about 6 different directions in a very high rate of speed. The hair all over my body stood up on end and I felt like I was being watched. After the object did its 6 streaks and pinball like action it shot back into the clouds. I sat up and took a deep breath, also took a drink of water for a couple minutes. I laid back down to try to sleep, all the while looking out the window but never seen anything else. My cousin was with me sleeping on another cot, I didn't wake him because I didn't think he would believe me. It happened so fast I don't know if he would have been able to see it anyway. I told him the next morning and he acted like I suspected, not interested. I asked a couple guys at the local restaurant if they heard of any sightings and they said that they had not. This was the first legit sighting that I believe I saw as a real UFO. It took 48 years!
