{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-20 22:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502101","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56918","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3641,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/101/mufon-5502101.json","updb_database_id":5502101}
{dr}Huge light/lights (changed color several times) hovered above tree line for 20 min. before disappearing.

My son went outside on our porch to smoke at 10:40 p.m. I went out to join him about ten minutes later because my dog was whining and I thought he needed to go out. My son was staring out the screen door and said, "do you see that"? I looked out expecting to see a coyote or similar animal which is common out here(rural area 150 acres). Instead I saw huge bright red lights hovering right above the treeline toward the middle of our mile long gravel driveway (woods on both sides of driveway). I didn't know what it was, I just knew it shouldn't be there. We never see anything out here in the middle of nowhere. I stared in shock before deciding to take a closer look. I opened the screen door and as soon as I did the lights completely vanished. Just totally disappeared. My son said, "we need to go inside now". I agreed. 
 My son is 24 and does not scare easily. He was freaked out and will not talk about it at all anymore. He won't go outside after dark now and pulls all of the curtains closed when the sun goes down. What he told me before he shut up completely about it was that when he first noticed the lights they were red and blinked rapidly, then they went white and then the shape appeared to be halo graphic. He told me that they turned solid bright red right before I came out. 
 Since that night my husband and I have both seen increased activity in the sky at night. There is seldom any kind of air traffic here day or night. Now, nightly there are flashing red lights, bright white balls of light that appear and disappear, red blinking lights that will have a bright white blinking light that follows behind it, and once a round green blinking light hovered in same spot as the first sighting. Most of the lights we see come from a north west direction and go south east then turn and go north. The past few nights when I've been sitting on the porch with my dog (all three times between 10:15 p.m. and 11:00 p.,), my dog will start whining and getting agitated. He will nudge me and sit by the door to go in the house, and the past two nights he actually started barking. My dog is a pitbull/boxer mix. He's very smart, protective and DOES not bark unless there is something serious enough to bark at. When he barks, I listen. 
 It took me a while to search anything out about this. Honestly, I was afraid of what I would find out. I'm having a real hard time living out here now and am noticing more strange things like static on radio, weird clicking noises outside etc. I might be imagining things due to what we've seen. But whatever the case may be, I'm not relaxed out here in the country anymore. My anxiety level is through the roof, especially when it gets dark. I feel like I have to watch the sky at night, but am scared of what I will see. Not sure what I should be doing or not doing. Would love to hear I'm imagining things, it's nothing and not to worry about it. I could really use some help here.
