{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485101","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74691","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2891,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/101/mufon-5485101.json","updb_database_id":5485101}
{rjl} saw a huge very bright light over lake looked like star at first was not moving then after a while it got brighter seemed to be moving towards us at fast rate then got so bright and just stopped then it was gone in an instant

My boyfriend and I were visiting my parents cabin in Fairview Michigan. The cabin is directly on Perry Lake. It was a couple hours past sundown approximately 9 pm we were outside on the back deck to have a cigarette.It was very dark out, the only illumination was the moon reflecting over the surface of the water. We were both facing the lake looking at the water and the stars. For reference the lake is not very big at this section, maybe a quarter of a mile to the other shore directly across from the deck we were standing on which was maybe 10 feet from the shore. So we were just standing there smoking and talking when we both noticed an unnaturally bright and large star that seemed to not be there a few seconds before.(it appeared to be in the far distance beyond and above the trees in the sky) We both at the same time said "wow look how bright that star is ..." and I said "why is it so big it looks weird" So probably 30 seconds of watching this bright star then all of the sudden its getting brighter and larger, as if its moving towards us at an extremely high rate of speed because now its as if its actually over the water, but it was hard to tell exactly how high in the sky because of how bright it was, but if I had to make an estimate I would say less than 100ft. Then it just kind of hovers over the water for a couple seconds and there was a bright flash and shoots to the left and it was just gone. Now we both looked at each other and said "did you see that!" Afterwards my boyfriend just was indifferent but I thought it was really really strange. I was like wanting to just keep talking about it. I immediately told my parents about what we saw and my mom told me that her and my dad have been frequently seeing strange white lights over the lake. So I probably would have dismissed it had she not told me they have been seeing these lights all the time. Her description matched mine except for the flight patterns were all different, but the lights seem to come from another area and hover over the water and then seemingly disappear.
