{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505101","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53765","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3752,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/101/mufon-5505101.json","updb_database_id":5505101}
Object flies overhead, changes direction, clear sky, something falls from object

Myself and two friends had gone up to the Green Bridge over Black Brook for a walk late at night, as when we had gatherings was the tradition. There was a fourth of our group but they stayed back at the house.

After stopping at the bridge and gazing at the silhouette of the Nab against clear night sky in perfect darkness I noticed what appeared to be a Chinese lantern off to the North East, appearing to rise from the trees in the distance that were less than a mile away. The object may not have been rising as such but travelling from the horizon, it was a hazy dim orange light - as such you would expect from a lantern.

My friends took no notice of my intrigue with the object as I continued to watch. As the object reached a certain 'height' or point in the sky the light suddenly became brighter, a solid dark orange glow completely different from the once mistaken Chinese lantern effect.

It was at this point the object also caught my friends attention. We watched as it moved horizontally to us through the clear sky and positioned itself over the Nab. From here it diverged into two orange lights, still solid and visible from all angles. The object appeared to change course and head directly for us overhead - it did. It passed straight over our heads not making a single sound and it passed off into the South West were we watched it disappear into the distance over towards the lights of a nearby town.

Now the really intriguing bit was what happened next.. Something appeared to fall from the craft. This was not a trick of the eye as at the same time all three of us stepped back and asked "did you just see that?". It seemed as if a shooting star fell directly vertical from the craft, either this was the biggest coincidence ever that a shooting star did fall - or something actually did.

Now naturally being the type of guys we are, we immediately started debunking this object as it flew through the sky. It couldn't be commercial aircraft as it had no flashing wing tip lights - even though the quite defined solid orange lights were what could be descried as a wingspan apart, which could also explain the positioning of the lights during the objects directional rotation. We also thought about the orange glow could be from the crafts engines, but the lights were visible from both the front and the back and the object made no sound what so ever. We ruled out the possibility of a glider as the distance and speed the object flew was quite impressive.

As the object passed overhead we tried to make out a body shape or a definite V pattern, but this may have been a trick of the eye against the dark night sky. Additionally we all had camera phones, which weren't great back then and tried to capture actual footage and we did, but sadly all you could see was the black sky and the footage was not worth keeping.

The only final possibility is that this was an unmarked military aircraft, hence no flashing wingtip lights, however if this was the case the object made no noise and appeared to be relatively low in the sky from our perspective.
