{"created_utc": "2026-10-10T14:19:28Z", "engine": "mac-m3-imagemagick-tesseract-vision-ocr", "engine_mode": "embedded-text", "pages": 0, "schema": "ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1", "source_bytes": 14643293, "source_ctime_ns": 1788420455784365717, "source_file": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/297910600/24194021-20060474F-001-023-2023.pdf", "source_mtime_ns": 1785565369120000000, "source_rel": "National-Archives-UAP-Bulk/documents/297910600/24194021-20060474F-001-023-2023.pdf", "source_sha256": "8d186d71e1d7c12d1ea4c525eb1eb7d525d8b08ef98ef12927be00eacef27c1c"}

34EDAB55.FIN                                                                          Page 1 of28
     r


Exchange Mail


DATE-TIME                        l/29/98 4:12:01 PM
FROM                             Wozniak, Natalie S.
CLASSIFICATION                  UNCLASSIFIED
SUBJECT                         January 29 McCurry Press Briefing [UNCLASSIFIED]
TO                              Crowley, Philip J.
                                Dehqanzada, Yahya A.
                                Luzzatto, Anne R.
                                Rubin, Eric S.
                                Wozniak, Natalie S.
                                Benjamin, Daniel
                                Blinken, Antony J.
                                Gray, Wendy E.
                                Lafleur, Vinca S.
                                Leavy, David C.
                                Naplan, Steven J.
                                Widmer, Edward L.
                                Miyaoka, Lester H.

CARBON COPY

TEXT_BODY                        Press Briefing
                                 January 29 McCurry Press Briefing

TRANSLATED_ATTACHMENT
                                 mike0129.doc
                                 THE WHITE HOUSE

                                 Office ofthe Press Secretary


                                 For Immediate Release January 29, 1998


                                 PRESS BRIEFING BY
                                 MIKE MCCURRY


                                 The Briefing Room


                                 12:50 P.M. EST


http ://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/j an 1998/34edab55. html      1/5/2010
34EDAB55.FIN                                                                                 Page 2 of28


                                MR. MCCURRY: Good Monday -- what is it? Thursday? Feels like
                                Monday. I
                                haven't been here in a while. When you're having fun, time flies. It feels
                                a couple days away here. What are you going to do?

                                Listen, let me start with a couple of housekeeping items. First, the Presi,
                                placed a call to Prime Minister Jean Chretien of Canada a short while a�
                                They
                                had a conversation that lasted just over 1 0 minutes. It was an opportunit
                                obviously, for the President to consult further with the Prime Minister o
                                situation in Iraq. The President and the Prime Minister agreed that relev
                                U.N. Security Council resolutions are very important and that they shou
                                respected; that the government of Iraq's flaunting of those resolutions is
                                acceptable.

                                The Prime Minister also congratulated the President on the State of the
                                Union
                                address, which he apparently had either seen part of or had heard a grea1

                                about.

                                Q When was this?

                                MR. MCCURRY: Finished just a short while ago. I expect, as I told son
                                you
                                earlier today, I expect additional calls from the President to some of his
                                counterparts in days ahead.

                                Q On Iraq?

                                :NIR. MCCURRY: On Iraq -- correct.

                                Q So far, on Iraq, who has he called besides Chretien?

                                MR. MCCURRY: He's talked to Chancellor Kohl, Prime Minister Blair
                                indicated
                                yesterday he anticipates speaking very soon to President Chirac; and of
                                course,
                                the call to Prime Minister Chretien today.

                                Q Is he trying to build a case for unilateral action?

                                MR. MCCURRY: He's consulting closely with friends, other members<

                                Security Council as we consider next steps necessary to respond to wha1
                                been
                                the unwillingness of the government of Iraq to meet its international
                                obligations.

                                Q Is he talking with anyone in the Middle East?


http://classified/emai1/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/jan l 998/34edab55.html                1/5/2010
    34EDAB55.FIN                                                                                 Page 3 of28
t       r


                                   MR. MCCURRY: He has not yet, but as you know, Secretary Albright 1
                                   concluded
                                   meetings in Paris with her French counterpart and plans to see her Russi
                                   counterpart shortly, and then I think she will be in the region. I anticipat
                                   Secretary Cohen being in the region as well.

                                   Q Will the President address the question of Iraq in his speech at the
                                   National
                                   Defense University?

                                   MR. MCCURRY: Yes.

                                   Q Will he advance what he has said previously, including in the State ol
                                   Union?

                                   MR. MCCURRY: I expect him to reiterate the very strong passage he h
                                   the
                                   State of the Union address.

                                   Q He will not go beyond that?

                                   MR. MCCURRY: I don't believe at this time the President wants to add
                                   what
                                   was obviously a very clear and unmistakable statement Tuesday night.
                                   now have
                                   very high-level diplomacy, obviously, in place, and at work to further oi
                                   own
                                   views.

                                   Q No ultimatum today?

                                   MR. MCCURRY: I'm not - that's not the forum that the President plans
                                   advance the story at this point.

                                   Q How much support is he getting?

                                   MR. MCCURRY: Oh, I think we have very strong support in the Securi
                                   Council
                                   across the board for clear admonitions to the government of Iraq to mee
                                   obligations. And that's been stated by governments both within the Seen
                                   Council and other governments.

                                   Q My question is, how much support is he getting for an aggressive acti

                                   MR. MCCURRY: Well, the President hasn't made a decision with respe
                                   use of
                                   force, but he clearly is discussing what options are available with others
                                   so are our senior diplomats.


    http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                   1/5/2010
34EDAB55.FIN                                                                                Page 4 of28
   f


                               Q Will you please tell us for purposes of the official transcript whether 1
                               White House can confirm these reports that Monica Lewinsky --

                               MR. MCCURRY: Sam, I'll come back. Let's do that after -

                               Q Do you have something for this?

                               MR. MCCURRY: I've got a couple of other housekeeping items. Stay o
                               Iraq, yes.

                               Q What about Yeltsin? Does he anticipate talking to him?

                               MR. MCCURRY: I would not rule out that. I'm a little more certain thal
                               will
                               talk to President Chirac soon, but I wouldn't rule out that he will talk to
                               President Yeltsin as well.

                               Q Did the President tape a Voice of America address to the people of In
                               urging
                               cultural exchanges?

                               MR. MCCURRY: Have we given out that passage yet? I can tell you m<
                               about it.
                               He did. This is the President's annual statement on the occasion of the k
                               which is, of course, the end of Ramadan. He did express to the people o

                               his personal view that the United States regrets the estrangement of our
                               peoples and our two nations. Iran is a country, the President believes, th
                               has
                               a rich and ancient heritage of which the people of Iran are justifiably pre
                               We have got some real differences obviously with the government of In
                               but the
                               President believes that those differences are not insurmountable and he 1

                               that more exchanges between our peoples will bring the day that we can
                               enjoy
                               again good relations with Iran and with its people.

                               Q Basically, he's accepting President Khatami's proposal for these kinds
                               cultural exchanges?

                               MR. MCCURRY: The President recognizes and appreciates the new tor
                               that
                               President Khatami has set with some of his public comments. We have
                               repeatedly
                               noted - the U.S. government has noted and I think that the American pc
                               have
                               noted - that we do not have differences directly with the people of Iran,
                               we
                               do have differences with respect to the policies of Iran's government. I'n


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                  1/5/2010
34EDAB55.FIN                                                                                Page 5 of 28


                               aware that we have formally agreed to any exchange, but I think the
                               President is
                               indicating to the people of Iran in this statement that those kinds of
                               exchanges
                               could be fruitful.

                               Q That was on the Voice of America?

                               MR. MCCURRY: This is the annual message that he prepares that is
                               distributed
                               both by - or reported on by the Voice of America and distributed by US
                               Worldnet.

                               Q Mike, a few months ago, Foreign Minister Primakov made the usual
                               rounds — in
                               what was supposed to be a diplomatic solution, but Saddam Hussein kic
                               out the
                               American inspectors, all kinds of problems. It seems that Prime Ministe
                               Primakov is doing the same thing. Ms. Albright is on her way to meet al
                               foreign leaders. Is there any way the U.S. will accept a solution from
                               Primakov
                               at this time?

                               MR. MCCURRY: It's not a solution by any individual government that
                               seek,
                               it's the willingness of the government of Iraq to meet its international
                               obligations, to allow the inspections to take place that are necessary to
                               determine the extent and capacity of his programs in weapons of mass
                               destruction.
                               And it's Iraq's obstinacy when it comes to those inspections that is now i
                               purpose of international diplomacy. And we certainly hope and expect t
                               any
                               diplomacy undertaken by members of the Security Council will be direc
                               at
                               conveying that very strong message to the government of Iraq. We have
                               reason
                               to believe that the Russian Federation has communicated any message tl
                               that.

                               Q Mike, on Russia and Iraq, is the United States making any progress -
                               China, too — on persuading its allies that force might be possible in Iraq
                               military strike might be possible, those who have been most resistant to
                               in
                               the past?

                               MR. MCCURRY: I again stress to you that the President has not made i
                               decision
                               on use of force, so our consultations are about the situation that we are i

                               extent to which diplomacy may or may not bear fruit, and the degree to


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                  1/5/2010
    34EDAB55.FIN                                                                                Page 6 of28
V


                                   which
                                   diplomacy is increasingly running out of string, thus bringing the need f
                                   other
                                   options to at least be in focus as these consultations occur. I don't know
                                   I would describe the purpose of our diplomacy at this point to be to com

                                   other governments of a certain course of action, but it's certainly designt
                                   explore the kind of action that is necessary if we are going to achieve th
                                   objectives that we have.

                                   Q When do you expect the President to make a decision on this?

                                   MR. MCCURRY: I expect the President to continue to participate in the
                                   of
                                   diplomacy I've described to you and I expect him to await reports in the
                                   near future from his two Secretaries who will be consulting on this matt
                                   and
                                   perhaps from Ambassador Richardson who will pursue his conversation
                                   well.

                                   Q Well, Mike, are you trying to give the impression that the President is
                                   searching for some diplomatic solution to avoid military conflict?

                                   MR. MCCURRY: I think that it's clear the United States government is
                                   consulting
                                   on the utility of diplomacy at this point, and whether or not, through
                                   diplomacy,
                                   we can achieve the objectives that we have.

                                   Q Can we turn to the other matter?

                                   MR. MCCURRY: One more, Bill, and then we can.

                                   I'm doing this on behalf of Larry Haas, probably his last official act at C
                                   before going to work for the Vice President. But just so we have on the
                                   record
                                   so that people will see it, since we have confusion about this every year,
                                   what
                                   to do on Monday if you're interested in getting a copy of the Federal Bu

                                   On Monday, 0MB will release the President's budget for the Fiscal Yea
                                   1999.
                                   Distribution to members of the press will be only to those who display
                                   official
                                   press credentials, and that will occur between 8:00 a.m. and 10:00 a.m.«
                                   Monday, February 2nd, at the Government Printing Office.

                                   0MB will provide one free copy of each of the five budget documents t
                                   we make
                                   available every year; in other words, one free copy per news organizatic


    http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                  1/5/2010
34EDAB55.FIN                                                                                 Page 7 of28


                               And
                               members of the press may purchase additional copies of the budget
                               documents as
                               well. I think they're restricted to purchasing one additional if I understoc
                               correctly from Larry.

                               Everyone knows where GPO is. If you don't, it's down on 710 North Ca
                               Street. The five documents that we put out in connection with the budge
                               range
                               from the budget itself to the explanatory materials, the analytical
                               perspectives,
                               the historical tables, so forth, ranging in price from $62 for the big bana
                               the appendix; and $2.50 for the very user-friendly Citizen's Guide to the
                               Federal
                               Budget.

                               And in addition, the documents are going to be available on the Internet
                               8:00
                               a.m. And if you want more information on the Internet site and how to a
                               it,
                               please call 202-512-1530; toll free, 888-293-6498.

                               Q I'd like to renew the question then so we can get an answer on the off
                               transcript. What is the President’s comment, or your comment, to these
                               reports
                               that he met with Monica Lewinsky on December 28th here in the White
                               House to
                               discuss her possible testimony?

                               MR. MCCURRY: The President has made very clear that in answer to
                               questions on
                               this matter, that he has not told anyone to lie about this matter, and he's

                               it very clear that he had no sexual relations with this woman.

                               Q But that is not my question, Mike. Did he meet with Monica Lewinsk

                               MR. MCCURRY: You've heard me on this subject in the past several d;
                               I'm not
                               going to piecemeal respond to questions that have been raised.

                               Q It's a legitimate question, do you not agree?

                               MR. MCCURRY: And on that specific question, I don't have anything I
                               the
                               Counsel's Office that I can provide.

                               Q Let me ask you this. Monica Lewinsky left the White House employ i
                               April of
                               1996, and yet we have WAVES records which show that we was here o


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                   1/5/2010
34EDAB55.FIN                                                                                  Page 8 of28
    r


                               repeated
                               occasions between then and late last year, including, apparently, Decern
                               28th.
                               Why was she allowed to keep coming back if she had been removed fro
                               here?

                               MR. MCCURRY: I do not have any such WAVES records, and if CBS
                               News has them you
                               can report on them. But I don't have those records.

                               Q If I could just — I know I'm a visitor, but let me throw this out to you

                               MR. MCCURRY: Welcome.

                               Q If the meeting did not take place, the logs would reveal that. Releasin
                               logs would give us the answer. If it did take place, it obviously begs the
                               question again of the President's relation with Miss Lewinsky.

                               MR. MCCURRY: Again, I think Sam had asked me, I think only intend
                               ask me
                               once — but I'll repeat it for the record that we are not in a piecemeal fash
                               going to try to respond to each and every story that arises on this matter
                               There are no doubt going to be many, many stories in days and weeks al
                               and
                               the Counsel's Office elects to provide the President the opportunity to
                               respond
                               to these types of questions in the proper forum. The proper forum whicf
                               exists
                               at this point now is an inquiry by the Office of Independent Counsel anc
                               whatever
                               other legal venues are available.

                               Q Will it concern you if there is a story, a lot of stories that say you're
                               stonewalling?

                               MR. MCCURRY: Not if we are rallying around the Arkansan the way t
                               Confederacy
                               rallied around the Virginians at Bull Run.

                               Q The Confederacy lost. (Laughter.)

                               MR. MCCURRY: At that battle, Sam, they did not.

                               Q Well, Mike, does the President not feel that by not providing informal
                               he
                               is doing himself a disservice if, in fact, he has a story that will clear all
                               this up?

                               MR. MCCURRY: I think the President has asked of the American peop


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                    1/5/2010
34EDAB55.FIN                                                                               Page 9 of28


                               opportunity to address these matters in the proper forum, and I think he
                               encouraged that the American people will give him that opportunity.

                               Q Isn't the court of public opinion a proper forum to discuss these matte

                               MR. MCCURRY: The court of public opinion we hope will rely on fact
                               truth
                               that is developed through reasonable examination, cross-examination,
                               provision of
                               testimony. And we've already seen examples how sometimes allegation:
                               suggestions, leads can out-run the capacity to develop facts.

                               Q Mike, if you don't want us to rely on leaks, then do you expect us to v
                               until there is perhaps a trial before we see the WAVES records?

                               MR. MCCURRY: No, I just expect you to do what good news organizai
                               would
                               reasonably do, which is to report as accurately as you can based on fact!
                               information that you know.

                               Q How can we if we don't have this information?

                               MR. MCCURRY: Well, I think you all know the constraint that I'm lab<
                               under
                               here, and I don't want to belabor the pain and anguish I feel.

                               Q This isn't a personal thing. We're not —

                               MR. MCCURRY: I know, I know. But I mean —

                               Q — impugning your personal integrity.

                               MR. MCCURRY: I know. I understand that, Sam. I'm just saying that tl
                               the
                               judgment is that there has to be a proper forum in which you can bring c
                               and
                               present truth, and we can't do it in a fashion in which we are responding
                               cascade of allegations and stories and developments that — and sources
                               are
                               anonymous —

                               Q Well, let me ask you this, Mike. The President himself said the other •
                               that he would speak to the American people about this at the proper timi
                               The
                               First Lady in her first television interview said that he would do the sam
                               thing. In her second television interview she said, you won't be hearing
                               anymore
                               from him, from my husband. And we're not hearing anymore from you.

                               MR. MCCURRY: We all saw that, I think, and I know that you know tf


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                 1/5/2010
    34EDAB55.FIN                                                                                Page 10 of 28
c       r


                                   addressed all this yesterday. So I think I'll go back to my transcript
                                   yesterday.

                                   Q But, Mike, if on one hand you don't want to present a piecemeal
                                   explanation,
                                   at what point do you give a complete, overall view?

                                   MR. MCCURRY: Again, you've asked me this several times the last coi
                                   of days,
                                   and I think I gave you a good answer, and I'll go back to the transcript.

                                   Q Without answering the question whether or not --

                                   Q But you know the questions will keep coming.

                                   MR. MCCURRY: Well, of course they will. And we will just spend enc
                                   time
                                   trying to deal with endless questions. And I'm not going to be able to do

                                   Q — doesn't serve your purpose well, does it?

                                   MR. MCCURRY: I'm just not going to be able to do that.

                                   Q Without answering the question, did the President meet with Monica
                                   Lewinsky or
                                   not on December 28, can you tell us, do you know the answer to the
                                   question, yes
                                   or no?

                                   MR. MCCURRY: I do not know the answer to the question.

                                   Q Does White House counsel know the answer to the question?

                                   MR. MCCURRY: I do not know whether they know the answer. I woul
                                   presume so
                                   because they must have reviewed the material, any material that they w(
                                   provide responsive to the requests of the independent counsel.

                                   Q But help us understand, Mike, why that's such a sensitive, such a diffi
                                   question to ask. Did he have a meeting with her, or didn't he?

                                   MR. MCCURRY: You know it's not a difficult question to answer, yes <
                                   no, what
                                   happened on a particular day. That's not it. It's like, well, then what — if
                                   you would be satisfied that I could answer that — if you would let me an
                                   that one question and not have any follow-ups, that would be a different
                                   matter.
                                   I just don't think you're ever going to be in that position.

                                   Q Okay, no follow-ups. (Laughter.)


    http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                  1/5/2010
    34EDAB55.FIN                                                                                  Page 11 of 28
w


                                    Q If we agree -

                                    Q She speaks for herself. (Laughter.)

                                    Q It's a deal.

                                    MR. MCCURRY: Apparently, someone in the White House did
                                    anonymously answer the
                                    question. But I'm not in a position to do it and I will tell you, I do not kr
                                    the answer.

                                    Q You keep saying that you're constrained. I don't understand what you'
                                    constrained by.

                                    MR. MCCURRY: Okay, well, David, you asked me that a lot yesterday
                                    I
                                    answered as best I could. I can't do it better than I did yesterday.

                                    Q Why is the Clinton administration weighing protecting Secret Service
                                    agents
                                    from potentially testifying in this case?

                                    MR. MCCURRY: I'd have to ask that you direct that question to the Sec
                                    Service. I don't know exactly the reason why. I've seen some reporting I

                                    reporting on that subject, but the White House itself has not taken any ft

                                    position with respect to what position the Treasury or the Secret Service
                                    should
                                    take on that matter. We have always -- and you've heard me before say 1

                                    deferred to the judgment of those who are professionally responsible foi
                                    protecting the President when they look at the technical and specific
                                    questions
                                    related to what kind of security they provide and what kind of environm
                                    they
                                    need to provide the most effective security.

                                    Q May I just follow? Do you feel that it would compromise their ability
                                    protect the President if they're exposed to this sort of testimony?

                                    MR. MCCURRY: I'm not an expert on that and I think they are in the b<
                                    position to address that.

                                    Q Has the President invoked executive privilege in response to any of tl
                                    subpoenas from Mr. Starr?

                                    MR. MCCURRY: I have not heard of any request from the independent
                                    counsel that


    http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/jan 1998/34edab55 .html                   1/5/2010
    34EDAB55.FIN                                                                                Page 12 of 28
1      ♦


                                   has engendered any discussion of executive privilege by counsel.

                                   Q Mike, I understand you don't want to tell us about the exact nature of
                                   relationship between the President and Lewinsky, can you tell us what ti
                                   relationship was between Lewinsky and Betty Currie?

                                   MR. MCCURRY: I'm just not going to characterize things that might
                                   properly be
                                   under the venue or the purview of the independent counsel.

                                   Q Mike, the President's attorney asked to push up the Jones' trial. Starr t
                                   has asked more or less for it to be delayed indefinitely because he claim

                                   discovery is interfering with his investigation. Do you have reaction to I
                                   moves today that counter yours?

                                   MR. MCCURRY: I don't know indeed for a fact that he has done that, b
                                   any
                                   event that would, I suspect, be a matter that would be adjudicated before
                                   judge in that case and I would leave it to the parties in that litigation to
                                   express their views.


                                   Q Mike, do you wish to dispute any of the facts reported today by The ?
                                   York
                                   Times and Washington Post?

                                   MR. MCCURRY: I've already indicated I don't have anything for you o
                                   either of
                                   the stories.

                                   Q I'm Jeremy Thompson from Sky News.

                                   MR. MCCURRY: Well, welcome, nice to have you here today.

                                   Q Thank you very much. British Prime Minister Blair is visiting the
                                   President
                                   next week. I wondered how much the President is looking forward to th
                                   and how
                                   concerned he might be that these allegations could prove a distraction ai
                                   undermine the value of that visit?

                                   MR. MCCURRY: There will be tremendous high value in that visit for .
                                   number of
                                   reason. First and foremost, the President enjoys a very close working
                                   relationship with the Prime Minister. Second, we are pursuing at this tin
                                   number of very important matters with the government of the United
                                   Kingdom,
                                   including how we respond to the situation in Iraq, how we make further
                                   plans for


    http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                   1/5/2010
34EDAB55.FIN                                                                                Page 13 of 28


                               developing a deep peace in Bosnia, how we address all the questions rel
                               to
                               the future of NATO that you heard the President talk about in his State (

                               Union address the other night.

                               The President and the Prime Minister have been directly engaged by
                               telephone
                               just in the last several days on the question of Northern Ireland. And by
                               way, on that, we welcome the British government's announcement todaj
                               establishing
                               an official communication to make an independent inquiry into the
                               circumstances
                               of Bloody Sunday, the terrible tragedy that took place, as I think many c
                               you
                               recall, 26 years ago.

                               This is an important and timely initiative to come to terms with the past
                               to
                               help the people of Northern Ireland look to the future and to the
                               reconciliation
                               that they seek as they now negotiate the terms of a peace that we hope v
                               bring
                               an end to the troubles and bring those peoples the peace they fervently
                               desire.
                               The President's work with the Prime Minister on that issue alone is one
                               example
                               of the kind of partnership that they have developed, and that will be
                               something
                               that they will explore at length when they meet next week.

                               But they will also discuss personally what goes on and the situations tha
                               they
                               both encounter as they provide effective leadership to their peoples. Am
                               the
                               statement I just read indicates, we have — the President has a great deal
                               admiration for the political courage of Prime Minister Blair. This inquir

                               he has launched is something that I think was no doubt difficult to do an
                               speaks
                               to his devotion to the peace process and his determination to advance th
                               peace
                               process forward. And I suspect very much the Prime Minister will want
                               talk to
                               the President about the President's situation. I'd be surprised if he didn't.

                               Q Mike, I know this issue pales in significance, but the First Lady and F
                               Raines are going to talk about the District today at 2:00 p.m. They're go
                               to
                               provide some economic help. But there has been a denial of democratic


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                   1/5/2010
    34EDAB55.FIN                                                                                Page 14 of 28
V       r


                                   rights or
                                   a usurpation of democratic rights by legislation by the Republican-contr

                                   Congress. Is the President ever going to speak to the restoration of
                                   democracy
                                   in the District of Columbia, or is it just going to be more money every y

                                   MR. MCCURRY: He no doubt will and I would not be surprised that to
                                   when the
                                   First Lady and when Director Raines and others talk about the type of
                                   assistance
                                   that will be available from the federal government for the District, they'1

                                   about the fundamental right that the citizens of the District have to
                                   democratic
                                   representation.

                                   Q But will that be followed up with pieces of legislation or with contact

                                   Mr. Faircloth or Mr. Taylor in terms of - or the Speaker in terms of - if
                                   administration, I guess what I'm saying, going to introduce legislation tl
                                   will
                                   rectify what happens this summer -

                                   MR. MCCURRY: I would have to look further and see if that is someth
                                   in
                                   fact, that the administration is exploring. I have not heard that. But I wil
                                   say one thing, that that the type of assistance that we are providing and 1
                                   initiatives the President will propose with respect to the District of Colu
                                   are designed to get this city in the shape that the President suggested it
                                   should
                                   be in Tuesday night, and get this city in a position where it can manage
                                   fiscal affairs prudently and wisely, and restore the kind of sense of
                                   responsibility that people expect of the leadership of the District so that
                                   can have the full-fledged democratic rights to which the citizens of the
                                   District
                                   are truly entitled.

                                   I think these are not disconnected issues. I think that, in fact, making sm
                                   that the District can thrive economically is part of the equation of restor
                                   sense of democracy and purpose to the governance of the District.

                                   Q Mike, the campaign finance investigation was and is an ongoing crim
                                   grand
                                   jury investigation. Yet you folks released piecemeal a lot of White Hom
                                   records in that case. Can you explain why you didn't feel similarly
                                   constrained
                                   then as you do now?

                                   MR. MCCURRY: Because they are two different situations. In the case


    http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                   1/5/2010
    34EDAB55.FIN                                                                               Page 15 of 28
       *>
y


                                   the
                                   campaign finance discussions, there were ongoing procedures on Capitc
                                   Hill.
                                   There were, I think, fairly combative hearings that were being held in th
                                   Senate
                                   and then in the House. I mean, it's an entirely different situation, as is
                                   probably obvious to you.

                                   Q Mike, what you're saying, though, is that the criminal investigation is
                                   what's
                                   constraining you. And the question is, if the criminal investigation is
                                   constraining you now, why didn't it concern you before?

                                   MR. MCCURRY: David, that's not what I'm saying. And what I said on
                                   subject, as I told you a moment ago, I told you yesterday.

                                   Q Charlie Trie has been in town --

                                   MR. MCCURRY: I don't have any reaction to that. The Justice Departn
                                   has
                                   just issued a statement.

                                   Q Mike, on the issue of Iraq, has the President considered any kind of
                                   address
                                   to the nation on the issues involved?

                                   MR. MCCURRY: I think the President, of course, addressed the nation
                                   Tuesday
                                   night and made very clear our intent and objective with respect to Iraq a
                                   what
                                   we seek in terms of our overall objectives. We want to thwart Iraq’s cap.
                                   to
                                   develop and use weapons of mass destruction. We want to limit Saddarr
                                   Hussein's
                                   ability to project force and to threaten his neighbors. That will remain th
                                   President’s objectives as he pursues diplomacy. It will remain his object

                                   he speaks, as he will today, about what next steps we must consider and
                                   contemplate. And at any appropriate time, if the President, as Command
                                   Chief,
                                   deems necessary, I'm sure he'll want to take his case to the American pe

                                   Q I wonder, Mike, if you'd care to comment on the story in today's
                                   Washington
                                   Post about these very graphic allegations involving Kathleen Willey anc
                                   President.

                                   MR. MCCURRY: I do not.

                                    Q Vernon Jordan has be subpoenaed in this matter and it may be that th<


    http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                  1/5/2010
34EDAB55.FIN                                                                                 Page 16 of 28
    «>


                               President will eventually be asked to give some testimony. In light of th
                               has
                               the President and Vernon Jordan continued to talk about this matter witl
                               each
                               other? Is it proper for them to do so?

                               MR. MCCURRY: I know that they are very close friends and they talk 1
                               time to
                               time, but the subject of their discussions I do not know.

                               Q Well, do think — would you take the question of the President's — wh<
                               it's proper under the circumstances to continue to discuss this matter wit
                               Vernon Jordan?

                               MR. MCCURRY: That's an entirely hypothetical question that I will no
                               take.

                               Q Well, not at all.

                               MR. MCCURRY: Mike, despite the President's -- the controversy arour

                               President, his poll ratings continue to rise to record levels. Why do you
                               that's so?

                               MR. MCCURRY: I think in part because he gave a great speech Tuesda
                               night and
                               poll numbers, I think, are very elastic in responding to whatever stimuli
                               come
                               along. But I also think that the American people have thought very cleai
                               about
                               this and heard a lot about it in the last couple days and I think that they 1
                               the President deserves some opportunity to present his argument in the
                               fashion
                               that will allow the truth to prevail and to emerge.

                               Q How do you think that will be done? How will it be done eventually?
                               Through
                               his lawyers? How will it be done?

                               MR. MCCURRY: Well, I have no better answer to that then the dozen c
                               times
                               you've asked in the last couple of days.

                               Q Mike, let me follow that if I could.

                               Q Mike, to what extent, following up on Susan's question, what extent a
                               is
                               your handling of this whole situation driven by poll numbers?

                               MR. MCCURRY: I don't think --1 don't understand the question I guess


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                   1/5/2010
    34EDAB55.FIN                                                                              Page 17 of 28
V


                                   Q Well, to what extent are your decisions about responding to our quest
                                   and
                                   how the President will ultimately respond, as he said, sooner rather than
                                   later,
                                   with more rather than fewer answers, driven by what you're reading in tl
                                   polls?

                                   MR. MCCURRY: Very little, if you judge what I read about all the inte
                                   deliberations between the political people and the legal people at the W1
                                   House.

                                   Q Is that true?

                                   Q The poll numbers also show, Mike, that over the past week or so, the
                                   percentage of people believing the allegations has declined somewhat. I
                                   wonder


                                   MR. MCCURRY: I don't know that to be a fact. If you -- is that true?
                                   Anyone
                                   else — I'm not sure that's true. That is true? Good. But anyhow, the poim

                                   Q What they seem to show is the percentage of people who say it doesn
                                   matter
                                   if he's had a sexual relationship with this young woman has risen.

                                   MR. MCCURRY: I guest the percentage of people who believe me, I he
                                   has
                                   remained steady. The percentage of people interested in hearing me has
                                   surely
                                   declined. (Laughter.)

                                   Q You've told us very carefully that you don't know things. You have m
                                   it
                                   clear that you are out of the loop.

                                   MR. MCCURRY: I am out of the loop. I'm not even sure --

                                   Q Which may be the best position for you to be in -

                                   MR. MCCURRY: I'm not even sure on this matter there is a loop.

                                   Q Mike, you had an abortion clinic bombing in Birmingham this mornir
                                   Last
                                   year, there was a bombing of a clinic in Atlanta. That crime is still unso
                                   The two may have nothing to do with one another but does the Presiden
                                   it's
                                   time to step the federal investigation of these crimes?


    http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                 1/5/2010
    34EDAB55.FIN                                                                               Page 18 of 28
       4
V


                                   MR. MCCURRY: The President will have a statement shortly that will
                                   strongly -
                                   it is already? Okay. So, he obviously has strongly condemned the violer
                                   that
                                   occurred. He thinks that this bombing is an unforgivable act that strikes
                                   the
                                   heart of the constitutional freedoms and individual liberties that all
                                   Americans
                                   hold dear and that are protected.

                                   Very clearly, one of the reasons that he signed into law legislation that r

                                   it a federal crime to interfere with a woman exercising her constitutiona
                                   right
                                   to visit a women's health center is so that the full weight of federal law
                                   enforcement can be brought in an effective way when a situation arises :
                                   which
                                   that is called for or entertained or agreed to by federal law enforcement
                                   officials, working in close cooperation with state and local officials. An,
                                   indeed, federal agents are already in Birmingham to assist local law
                                   enforcement
                                   officials there to make sure that the perpetrators of this crime are brougl
                                   justice.

                                   Q Mike, several times from this podium you've been very critical of the
                                   President's opponents for alleging conspiracies on any number of topics
                                   from
                                   Vince Foster to the Mena airport, on the basis of innuendo and without
                                   evidence
                                   or facts. Why is it different than the President and First Lady alleging a
                                   wing conspiracy, so far on the basis of no facts?

                                   MR. MCCURRY: Well, I think that there are some facts and some of th
                                   have been
                                   reported even in your newspaper about sequence of events and things h<
                                   come up.

                                   Q But you didn't articulate any and you declined to articulate any yester
                                   when we asked you on that.

                                   MR. MCCURRY: I think you actually carried a very good story yesterd

                                   exactly that subject.

                                   Q Mike, can you explain. A sequence of events and a conspiracy are tw<
                                   different things.

                                   MR. MCCURRY: They had a good story on it, and if you have a copy,
                                   provide
                                   you one.


    http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                  1/5/2010
34EDAB55.FIN                                                                                Page 19 of 28


                               Q He's asking you, Mike. That's a fair question.

                               Q I mean, the question is that you've condemned people for making
                               statements on
                               the basis of innuendo. And she alleged a very specific right-wing conspi

                               not just with opponents, but specifically with Ken Starr, but presented n
                               evidence for that.

                               MR. MCCURRY: You all have reported in recent days on the chain anc
                               sequence of
                               events that brought some of these allegations to light. I think that's prett
                               clear record.

                               Q Is that what a conspiracy is - a sequence of events, when two people
                               situation might know each other? That's a conspiracy?

                               MR. MCCURRY: I think when people — that story would, I think, woul
                               have been
                               very well reported in the last couple of days about how things have com
                               about.

                               Q - what a conspiracy is.

                               Q But you say you disbelieve some of our reports? Are you saying you
                               believe
                               these reports?

                               MR. MCCURRY: Sure, why not.

                               Q You said that you're out of the loop. Who is in the loop to speak to thi
                               public?

                               MR. MCCURRY: There is not a loop available for us to use to respond
                               these
                               questions. And I think that's pretty clear. And I think that if there was -
                               there was going to be that loop, I would be in it. But I think ultimately,
                               people want to hear from the President on this. And the President is not
                               position to do that now, so we play bust the pinata up here every day.

                               Q A serious question. You talk about your own pain and anguish. Is this
                               uncomfortable situation where you would like to say more?

                               MR. MCCURRY: You obviously know the answer to that.

                               Q What is it?

                               Q You talk about a loop that is not available for us to talk to right now.'
                               you give us any sense if there are any more people joining that loop, pec


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                   1/5/2010
34EDAB55.FIN                                                                              Page 20 of 28
    A


                               the
                               President used to deal with and is now bringing in but we haven't yet
                               mentioned?

                               MR. MCCURRY: No. I am only aware that he has retained Mickey Kar
                               but we
                               told you about that over the weekend. I'm not aware that he has formally
                               added
                               anyone else to his legal team.

                               Q What about Harry Thomason, how can he talk to the President withoi
                               being in
                               danger of having every conversation subpoenaed?

                               MR. MCCURRY: I don't know what kind of conversations he's had. He

                               President's friend and he's been here in recent days, but I don't know wh
                               they've talked about.

                               Q Mike, on the relationship — the question of the relationship between
                               Lewinsky and Betty Currie, can you at least say that they had some sort
                               relationship?

                               MR. MCCURRY: I do not know the answer to that. I don't know what 1
                               of
                               relationship they had.

                               Q Do they know each other?

                               MR. MCCURRY: I do not know.

                               Q Mike, Governor Romer last night said that the DNC plans to depend i
                               more
                               heavily on Gore between now and midterms. Is there any similar plan at
                               White
                               House to put Gore forward a little more?

                               MR. MCCURRY: Yes, he's going to start doing the daily briefing. It's v
                               good. (Laughter.)

                               Q Do you like the way he's shouting?

                               MR. MCCURRY: He's going to do that. Actually, I wish he'd -- maybe
                               come
                               down here and say, come stand by Mike McCurry. (Laughter.)

                               Q I thought the boy was on speed last night.

                               MR. MCCURRY: Sam. You know our view on that kind of -


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                1/5/2010
     34EDAB55.FIN                                                                               Page 21 of 28
        I*
vr


                                    Q Well, he was energetic.

                                    Q On occasion, the counsel here, Mr. Ruff, has been in touch with some
                                    the
                                    President's personal attorneys. Are those conversations privileged in a
                                    client-attorney relationship, or are Mr. Ruffs conversations not subject 1
                                    any
                                    kind of privilege?

                                    MR. MCCURRY: Ann, that's a question that I'll ask Mr. Lockhart — I'll
                                    that question and ask Mr. Lockhart to pursue that. There has clearly bee
                                    litigation in front of the courts on exactly that kind of question. I know
                                    Chuck
                                    Ruff to be a superb attorney and I know that he has worked hard under
                                    difficult
                                    circumstances on this issue, and I'm sure that whatever work he's done i
                                    consistent with his obligations under law and consistent with the desire •

                                    President's other attorneys to protect the privilege rights and the Preside
                                    has
                                    as a client and as an individual. But how exactly that is done and what tl
                                    legal interpretation is is a question I don't want to haphazard a guess at.

                                    Q Mike, you say that people want to hear from the President. Given this
                                    ongoing
                                    criminal investigation, can you envision the President being able to talk
                                    the
                                    American people until that's over?

                                    MR. MCCURRY: The way this thing is eight days into this story, and il
                                    had
                                    asked me nine days ago would we be sitting here talking about this toda
                                    would have been impossible to imagine. So I think it is equally impossil

                                    imagine how things will unfold in coming days and weeks.

                                    Q — have a press conference?

                                    Q Yes, that's my question. Are you still going to have a full-fledged pre:
                                    conference with Tony Blair?

                                    MR. MCCURRY: I am. But I think that you can all easily imagine that i
                                    President is not going to entertain questions on this subject and not goin
                                    be
                                    able to provide you with many answers if you want to persist in asking.

                                    Q Wendell spoke of the numbers of people believing the President goin;
                                    Also
                                    the numbers of people who think that the media has done a poor job or i
                                    covering


     http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                  1/5/2010
     34EDAB55.FIN                                                                                 Page 22 of 28
■J


                                    this too much, that's also gone up, too. Is that part of the White House
                                    strategy, to be critical of the media --

                                    MR. MCCURRY: Yes. Part of the White House strategy is to have me c
                                    out here
                                    every single day and bore people senseless with the answers that I give •
                                    this
                                    matter. (Laughter.)

                                    Q You're not boring us.

                                    Q No, this is very enlightening. (Laughter.)

                                    MR. MCCURRY: Look, I think that people make their judgments basec
                                    what they
                                    think is right and what they think is fair, and I'll leave it to them to deck
                                    how you're doing your job.

                                    Q Mike, the President could come out and say, I did not meet with Mon
                                    Lewinsky on December 28. He could end it.

                                    MR. MCCURRY: Sam, that would not end it, and you know that would
                                    end it.
                                    That's disingenuous to say that.

                                    Q People would have his word.

                                    Q This notion that we're all going to stand up and ask him all these ques

                                    next Wednesday or whenever the press conference with Blair is, and he'
                                    going to
                                    say over and over again, I never told anyone to lie, I never had impropei
                                    sexual
                                    relations and that's going to - it's like name, rank and serial number. Is i
                                    going to be - how is that going to be helpful?

                                    MR. MCCURRY: Well, it will be of necessity if all the things given tha
                                    answered our friend from across the way about what they are going to tt
                                    about
                                    at this meeting and if you want to persist in asking questions that you kr
                                    at
                                    the beginning of the news conference he's not going to be able to answe
                                    think
                                    the question about why the public has some of these concerns about the

                                    might present themselves.

                                    Q Mike, his refusal to answer questions doesn't mean that he can't answ<
                                    them.


     http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                    1/5/2010
34EDAB55.FIN                                                                                   Page 23 of 28


                               MR. MCCURRY: You're right, he can't — if he believes that he can't an:
                               them
                               and then is in a position where he does not answer them or refuses to an
                               them, they are not necessarily the same, but they are clearly directly
                               connected.

                               Q Mike, the last couple of times the President has had bilateral news
                               conferences in order to keep it from being swamped with sort of scanda
                               related
                               questions — I'm thinking in Brazil and actually when he was in London
                               Tony
                               Blair the last time -- he's come out trying to clear the air a little bit so th;
                               he doesn't have the sort of spectacle of side-by-side -

                               MR. MCCURRY: Why did you have to remind me of that painful mem

                               Q It's seared in my own memory.

                               MR. MCCURRY: It clearly didn't work when we tried to do it, so I dou
                               we'll
                               try that again.

                               Q Well, now, wait a minute. You've had time to refine it. You could try
                               (laughter.)

                               MR. MCCURRY: I could try to do a little better the next time around? I
                               didn't
                               work — let's put it that way.

                               Q It did work with Blair the last time.

                               MR. MCCURRY: Well, it didn't work and I can’t imagine it would worl
                               these
                               circumstances.

                               Q You're right, it won't work this time. (Laughter.)

                               MR. MCCURRY: That's right. Thank you, Sam. I'll stipulate that -- that
                               went
                               in the record — it's D-O-N-A-L-D -

                                Q How is Ms. Currie bearing up?

                                MR. MCCURRY: She's an extraordinarily fine person and I think as she

                                swarmed the other day, you saw how she looked, and she looked awfull
                                frightened
                                at that moment.


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                      1/5/2010
34EDAB55.FIN                                                                                Page 24 of 28


                               Q Is he back on the job?

                               Q Is she at work?

                               MR. MCCURRY: She's a decent person who didn't deserve to be in a
                               position where
                               she was frightened.

                               Q Is she back at work?

                               MR. MCCURRY: Yes.

                               Q Mike, how does the obviously enthusiastic response the President got
                               yesterday, how will you factor that into deciding whether or not — how i

                               questions to answer, when to answer them? Does it tell you that
                               stonewalling,
                               while it may not work, is uncomfortable here —

                               MR. MCCURRY: If I could illuminate any of that, I would. It's kind of
                               can't illuminate that right now.

                               Q Did it give you any clues?

                               MR. MCCURRY: Any clues as to what?

                               Q As to what the public wants to know, what the public is demanding tc
                               know,
                               whether or not we represent the public's interest or not.

                               MR. MCCURRY: I don't think that one speech in middle America or in
                               Wisconsin
                               tells you a whole lot about things like that. I think you have to use the b<
                               judgment that you can bring at the time and move on.

                               Q Mike, are you considering limiting your daily briefings?

                               MR. MCCURRY: Limiting in what fashion? Clearly, not. (Laughter.)

                               Q Like not having them every day?

                               MR. MCCURRY: No. I mean, I've got to be here. There are days where
                               don't
                               do briefings, when we've got something like a State of the Union addres
                               something. But 1 show up here pretty regularly, regardless of the
                               circumstances.
                               That's fair to say, right?

                               Q What's the President's view of the Air Force pilot yesterday who ran i
                               the


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                   1/5/2010
34EDAB55.FIN                                                                               Page 25 of 28


                               mud? (Laughter.) No, seriously.

                               MR. MCCURRY: He's got an enormous amount of respect for those fol
                               And that
                               particular episode, why it happened, it didn't bother the President and I
                               suspect
                               that the crew involved feel worse about it than the President does, to be

                               Q The President did get big and friendly crowds yesterday when he was
                               the
                               road. Do you think he's going to choose to go on the road again?

                               MR. MCCURRY: Of course. Look, we travel a lot. This President has b
                               out on
                               the road and out in the country more so than some of his predecessors, I
                               believe.
                               Is that right, Helen? That's fair to say.

                               Q Quite a bit.

                               MR. MCCURRY: Quite a bit. And I suspect he will in the future, neces:

                               constrained by the extensive foreign travel schedule we have this year. I
                               wouldn't be surprised if, for example, when we do something like unvei
                               budget he then goes out and speaks to it on the road. But it's not going t<
                               any different than it would have been this time last year, in which we di>
                               much
                               the same kind of thing. We get out and try to talk to Americans.

                               Q Monday, Tuesday? In other words, the budget is Monday, right?

                               MR. MCCURRY: That was a hint that I dropped.

                               Q Right. But where is he going on Monday or Tuesday?

                               MR. MCCURRY: It's always good to let a little rabbit out that people ci
                               chase.
                               You will be especially happy at where he's going.

                               Q Tucumcari, New Mexico? Roswell?

                               MR. MCCURRY: I didn't say a thing. No, we don't need to go there bee
                               we
                               were in the flying saucer yesterday. (Laughter.)

                               Q — a question on presidential travels. A lot of the travels we've had the
                               pleasure of making over the last year have been for campaign dinners, v
                               the
                               President was raising money for various candidates. Are we going to ha
                               lot


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                  1/5/2010
34EDAB55.FIN                                                                                Page 26 of 28
   4*


                               of these in the future, or are those diminished now because the Presiden

                               MR. MCCURRY: I suspect we will have a lot of them. I haven't heard c

                               change in our plans. At the same time, I don't know what the specific —
                               were projecting ahead several months, a day here, a day there, in which
                               were
                               going to be taking some outside trips for that purpose. But I haven't heai
                               any —

                               Q There's not a decline in interest of -

                               MR. MCCURRY: No, I haven't heard of any change. I think Chairman
                               Grossman was
                               reporting on some of that today. You might want to give him a call.

                               Q Mike, on travel, is the Africa trip still on?

                               MR. MCCURRY: Did we ever announce it?

                               Q Yes, you did.

                               MR. MCCURRY: We finally did? All right. Yes.

                               Q Mike, I didn't understand your question to Wendell a bit back. Charlie

                               was one of the President's closest personal friends, gave a lot of money
                               had
                               to be returned to his legal defense fund. Are you saying the President ha
                               reaction to his indictment?

                               MR. MCCURRY: I'm saying that he has been indicted. That has just be,
                               announced in a statement by the Justice Department, and the White Hou
                               will
                               defer a comment because it is now a legal proceeding and the Justice
                               Department
                               statement will speak for itself.

                               Q Mike, do you have any more on the substance and the format of the B
                               trip?
                               Will there be a Camp David aspect to this thing? And will there also be
                               discussion with Blair as the President of the European Union?

                               MR. MCCURRY: We don't have all of the elements that I can specify a
                               point. I can tell you that they plan to spend a significant quantity of time
                               together. Clearly, it's the arrival, the meetings they will have, the dinner
                               that they have the night before — Thursday night — and obviously they j
                               to
                               speak to all of you on Friday. And I suspect, given how closely they wo
                               together, they will try to find some other settings in which they can sper


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                  1/5/2010
34EDAB55.FIN                                                                                Page 27 of 28


                               time.


                               But we are working hard with the Embassy in developing a proper prog)
                               that we
                               can publicly release, and when I can do so I shall consult with the Prime
                               Minister's official spokesman, the PMOS, and see if we can coordinate <
                               statements. Mine will be in the name of the official White House spokes

                               Let me do a couple more. You guys can leave any time, like an hour age

                               Q Now that Congress is back, is there any plan for the President to meet

                               the Democratic leaders, either on the Hill or here?

                               MR. MCCURRY: Not in the immediate future, but certainly we will be
                               working up
                               an agenda with them. I wouldn't be surprised if they get together someti
                               relatively soon.

                               Q A related question - is there any effort by the President or by his aide
                               consult with Democrats on the Hill to make sure they feel informed abo
                               side
                               of this controversy and remain supportive?

                               MR. MCCURRY: Yes, I think there is a strong desire to consult with th
                               but I
                               think that the folks who work on that are as necessarily constrained as I
                               in
                               some respects. So I don't know that it's entirely satisfactory for those on
                               Hill, because they're not in any better position to get information that th<
                               seek than many of you.

                               Q Are you urging congressional Democrats not to jump to conclusions,
                               to come
                               out against the President?

                               MR. MCCURRY: Of course. And I think that they have now seen that i
                               think
                               it's fair to say that is a predominate attitude of the American people,
                               apparently, and I think that that will give members of Congress some
                               comfort,
                               that they can wait for the proper settings in which the truth can be presei

                               Q Two minutes ago you said that the President probably would discuss i
                               difficulties with the Prime Minister when he's here. If he does, why doe:
                               he
                               talk to the American people about it?

                               MR. MCCURRY: I would suggest that would be done in more of a pers


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                   1/5/2010
34EDAB55.FIN                                                                              Page 28 of 28


                               way, but
                               not in any great explication of detail, which is what I think you're most
                               interested in. I don't think you're interested in emotive pronunciations.

                               Q Well, wait a minute. What would he talk to the Prime Minister about''

                               MR. MCCURRY: If they talk about this, I'm sure we'll give you a splen
                               readout at the proper time.

                               Q The Prime Minister couldn't be subpoenaed, could he, if it's not a
                               privileged
                               conversation? (Laughter).

                               Q Thank you, thank you.

                               MR. MCCURRY: Boy, that is a question for the State Department Offic
                               Legal
                               Advisor.

                               END

                                1:32 P.M. EST


                               26


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/janl998/34edab55.html                 1/5/2010
34FE5F7E.FIN                                                                      Page 1 of 12
t


Exchange Mail


    DATE-TIME                  2/9/98 4:56:02 PM
    FROM                       Wozniak, Natalie S.
CLASSIFICATION                 UNCLASSIFIED
SUBJECT                        RBTP on Social Security [UNCLASSIFIED]
TO                             Crowley, Philip J.
                               Dehqanzada, Yahya A.
                               Luzzatto, Anne R.
                               Rubin, Eric S.
                               Wozniak, Natalie S.
                               Benjamin, Daniel
                               Blinken, Antony J.
                               Gray, Wendy E.
                               LaFleur, Vinca S.
                               Leavy, David C.
                               Naplan, Steven J.
                               Widmer, Edward L.
                               Miyaoka, Lester H.


    CARBON COPY

    TEXT BODY                  Remarks by the President
                               RBTP on Social Security


    TRANSLATED ATTACHMENT
                               Social Security.doc
                               THE WHITE HOUSE

                               Office of the Press Secretary


                               For Immediate Release February 9, 1998


                               REMARKS BY THE PRESIDENT
                               ON SOCIAL SECURITY


                                Gaston Hall
                                Georgetown University
                                Washington, D.C.


                                10:53 A.M.EST


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe5f7e.html      1/5/2010
34FE5F7E.FIN                                                                                Page 2 of 12


                               THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much. Special thanks to those of yc
                               who had to
                               wait all night to get in. (Laughter.) Hope you won't be disappointed.
                               (Laughter.)

                               Mr. Vice President, Father O'Donovan, to all the groups here who are
                               concerned
                               with Social Security, especially to Congressman Penny and the Concorc
                               Coalition,
                               and John Rother and the AARP, I thank you all for being here.

                               I thank Senator Bob Kerrey, who when he cast the decisive vote for our
                               budget in
                               1993 said that he would do so only if I were also committed to dealing c
                               the
                               long-term structural problems of Social Security, to heal the deficit then
                               well. I thank Gene Sperling and the members of my staff who worked v*
                               us on
                               this. And thank you, Mannone Butler, for embodying what this struggle

                               about. Weren't you proud of her? She did a great job I think. Thank you
                               much. (Applause.)

                               When I first ran for President six and a half years ago now, I came to thi
                               hall
                               to set out my vision for 21st century America, and a strategy for achievi

                               Often in the years since I have come back here to discuss our nation's m
                               demanding challenges. And on many occasions, but none more relevant
                               today,
                               I have recalled the assertion of my freshman professor in the history of
                               civilizations course, Carroll Quigley, that the distinguishing characterist
                               Western civilization in general and the United States of America in part
                               is
                               what he called future preference - the idea that the future can be better 1
                               the present or the past; that each of us has a personal, moral responsibili
                               work to make it so, to plan for it, to work for it, to invest for it.

                               There is no better example of that principle for the strength of America
                               the opportunity and the duty all of us as Americans have now to save Sc
                               Security for the 21st century. So today I return to discuss what we have

                               to achieve that and why it is so important.

                               You know, there was a recent poll which said that young people in the
                               generation
                               of the students here felt it was far more likely that they would see a UF(
                               than
                               that they would draw Social Security. (Laughter.) And others may think


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe5f7e.html                  1/5/2010
34FE5F7E.FIN                                                                                  Page 3 of 12


                                it's a long way off, as Mannone said, and the Vice President said he thoi
                                it
                                was a long way off.

                                A couple of days ago I went to New Mexico to visit our national labs —
                                may
                                have seen the story. And our national labs at Los Alamos and Sandia an
                                Lawrence
                                Livermore, where we do a lot of the research that not only helps us to
                                preserve
                                the security of our smaller and smaller nuclear arsenal, but helps us to d
                                with our environmental questions and a lot of other fascinating challeng
                                the
                                future. But anyway, after I finished this, I had lunch with a few of my
                                friends,
                                including a man that I went to Georgetown with. And at the end of the 1
                                he
                                whipped out this photo and gave it to me, and we were sitting in a park
                                together,
                                about a week after I graduated in 1968. And 1 looked at that photo and I

                                my goodness, where did all the time go? It seems like it was yesterday t


                                I say that to make this point: It may seem a long way away from the tim

                                now — where you are until you will need retirement. It may seem a long
                                away
                                before most of your parents need retirement -- but it isn't. And great soc

                                plan over long periods of time so that individual lives can flower and tai
                                root
                                and take form. And that is what we have to do today.

                                Social Security is a lot more than a line in the budget. It reflects some ol
                                our deepest values - the duties we owe to our parents, the duties we ow
                                each
                                other when we're differently situated in life, the duties we owe to our
                                children
                                and our grandchildren. Indeed, it reflects our determination to move for
                                across the generations and across the income divides in our country, as <
                                America.

                                Social Security has been there for America's parents in the 20th century.
                                I
                                am determined that we will have that kind of security for the American
                                people in
                                the 21st century. We are entering this new millennium, the new century.

                                restored confidence — the Information Age, a growing global economy,


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe5f7e.html                   1/5/2010
34FE5F7E.FIN                                                                                    Page 4 of 12


                               they're
                               changing the way we live and work. And the scope and pace of change,
                               it
                               may seem commonplace to those of you who have grown up with it, bul
                               people my
                               age it is still truly astonishing. And I can tell you, it is without historical
                               precedent.

                               For a long time our country failed to come to grips with those changes a
                               we
                               paid the price in a stagnant economy and increasing inequality among o
                               working
                               families, in higher child poverty, in record welfare rolls, higher crime ra
                               other deepening social problems. Before the present era we had only rur
                               budget
                               deficits, and the deficit I think came to symbolize what was amiss with 1
                               way
                               we were dealing with the changes in the world. We had only run budget
                               deficits
                               for sound economic reasons — either because there were some overwhel
                               need to
                               invest or because there was a recession that required stimulation of the
                               economy,
                               or because there was a national emergency like war. The idea that we w
                               just
                               simply have a structural deficit and run one year in and year out was uni
                               of.
                               But that is exactly what has happened throughout your lifetime.

                                And it got so bad in the 1980s that between 1981 and 1992 the total deb
                                the
                                country was quadrupled — quadrupled — in a 12-year period, over and a
                                the
                                previous 200 years. That raised interest rates. It took more and more tax
                                money
                                away from investments in education, for example, or the environment tc
                                interest on the debt. It slowed economic growth and it definitely
                                compromised
                                your future.

                                Five years ago I determined that we had to set a different course, to mo\
                                past
                                the debate that was then paralyzing Washington and, frankly, didn't haw
                                much to
                                do with the real world, between those who said government was the ene
                                those
                                who said government was the solution and as long as you can fight aboi
                                something, then you don't have to get down to the nitty-gritty of dealing

                                the real problems.


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe5f7e.html                     1/5/2010
34FE5F7E.FIN                                                                                  Page 5 of 12


                                When the British Prime Minister was here last week, Tony Blair, we stn

                               that we both think, and many other leaders increasingly around the worl
                               beginning to think that this debate is fruitless and that there has to be a t
                               way - that 21st century government, Information Age government, mus
                               smaller,
                               must be less bureaucratic, must be fiscally disciplined and focus on bein
                               catalyst for new ideas and giving you and all other Americans the tools
                               need
                               to make the most of their own lives.

                               For five years we have reduced the size of the deficit, reduced the size o
                               government, dramatically reduced the budget deficit by over 90 percent,
                               continued to invest in your future. And in very dramatic ways that's chai
                               the
                               experience of going to college.

                                Student loans that are guaranteed by the government have been made le;
                                expensive and easier to repay. There are hundreds of thousands of more
                                Grant scholarships, 300,000 more work-study slots. AmeriCorps has alh

                                100,000 young people to earn money for college while serving in their
                                community.
                                There are now tax-free IRA accounts for college education. Last year w^
                                enacted
                                the HOPE Scholarship, which is a $1,500 tax credit for the first two yea
                                college. And then there's a lifetime learning tax credit for junior and sen
                                years for graduate schools and for adults who have to go back for furthe
                                training. For the first time in history, while reducing the deficit by 90
                                percent, we can honestly say if you're willing to work for it, whatever y<
                                circumstances, you can go on to college in the United States, and that is
                                very
                                important achievement.

                                Now, all of these things have worked together to give us the strongest
                                economy
                                in a generation — almost 15 million new jobs, the lowest unemployment
                                in 24
                                years, the lowest inflation rate in 30 years, the highest homeownership i
                                history, average incomes rising again. I've submitted to Congress for 19
                                the
                                first balanced budget in 30 years. All that is a remarkable achievement,
                                as I said, we have to be thinking about the future. And all of you know t
                                greater or lesser degree of specificity, every one of you know that the S(
                                Security system is not sound for the long-term, so that all of these
                                achievements
                                - the economic achievements, our increasing social coherence and cohe
                                our
                                increasing efforts to reduce poverty among our youngest children - all (


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe5f7e.html                    1/5/2010
34FE5F7E.FIN                                                                                  Page 6 of 12


                               them
                               are threatened by the looming fiscal crisis in Social Security.

                                Today I want to talk about what it is and how we propose to deal with it

                                as the Vice President said, we should use the economic good times. Tha
                                saying that you don't wait for a rainy day to fix the roof is good for us tc
                                it's very sunny outside. And on this sunny day, we should deal with Soc
                                Security.

                                In very specific terms, we've got a great opportunity because it is projec
                                that we stay with the present budget plan, that taking account of the fact
                                we won't always have the greatest economic times as we've had now — 1
                                will
                                be times when the economy will grow faster, times when it will grow sL
                                we
                                may recessions — but structurally, we have eliminated the deficit, so tha
                                over
                                time we should have a balanced budget, and over time, most times we si
                                be
                                running a surplus now if we stay with the discipline we have now over t
                                next
                                couple of decades.

                                Now, if that's so, it is now estimated that with normal ups and downs in
                                economic growth, over the next 10 years, after 30 years of deficits, that
                                United States will have a budget surplus in somewhere in the range of a
                                trillion
                                dollars in the aggregate over the next 10 years. 1 have said before we sp<

                                penny of that on new programs or tax cuts, we should save Social Secur
                                first.
                                I think it should be the driving principle of this year's work in the Unitec
                                States Congress — do not have a tax cut, do not have a spending prograr

                                deals with that surplus - save Social Security first.

                                That is our obligation to you and, frankly, to ourselves. And let me expl
                                that. This fiscal crisis in Social Security affects every generation. We nc
                                know that the Social Security trust fund is fine for another few decades,
                                if
                                it gets in trouble and we don't deal with it, then it not only affects the
                                generation of the baby boomers and whether they'll have enough to live
                                when
                                they retire, it raises the question of whether they will have enough to liv
                                by unfairly burdening their children and, therefore, unfairly burdening tl
                                children's ability to raise their grandchildren. That would be unconscion
                                especially since, if you move now, we can do less and have a bigger imj
                                especially since we now have the budget surplus.


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe5f7e.html                    1/5/2010
34FE5F7E.FIN                                                                                   Page 7 of 12


                               Let me back up just a minute, mostly for the benefit of the young people
                               the
                               audience, to talk a little bit about the importance of this effort. It's hard
                               for even people in my generation to understand this, much less yours. B
                               early
                               in this century, to be old meant to be poor. To be old meant to be poor.r
                               vast majority of people over 65 in America early in this century were In
                               in
                               poverty. Their reward for a lifetime of work, for doing right by their
                               children,
                               for helping with their grandchildren, unless their kids could take care of
                               them,
                               was living in poverty.

                                If you ever have a chance you ought to read some of the books that have
                                thousands of letters that older people sent to President Roosevelt, beggii
                                him,
                                in the words of one typical letter writer, to eliminate — and I quote - "th
                                stark terror of penniless, helpless old age." That's what prompted Presid'
                                Roosevelt to launch the Social Security system in 1935, to create what h
                                called
                                the cornerstone of a civilized society.

                                Now, for more than half a century Social Security has been a dramatic
                                success.
                                If you just look at the first chart over here on the right, you will see that
                                1959 - I don't see as well as I once did -- (laughter) - the poverty rate
                                among
                                seniors was still 35 percent. As recently as 1959, still over a third of sen
                                lived in poverty. By 1979, it had dropped to 15.2 percent. By 1996, it he
                                dropped to 10.8 percent.

                                To give you an idea of the profound success of the program over the las
                                years — as you know, there have been increasing number of children bei
                                raised
                                in single-parent households, where the incomes are not so high — the ch
                                poverty rate in America is almost twice that. But no one can begrudge tl
                                So
                                the first thing we need to say is, Social Security has succeeded in ending
                                stark terror of a penniless old age. And that is a terrific achievement for
                                American society.

                                Now, it's also known, however, that the changes that are underway toda

                                place great stresses on the Social Security safety net. The baby boomers
                                getting grey. When my generation retires — and I'm the oldest of the bat
                                boomers; I was bom in 1946, I'm 51 - and the generation is normally h(
                                run
                                for the 18 years after that, that's normally what people mean when they ■
                                about the baby boomers — it will dramatically change the ratio of worke


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe5f7e.html                    1/5/2010
34FE5F7E.FIN                                                                                   Page 8 of 12


                                earners, aggravated by increasing early retirements and other things, off
                                by
                                gradual increase in the Social Security retirement age enacted back in 1 ‘
                                So
                                if you look at that, that's the second chart here.

                                In 1960, there were 5.1 Americans working for every one person drawir
                                Social
                                Security. In 1997, there's still 3.3 people working for every one person
                                drawing
                                Social Security. In 2030, the year after the Social Security trust fund
                                supposedly will go broke unless we change something, at present projec
                                retirement rates — that is, the presently projected retirement age and san
                                rates - there will be two people working for every one person drawing
                                Social
                                Security.

                               Now, if you look at that plus the present investment patterns of the fund
                               which are designed to secure 100 percent security and, therefore, get a
                               somewhat
                               lower return in return for 100 percent security for the investments, that's
                               what
                               will cause the problem. So if you look at the presently projected retirem
                               and
                               the presently projected returns, that will cause the problem.

                                It's very important you understand this. Once you understand this, you
                                realize
                                this is not an episode from the X Files, and you're not more likely to see
                                UFO
                                if you do certain specific things. On the other hand, if you don't do anytl
                                one of two things will happen — either it will go broke and you won't ev
                                get
                                it; or if we wait too long to fix it, the burden on society of taking care oi
                                generation's Social Security obligations will lower your income and low
                                your
                                ability to take care of your children to a degree most of us who are your
                                parents
                                think would be horribly wrong and unfair to you and unfair to the future
                                prospects of the United States.

                                So what's the bottom line? You can see it. Today, we're actually taking i
                                lot more money from Social Security taxes enacted in 1983 than we're
                                spending
                                out. Because we've run deficits, none of that money has been saved for
                                Social
                                Security. Now, if you look at this little chart here, from 1999 forward w
                                be
                                able to save that money -- or a lot of it, anyway. We'll be able to save a
                                of it that will go into pure surplus in the budget. It can be invested. But


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe5f7e.html                    1/5/2010
34FE5F7E.FIN                                                                                 Page 9 of 12


                               other things will have to be done, as well. That will not be enough.

                               And if nothing is done by 2029, there will be a deficit in the Social Sect
                               trust fund, which will either require — if you just wait until then — a hug
                               tax increase in the payroll tax, or just about a 25 percent cut in Social
                               Security benefits. And let me say today, Social Security — I want to put
                               in, too, because I want you all to start thinking about this — Social Secui
                               was conceived as giving a floor for life. It is not enough to sustain the
                               standard of living of almost any retiree retiring today.

                                So you also will have to make provisions for your own retirement savin;
                                and
                                you should start early when you go out and go to work, with a 401 (k) pl

                                whatever. But this is what is going to happen unless we change, if we cl

                                now we can make a big difference.

                                I should also point out that Social Security also goes to the spouses of pi

                                when their widowed. Social Security also goes to the disabled. There's a
                                Social
                                Security disability program. Cassandra Wilkins, who's here with us, wh<
                                Vice
                                President recognized, ran the Social Security disability program for me
                                I
                                was governor. It's a very important program. But all of these things shoi

                                seen in terms of these economic realities.

                                Now, again I say, if we act soon, less is more. If we can develop a const
                                as a country to act soon we can take relatively modest steps in any numl

                                directions to run this 2029 number well out into the future in ways that a
                                keep Social Security's role in providing some retirement security to peoj
                                without unfairly burdening your generation and your ability to raise you
                                children to do that. And I can tell you, I have had countless talks with b;
                                boomers of all income groups and I haven't found a single person in my
                                generation
                                who is not absolutely determined to fix this in a way that does not unfai:
                                burden your generation. But we have to start now.

                                We have to join together and face the facts. We have to rise above
                                partisanship, just the way we did when we forced the historic balanced
                                budget
                                agreement. This is — as you can well see, this is reducible to stark
                                mathematical terms. This need not become a partisan debate. Oh, there (
                                to
                                be a debate, a good debate on what the best way to invest the funds are.
                                There


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe5f7e.html                   1/5/2010
34FE5F7E.FIN                                                                                 Page 10 of 12


                                ought to be a good debate on what the best trade-offs are between the
                                changes
                                that will have to be made. But it ought to be done with a view toward m

                                America stronger and, again, preserving the ties that bind us across the
                                generations.

                                I have asked the America Association of Retired Persons, the AARP, a
                                leading
                                voice for older Americans, and the Concord Coalition, a leading voice f
                                fiscal
                                discipline, to organize a series of four nonpartisan regional forums this }
                                The Vice President and I will participate. I hope the Republican and
                                Democratic
                                leadership will also participate. I was encouraged that Speaker Gingrich
                                the other day that he felt we should save the surplus until we had fixed t
                                Social Security first.

                                The first forum, which will set out before the American people the full r

                                of the problem — essentially, what I'm doing with you today with a few

                                details — will be in Kansas City on April 7th. Then in subsequent ones v
                                will
                                hear from a variety of experts and average citizens across all ages. It is >
                                important to me that this debate involve young people — very important
                                because
                                you have a huge stake in it and you need to imagine where you will be a
                                what
                                kind of investment patterns you think are fair for you and how you think
                                is
                                going to play out over the next 20, 30, 40 years. We want people of all a
                                involved in this.

                                This national call also will spread to every corner of the country, to evei
                                member of Congress. There are other private groups which have to play
                                role.
                                The Pew Charitable Trust has launched a vital public information campi

                                Americans Discuss Social Security. On March 21st, I will help kick off
                                first
                                of many of their town hall meetings and teleconferences.

                                Now, when we go out across the country and share the information and
                                people's ideas — then, at the end of the year in December, I will convene
                                historic White House Conference on Social Security. And then, in a yea
                                will
                                call together the Republican and Democratic leaders of the House and S
                                to
                                begin drafting comprehensive, bipartisan landmark legislation to save th


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe5f7e.html                    1/5/2010
34FE5F7E.FIN                                                                                  Page 11 of 12


                                Social
                                Security system.

                               This national effort will require the best of our people -- and I think it w
                               get the best of our people. It will ask us to plan for the future. It will ask
                               us to be open to new ideas, not to be hide bound and believe that we car
                               the
                               future through the prism of the past. But it will ask us to hold on to the c
                               values that lifted our senior citizen from the burden of abject poverty to
                               dignity of a deserved good, solid old age.

                                Keep in mind, most of you who are sitting out here can look forward to

                               expectancy well into your 80s. Most of you, by the time you get to be m
                               age, if
                               you live to be my age, your life expectancy will probably be by then 90
                               more.
                               We're going to have to rethink this whole thing. But we have to do it wi
                               view towards preserving the principles and the integrity of our society,
                               binding
                               us together across the generations and across the income divides.

                                We can do this. President Roosevelt often called us to the spirit of bold,
                                persistent experimentation. We will have to do that. But he also remindc
                                that our greatest challenges we can only meet as one nation. And we mu
                                remember that. With our increasing diversity, and the way we work and
                                and
                                our racial and ethnic and other backgrounds — religious backgrounds —
                                still
                                have to be, when it comes to treating people with dignity and fulfilling c
                                obligations to one another, one nation.

                                Acting today for the future is in some ways the oldest of American tradi

                                It's what Thomas Jefferson did when he purchased the Louisiana Territc
                                and sent
                                Lewis and Clark on their famous expedition. It's what Abraham Lincoln
                                when
                                at the height of the Civil War, he and the Congress took the time to estal
                                a
                                system of land grant colleges, which revolutionized the future of Amerii
                                It's
                                what we Americans did when, in the depths of the Depression, when pe,
                                were
                                only concerned about the moment, and 25 percent of the American peop
                                were out
                                of work, our Congress and our President still took the time to establish i
                                Social
                                Security system, that could only take flower and have full impact long a
                                they


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe5f7e.html                    1/5/2010
34FE5F7E.FIN                                                                               Page 12 of 12


                               were gone.

                               That is what we do when we do best — what Professor Quigley called "f

                               preference." What I prefer is a future in which my generation can retire,
                               those
                               who are not as fortunate as me can retire in dignity, but we can do it in z

                               that does not burden you and your ability to raise our grandchildren. Bei
                               I
                               believe the best days of this country lie ahead of us if we fulfill our
                               responsibilities today for tomorrow.

                               Thank you very much. (Applause.)

                               END

                                11:21 A.M. EST


                                10


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe5f7e.html                  1/5/2010
34FE6299.FIN                                                                       Page 1 of 14


Exchange Mail


DATE-TIME                      2/9/98 6:14:15 PM
FROM                           Wozniak, Natalie S.
CLASSIFICATION                 UNCLASSIFIED
SUBJECT                        February 9 Sperling Press Briefing [UNCLASSIFIED]
TO                             Crowley, Philip J.
                               Dehqanzada, Yahya A.
                               Luzzatto, Anne R.
                               Rubin, Eric S.
                               Wozniak, Natalie S.
                               Benjamin, Daniel
                               Blinken, Antony J.
                               Gray, Wendy E.
                               LaFleur, Vinca S.
                               Leavy, David C.
                               Naplan, Steven J.
                               Widmer, Edward L.
                               Miyaoka, Lester H.


CARBON COPY

TEXT_BODY                      Press Briefing
                               February 9 Sperling Press Briefing


TRANSLATEDATTACHMENT
                               Sperling0209.doc
                               THE WHITE HOUSE

                               Office of the Press Secretary


                               For Immediate Release February 9, 1998


                               PRESS BRIEFING BY
                               GENE SPERLING


                               The Briefing Room


                                1:17 P.M. EST


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe6299.html        1/5/2010
34FE6299.FIN                                                                                  Page 2 of 14


                               MR. TOIV: Good afternoon, everybody. We are going to start off today
                               a
                               briefing by Gene Sperling on the President's Social Security initiative. X

                               sort of done this once, but nobody was able to pay attention to it, and so
                               we're
                               going to do it again. So Gene ought to be helpful to you on that.

                               Q Is there anything you think we don't know about it already?

                               MR. TOIV: Yes.

                               Q What?

                               MR. TOIV: Well, Gene is going to let you know that. And after Gene g<
                               we're
                               going to have our three-headed monster sort of brief you in place of Mil
                               who,
                               as you all know, is in the Northeast today. And what we're going to try £
                               do
                               is Ann, of course, will brief on foreign policy stuff; Joe will brief on sor
                               the matters that he's been handling lately; and I'll sort of clean up the res
                               And so we'll try to do the briefing in such a way that we don't keep wall
                               back
                               and forth here. We won't hold you all to that, but let's try and do it in soi
                               sort of order that way.

                               And let's start with Gene.

                               MR. SPERLING: Helen, thanks for the rousing reception, enthusiasm.

                               Q There are a few other things on the plate.

                               MR. SPERLING: Not that are important to more people's lives than Soc
                               Security.

                               Q I grant you that.

                               MR. SPERLING: Thank you. The President in his State of the Union,
                               essentially
                               announced a three-part announcement which was, number one, that all c
                               future
                               surpluses should be reserved until there was a comprehensive Social Sei

                               solution, until we know how much of those surpluses might be needed t
                               part of
                               that Social Security long-term solution; that secondly, that the following
                               months
                               should be a period in which we elevate the Social Security challenge; ar
                               that,


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe6299.html                   1/5/2010
34FE6299.FIN                                                                                 Page 3 of 14


                               number three, that we have a strong commitment to actually getting
                               legislation
                               done, starting in January of '99.

                               Today was a kickoff for that second part, the elevating the Social Securi
                               challenge, and doing so through education, through creating public and
                               political
                               pressure for action, and through a careful effort to try to keep this debatt
                               balanced and bipartisan during this time period, so there truly is the
                               capability
                               for the type of bipartisan atmosphere next year that will allow us to have
                               chance of getting Social Security reform completed.

                               The President at that day - or in our briefings announced that in an effo
                               make sure elevating the Social Security challenge was balanced and fair
                               had
                               asked the Concord Coalition - which is, as many of you know, started
                               initially
                               by Paul Tsongas and Warren Rudman and Pete Peterson, and now also
                               includes Sam
                               Nunn and Tim Penny as leaders and has been a main force for fiscal
                               discipline —
                               would be one of the co-sponsors as well as the AARP.

                               Today we announced that the first of those would be on April 7th in Kai
                               City.
                               The President also announced that he would kickoff the Pew Foundatioi
                               effort
                               - their calling Americans to discuss Social Security. They are spending

                               than $10 million on an effort to elevate this. And March 21st is a 10-city
                               interactive teleconference in 10 cities. And the President will go there ai
                               kick that off.

                                Q The President didn't say whether he would go to Kansas City.

                                MR. SPERLING: He will. The President will attend the first forum in
                                Kansas
                                City. And we are doing outreach and hope that members of the Republic
                                leadership and the Democratic leadership would also attend. The Speakc

                                called for similar types of forums and has spoken supportively of the no
                                of
                                saving Social Security first, or using the surplus first to see how much -
                                saving it to see how much is needed for Social Security. But we have tai
                                with
                                many people and we're hoping to have a very significant turn out, or at 1
                                support and participation for.

                                Q Where is he going March 21st to kick off the Pew thing?


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe6299.html                   1/5/2010
34FE6299.FIN                                                                                  Page 4 of 14


                               MR. SPERLING: It would actually be -- he'd be doing that from satellit
                               from
                               here, which is where the linkage is for the 10 cities.

                               Today, the President also went through a few of the main issues. I think
                               today, in my memory, was the first time a President of the United States

                               gave a speech where he laid out in detail a coming entitlement challenge

                               Social Security, and laid out very specifically what the nature of the
                               challenge
                               is. I think that is significant and I think, obviously, in speaking to a colk
                               campus, trying to send the message that this is not about simply the non
                               politics of entitlements that we have seen often over the last decade, but
                               about
                               a real effort at generational equity, at fixing this problem in a way that
                               supports the retirement security of people in the future, but does so in a
                               preventative way so that it's not dealt with in a crisis at a later time in w
                               it may require significant burdens on people trying to both raise their
                               children
                               and support the Social Security system at a later point.

                               Let me just quickly note the things that he mentioned. Social Security ir
                               1959,
                               one of the charts he had, was at — I'm sorry -- in 1959, the poverty rate 1
                               elderly Americans in our country was at 35.2 percent. That was largely
                               because
                               Social Security had not really spread to the public in a general way. Not
                               enough
                               people were fully - had fully worked enough to get the benefits, nor hat
                               had
                               the disability protections that we have now. So from 1955, when there v
                               7.5
                               million people in Social Security, to 25 million in 1970, there are now 4
                               million, including 7 million who get help from the disability part of Soc
                               Security.

                               That was one of the charts that the President showed, ad that explains w
                               the
                               poverty rate for elderly Americans has gone from 35.2 percent to 15.2
                               percent in
                               1979. It was 12.9 percent in 1992, and is now at 10.8 percent.

                               Let me mention something I don't know if the President did mention, bu
                               think
                               it shows the power of Social Security. The elderly poverty rate is 10.8
                               percent.
                               If you were to simply subtract Social Security the elderly poverty rate w
                               jump to 48 percent. So, but for Social Security, the poverty rate of elder


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe6299.html                    1/5/2010
34FE6299.FIN                                                                                 Page 5 of 14


                               Americans would jump from 10.8 percent to 48 percent, which shows I
                               very
                               powerfully its significance.

                               The President also talked about the fact that essentially that is because S

                               Security is a commitment of people working today to ensure retirement
                               those
                               retiring now -- on the commitment that the future work force will do the
                               same.
                               And the problem that we have that he tried to show quite graphically on
                               chart
                               is that while in 1960 there were 5.1 percent workers for every person
                               retiring,
                               that has now gone to 3.3 people working per retiree. And by the year 20
                               there
                               will be only 2 workers for every person retiring. And that is very much 1
                               heart of the problem and the reason that there is a need to fix that now.

                               The other chart that the President showed showed that the Social Securi
                               becomes insolvent in 2029. Essentially the problem comes even quicker
                               in
                               2012 in which the receipts coming into the Treasury are less than the be

                               are not enough to cover the benefits going out. Because there is still inte
                               coming into the Social Security trust fund, the Social Security trust fund
                               continues to improve to 2019. At that point, the receipts coming in plus
                               interest are not enough to cover the benefits going out to Social Securitj
                               recipients. So that at that point in 2019, the Social Security trust fund
                               becomes depleted; until 2029 it is not able to pay a benefits or would ha
                               pay out over that period only 75 percent of benefits.

                               And so this is a serious matter and it is a serious issue to try and elevate
                               this debate in a way that we can do this in 1999. Some of the biggest thr
                               to
                               Social Security reform will be the temptation of elected officials to kick
                               can down the road, that no matter what we do, that they will feel that thi

                               problem that can be dealt with later and that every Congress will kick th

                               down the road another year, another two years, until rather than prevent
                               crisis, we have a crisis.

                               And if you look at what we have done by making a national effort to ele
                               the
                               challenge, by saying that none of the surplus can be used for other funds
                               sources or priorities until Social Security is dealt with. We are very, I th
                               carefully trying to put pressure on our political system to try to deal witl

                                issue over the next two years. And the President's speech today will be t


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe6299.html                  1/5/2010
34FE6299.FIN                                                                                  Page 6 of 14


                               first of many efforts by this administration to push out that message.

                               Q How much support do you have from the Republicans, in addition to
                               Gingrich?

                               MR. SPERLING: Well, I think, as the Post article and others have show
                               think
                               that the President's announcement at the State of the Union on saving Sc
                               Security first has fundamentally changed the political debate. I think if j
                               look just in the prior weeks, you had a prominent Republican calling foi
                               using
                               $200 billion of the surplus for tax cuts. You have, 1 think several people
                               the Democratic Party as well looking at options, I think, for using the su

                               for either tax cuts or spending programs. You have both Democrats and
                               Republicans looking at the surplus as a way of solving highway needs, i

                               think with the President's simple declaration that none of the surplus she
                               be
                               used until we have fixed Social Security, I feel that the debate has very i

                               shifted and, in fact, most of the debate now has been more on what wou
                               happen
                               with a hypothetical tobacco legislation.

                               And I do think one should not underestimate that prior to the State of th
                               Union
                               we were seeing almost the beginning of a feeding frenzy on how the sur
                               would
                               be used for various different priorities, and that because of the President
                               declaration we now have close to a consensus that our surplus should be
                               saved
                               until we fix Social Security.

                               Q Gene, the President was saying today whaf s wrong with Social Secur
                               talking about the problems. When will he offer his ideas about what a
                               solution
                               to this problem is? A lot of people think he's got a lot of political capital
                               now, maybe he should spend some of that by standing up and offering a

                                MR. SPERLING: Well, the President asked us to think through how he

                                actually pass Social Security reform. I think that — certainly, I think our
                                economic team would be capable of coming up with a decent plan that I
                                could
                                support.

                                But the question is will it lead to Social Security reform, or what best w
                                increase the prospect of Social Security reform? It is our opinion — and
                                maybe


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe6299.html                   1/5/2010
34FE6299.FIN                                                                                 Page 7 of 14


                               right or wrong — but it is our opinion that creating an atmosphere where
                               there
                               could be a bipartisan centrist solution to Social Security is the best hope
                               that happening. And it is our concern and the concern of many, many ot

                               and I would ask you to ask other people who care about Social Security
                               reform
                               about this - but it is their and our concern that were the President or on<
                               the major leaders to come out with a specific detailed plan prior to the
                               election, that it carries with it the risk that that would become a source o
                               political gunfire prior to the election and that that could actually reduce
                               rather than increase the prospects of Social Security reform.

                               If our calculation on that were to change at some point, that would chan
                               our
                               view. But right now I think the best thing we could do is use this year to
                               to have the kind of atmosphere we had in '97 in the balanced budget
                               agreement,
                               where we I think helped create an atmosphere where we could get togetl
                               and come
                               up with a bipartisan plan that might be harder for any person to do alone

                               And I'd just say we had $400 billion of Medicare savings over 10 years,
                               don't
                               believe that if either the Democrats or Republicans had made that their
                               platform
                               in '97, that that would have happened. I think what happened is that we
                               able to work together and come up with that at one time in a way that th
                               was
                               significant buy-off.

                               Q You said that in the past you used the budget surpluses to pay down tl
                               national debt while you were waiting for a solution on Social Security. I

                               use it to pay down the national debt, how do you then retrieve the surph
                               if
                               you decide you need them to shore up Social Security?

                               MR. SPERLING: I'm glad that you asked that because there's been a lot
                               think confusion maybe on that. Partly that's because this topic of the tru:
                               fund is certainly a complex one. But let me try to be clear.

                               Our position was that nobody should pass legislation that drains the surj
                               no
                               one pass legislation that drains or spends the surplus until we know how
                               much of
                               the surplus is needed for a comprehensive Social Security plan. Under o
                               planning, under our prospects, we see that — we don't see a surplus in ar
                               significant form happening during the time period we are trying to get tl
                               done.


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe6299.html                   1/5/2010
34FE6299.FIN                                                                                  Page 8 of 14


                               So, in other words, our budget - our hope is to have Social Security ref
                               by
                               the end of fiscal year '99. So it is our -- we are trying to get this done on
                               timetable in which we do not believe - or we do not project that a surpl
                               would
                               have accumulated much at that time.

                               Now, the question is what if, in this time period, prior to the end of fiset
                               year '99 when we're trying to get Social Security reform, you're asking y
                               happens if the surplus does emerge. What would happen if there's no
                               legislation
                               is it just buys down the debt. And the question is if there was a decent
                               amount
                               of a surplus is there some mechanism in which you would try to save th;
                               keep
                               those savings available for the Social Security trust fund.

                               I guess my answer is, under our projections we're hoping that will not b<
                               necessary. But it is not inconsistent with our view, and if a surplus stark
                               accumulate and people thought that was a reasonable idea, it would cert
                               be
                               something we would be willing to consider. But the important thing is tl
                               under
                               any of these scenarios we shouldn't spend the money. I think if a few bil
                               of
                               that simply goes to paying down the debt while we're solving this probk
                               don't feel that's inconsistent with the President's proposal. But neither de
                               think it's inconsistent if others down the road see a surplus accumulating
                               while
                               we're still debating Social Security reform and want to come up with soi
                               form of
                               legislative device for saving or protecting that.

                               Q What's your answer to Republican criticism that if the President was i

                               very serious about saving Social Security first that money from the tax
                               settlement would be going to Social Security and not to all the various
                               programs
                               that you've delineated in the budget.

                               MR. SPERLING: I'm sorry, your question was?

                               Q The question is, Republicans have been critical, saying that if the Pre:

                               was very serious about saving Social Security first that money from the
                               settlement would be devoted to the Social Security trust fund and not to
                               various new programs that you delineated in the budget.

                                MR SPERLING: We are being consistent since the '92 campaign -- that
                                believe


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe6299.html                    1/5/2010
34FE6299.FIN                                                                                  Page 9 of 14


                               that you had to have an economic strategy that increased both public
                               investment
                               and private investment. You increased private investment by reducing tl
                               debt,
                               increasing more savings and, therefore, lower interest rates that spur pri
                               sector investment.

                               We've also always at the same time argued that you need more public
                               investment
                               in areas like education and training. And if you could do that in a fiscall
                               responsible way in which you paid for that, that was the right strategy. 1

                               the strategy we've had in every single budget. And so what we're saying
                               what the President said at this State of the Union, was that for anybody ’
                               has
                               new priorities — him or anyone else — they should continue to do it und<
                               that
                               discipline. And that discipline being that the discipline of the budget nil
                               the pay as you go budget rules - that if you're going to spend a dollar, y
                               paid for that dollar somewhere else. That's the discipline what we're livi
                               in.


                               What we can have now is a separate question of additional money comii
                               - not
                               money that somebody got from a budget cut or new revenue increase, bi
                               money
                               coming in because the strategy has been working and because we've hac
                               stronger
                               economy. And what we wanted to say there is let's not break our fiscal
                               discipline and essentially treat that as free money that you now break th<
                               budget
                               rules and start spending that for everyone's priorities. Let's realize that v
                               still have a major commitment on Social Security and reserve the funds
                               we
                               know how much of that may or may not be required to fix long-term So
                               Security.

                               Q Gene, the President made his speech today in front of college student:
                               opposed to a traditional Social Security lobby like AARP or something.

                               counting on the younger people in generating the momentum or someth
                               significant momentum over all of this?

                               MR. SPERLING: I think it's more that he wants to make clear what he t
                               to
                               say in the speech in the State of the Union when he said whether you're
                               50,
                               or just starting to put money in Social Security trust fund. I think he wai
                               make sure that when people hear him talking about Social Security that


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe6299.html                   1/5/2010
34FE6299.FIN                                                                                Page 10 of 14


                               don't
                               think that this is just about the temporary battles that people have seen g
                               on back and forth over the last 5-10 years on Medicare, Medicaid, or otl
                               issues, but that this is truly about long-term reform and wants to make s’
                               that
                               younger people understand that he — that this effort is about helping the
                               and
                               that somebody who is 33 today will turn 65 in 2029 and that they shouk
                               very
                               deeply about this, and that they should not feel that Social Security is as
                               likely to occur for them as seeing a UFO.

                               So I think he very much wants to make sure - and I think he said this to

                               that his message is an intergenerational message and that he speaks to b‘
                               the
                               young people, to baby boomers, and to older people. And I thought he s
                               eloquently today about the fact that people his age who are looking at th
                               retirement want to make sure Social Security is there for them, but not i)
                               way
                               that would make their children face such high tax burdens in the future 1

                               would be hard for them to support their own children.

                               So I think you'll see a conscious effort to have a Social Security fix that
                               fair in terms of generational equity, and that as his message goes out, he
                               making sure that he's trying to talk to different age groups and give then
                               very
                               much the same message as to why we should all care about this kind of
                               intergenerational justice.

                               Q Gene, it's not clear to me why you think the — or why the President th
                               the American people need a year to understand what the problem is witl
                               Social
                               Security. What is it you're trying to prepare the American people for dui
                               this year? Why not just call in the congressional leaders now and start w
                               on
                               this and not wait a year?

                               MR. SPERLING: Look, you have to make your best judgment. I consul
                               I
                               personally consulted with virtually every major group on this issue, and
                               of
                               them felt - the people surveying this, spending a lot of money, people tl
                               thought had good political judgment - that if you went into an issue like
                               and you tried to go forward immediately with reform before the Americ
                               people
                               fully understood the nature of the problem, before they had a chance to i
                               look
                               at that, that if you rushed into that in the middle of a political year, that


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe6299.html                   1/5/2010
34FE6299.FIN                                                                                Page 11 of 14


                               this could too easily become a subject for political cross-fire and that w<
                               would
                               end up setting the clock back.

                               So I understand that anytime you go out and you make a bold, specific
                               proposal
                               on any area you get nice feedback for a day or a week, but that wasn't th
                               question. The question is how can we actually get long-term Social Sect
                               reform. And it is our judgment that trying to elevate this debate and tryii
                               keep it bipartisan and trying to create an imperative for action and trying
                               keep that atmosphere during the period prior to the election creates the I
                               possibility that after the election there could be a chance for bipartisan a
                               long-term Social Security reform.

                               Certainly if a situation created itself earlier, if people came together we
                               certainly would not be opposed to that. We're simply making our best
                               judgment as
                               to what the best chances for getting that done. And I can say that it is a
                               judgment shared by groups across the political spectrum.

                               Q Gene, did you have any misgivings about doing these regional forumi
                               under the
                               imprimatur of the AARP? In the past they've been the ones vigorously
                               opposed to
                               entitlement reform. And although they say this time they're willing to
                               entertain
                               the idea, it may be that they're going to be opposed to the more aggressi
                               attempts at reform that may be necessary.

                               MR. SPERLING: Well, the thing you need to understand is that it's beir
                               done
                               jointly under the AARP and the Concord Coalition. So it is being done
                               jointly
                               under them. And what we were trying to do is to have two organization'
                                I
                               think are familiar to all of you that would be responsible for ensuring th
                               there is a sense of balance there.

                               So instead of one political party or the other putting on one of these fon.
                               in
                               which either people would be suspect that it was being tilted towards a
                               particular agenda or that it was too difficult to confront any of the serioi
                               issues because it would be seen as being read as indicating a position fo
                               against an issue - that if you put this in the hands of two groups that tog

                               people would view as balanced, that it would give people on both sides
                               the
                               aisle and of different views the confidence that these would be balanced
                               fair
                               and someplace they could go talk to.


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe6299.html                   1/5/2010
34FE6299.FIN                                                                                Page 12 of 14


                               You know, I should say that we will be working with many other group:
                               the
                               National Council of Aging, the Older Women's League, the National Cc
                               of
                               Seniors, the National Committee to Preserve Social Security and Medic;
                               with
                               Martha McSteen and Max Richtman - and certainly other groups that h
                               focused
                               more from the deficit reduction side like CSIS, which has been holding
                               forums on
                               this issue.

                               But no, I think that having two groups that are seen to people as represe:
                               different perspectives and who are committed to trying to make sure thii
                               are
                               balanced, I think that works. Certainly, we've gotten criticism from peoj
                               who
                               don't like the AARP and people who don’t like the Concord Coalition. E
                               our
                               argument is together they're an insurance policy that this will most likel;
                               as
                               balanced and fair as anything that you've probably seen recently in term

                               forum that you'd see the President or possibly Republican leaders go to.

                               Q Can we do this one last question? Gingrich last week asked the
                               administration
                               for specific legislative language on how to handle the reserve. You seen
                               be
                               saying today that, you know, people can suggest that themselves if they

                               that, you're not going to do it. Why would you not back up your own
                               proposal
                               with legislation?

                               MR. SPERLING: There's two questions -- let me just say - there's two
                               issues on
                               the surplus. One is if you have long-term Social Security reform, and th«
                               surplus was going to be used as part of that reform — so, in other words,
                               you
                               had a comprehensive Social Security solution and part of the solution w
                               using
                               the surplus, how would the surplus be used. On that, you've already heai
                               from
                               several different people in the political spectrum, different ideas. I don’t
                               think there's any shortage of ideas on how the surplus could be used.

                               Some have suggested that bonds could be — federal debt, rather than bei
                               retired, could be transferred to the Social Security trust fund to help


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe6299.html                  1/5/2010
34FE6299.FIN                                                                               Page 13 of 14


                               strengthen the Social Security trust fund. That is one idea that some hav
                               out. I believe that Bob Reischauer and Henry Aaron have at least been
                               talking
                               informally with people about whether money could be used - surplus cc
                               be used
                               for equity investments that could strengthen the surplus.

                               That obviously will be controversial with many people. Others, I think 1
                               Senator Gregg and others have said the surplus could be used to help a
                               transition
                               towards a partly pre-funded system. I am not — let me make clear — not
                               endorsing nor criticizing any of those. I am just saying that there are ma
                               suggestions already as to the mechanics as to how the surplus could be i
                               Our
                               opinion is that we should wait and see how the surplus or a portion of th
                               surplus fits into a comprehensive Social Security reform.

                               The second issue is, what if while we're waiting for Social Security refo

                               few billion dollars of surplus happens. That was the question I was aske
                               where
                               right now, by budget rules it would pay down the debt. And our view is
                               we
                               don't foresee that as being a significant problem because we're trying to
                               this done in the next year and a half, when we do not project there wouL
                               a
                               significant surplus.

                               But what I said was that if a surplus were to start accumulating before
                               had a
                               comprehensive Social Security trust fund, and some said it turned out th
                               there
                               was $20 billion or $25 billion dollars accumulating, rather than having t
                               pay
                               down the debt, they wanted to somehow keep that savings in play for lo
                               term
                               Social Security reform. My answer was we don't project that to be neces
                               but
                               if that situation arose it would not be inconsistent with our position. Ant
                               certainly would be willing to consider that that type of option — if the
                               situation arose and people thought it was necessary, to stay consistent w
                               our
                               save Social Security first pledge.

                               THE PRESS: Thank you.

                                END

                                1:45 P.M. EST


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe6299.html                  1/5/2010
    34FE6299.FIN                                                                      Page 14 of 14
*


                                   12


    http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/34fe6299.html        1/5/2010
3512B34B.FIN                                                                       Page 1 of 11


Exchange Mail


DATE-TIME                      2/26/98 6:19:52 PM
FROM                           Wozniak, Natalie S.
CLASSIFICATION                 UNCLASSIFIED
SUBJECT                        RBTP at DCCC Dinner (in San Francisco, CA) [UNCLASSIFIED]
TO                             Crowley, Philip J.
                               Dehqanzada, Yahya A.
                               Luzzatto, Anne R.
                               Rubin, Eric S.
                               Wozniak, Natalie S.
                               Benjamin, Daniel
                               Blinken, Antony J.
                               Gobush, Matthew N.
                               Gray, Wendy E.
                               Halperin, David E.
                               LaFleur, Vinca S.
                               Leavy, David C.
                               Naplan, Steven J.
                               Widmer, Edward L.
                               Miyaoka, Lester H.


CARBON COPY

TEXT BODY                      Remarks by the President
                               RBTP at DCCC Dinner (in San Francisco,
                               CA)


TRANSLATEDATTACHMENT
                               dccc dinner 0225.doc
                               THE WHITE HOUSE

                                Office of the Press Secretary
                                (San Francisco, California)

                                For Immediate Release February 25, 1998


                               REMARKS BY THE PRESIDENT
                               AT DCCC DINNER


                                Private Residence
                                San Francisco, California


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/feb 1998/3512b34b.html       1/5/2010
3512B34B.FIN                                                                                  Page 2 of 11


                                10:20 P.M. (PST)


                               THE PRESIDENT: Thank you. You know, that was a better speech thai
                               one I
                               was going to give. (Laughter.) Thank you, Bill. Thank you, Sally. I am
                               delighted to be here - it's a beautiful, beautiful place. It's been a great
                               dinner, interesting people. Thank all of you for being here and supportir
                               these fine candidates.

                               Thank you, Congressman Miller, and thank you, Nancy Pelosi, for bein;
                               here and
                               for your leadership. I told some people — we were just at a larger recept
                               over at the Fairmont, and I told the people there that the thing I really lil
                               about Nancy Pelosi was she'd been in Washington a long time and she s
                               had not
                               managed to become cynical. She's still full of energy and passion and
                               conviction. And we need more of that there.

                               I want to thank Mike and Lois for running for Congress. (Applause.) Th
                               are
                               prepared to make a not insignificant sacrifice in the quality of their life t
                               there and serve you. And they will serve us well.

                               Thank you, Mr. Mayor, for coming here, and thank you for going on
                               Politically
                               Incorrect and sticking up for me tonight. (Laughter.) It's truly strange th
                               that would be politically incorrect to do, but that's all right. (Laughter.)

                               I have a lot of friends here, but I want to say I'm especially glad to see E
                               and Lee Perry. Bill Perry is one of the finest public servants that has ser
                               the United States in my lifetime, one of the greatest Secretaries of Defei
                               we
                               ever had and I thank him for being here. (Applause.)

                               I'd also like to thank all of you in this room who have helped me and Hi
                               and Al and Tipper in our wonderful journey these last several years; anc
                               people of California, and the people of this community, in particular, ha
                               been
                               very, very good to us and I'm profoundly grateful. And to those of you
                               who've
                               helped us, especially on the technology issues over the last five years, I

                                you, too.

                                I was trying to think of what I ought to say tonight that you haven't alret
                                heard. One thing I thought, when Bill talked about what a meritocracy
                                Silicon
                                Valley was, and it didn't matter where you came from as long as you coi


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl 998/3512b34b.html                   1/5/2010
3512B34B.FIN                                                                                 Page 3 of 11


                               program
                               a computer - you know, you could become a partner. I thought, my Got
                               had
                               made my career there I'd be starving now. (Laughter.) Never has one so
                               technologically challenged tried so hard to do so much for high technok
                               in
                               America.

                               Our country is in good shape tonight and I'm very grateful for that. Whe
                               you
                               made that crack about how could you still be a Republican, I used to kic
                               Dole
                               about every time the stock market would go up another 100 points I'd sa
                               here I
                               am working to get you more money for your campaign. (Laughter.) It w
                               against
                               my self-interest, but I did it anyway. It was good for the country.

                               The country is in good shape. I hope that doesn't mean that we are feelir
                               complacent or that we're going to take our eye off the ball and become r
                               small
                               minded when we ought to become more large minded and more visiona
                               And that's
                               basically what I was trying to say in the State of the Union. And I feel -
                               glad that my fellow Democrats can go into this election cycle and say w
                               proved
                               that you could reduce the size of government and balance the budget am

                               invest more in education and health care and the environment.

                               We proved that you could have a partnership with business and still be
                               compassionate toward working people. We proved that you could be foi
                               creating
                               more jobs and still for giving people the support they need to succeed w
                               their
                               families at home - with child care and things like that. I'm glad we can
                               that. Or we can just reel the numbers off and say we've got the lowest
                               unemployment rate in 24 years, the lowest crime rate in 24 years, the Ic
                               smallest welfare rolls in 27 years, the lowest inflation in 30 years, the hi

                               homeownership in history.

                               But all that means is that more people have good life stories to tell. And
                               yet, if we think about the dynamism of this time - it's not true that the
                               society is changing as fast or as profoundly as the Internet is growing, ft
                               example. But it's changing about as fast or as profoundly as a human
                               organism
                               can change. And, therefore, we need to be thinking always about the fut
                               and
                               what we're doing to prepare for this new century we're about to enter. A


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/feb 1998/3512b34b.html                 1/5/2010
3512B34B.FIN                                                                                  Page 4 of 11


                               just like to mention three or four things tonight that I think are terribly
                               important.

                               First of all, it's important to keep the economy growing. It may be that
                               technology with good economic conditions will permit a higher level of
                               growth for
                               a longer period of time at lower levels of inflation than previously we h<
                               thought. That may be true. It will only be true if we are responsible. Am

                               of the things that to me has been most gratifying has been the public
                               response to
                               my insistence that we not start spending the surplus before it materialize
                               We've had a deficit for 30 years and, you know, as soon as the new year
                               came
                               around everybody had great ideas for how to spend the projected surplu;

                               Now, I do believe we have eliminated the structural deficit and I believe
                               we'll
                               get a balanced budget this year — if not this year, certainly next year. Ar
                               then it's projected that we'll have surpluses for several years thereafter, r
                               than a decade. And I hope that happens. And because there's no structur
                               deficit in the budget — that is, even if the economy slows down, and yot
                               know
                               when the economy slows down you get less tax money and you have to
                               more out
                               because there are more people unemployed — but over time, if there's nc
                               structural deficit we'll still have a balanced budget to a large surplus,
                               depending on how much growing.

                               There are a lot of people who want to start spending that right now in ta
                               cuts
                               or spending programs, and we should do neither. We certainly shouldn't
                               it, A,
                               until it materializes - the bird is not in hand yet. And, B, we should not
                               it until we have dealt with the long-term financial problems with the So<
                               Security system. We have some significant decisions to make. And I thi
                               it's
                               very important. (Applause.)

                               Now, what my goal is, is to spend this year having a non-partisan natior
                               process by which we discuss all the alternatives that are out there availa
                               and
                               then early next year we pass legislation which will basically take care ol
                               long-term stability of the system. Simultaneously, no matter what optioi
                               choose, by 2029 when the present trust fund is expected to run out of m<
                               and
                               start costing more money than the people are paying in every year in tax
                               we
                               will have to do some significant things. But no matter what we do, not r


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/feb 1998/3512b34b.html                  1/5/2010
3512B34B.FIN                                                                                   Page 5 of 11


                               and
                               not then will Social Security be enough for most Americans - the vast,
                               majority of Americans - to maintain the standard of living they enjoy o
                               they
                               retire. Therefore, we also have to find ways for people to save more and
                               prepare more for their own retirement. So we're going to be looking at a
                               of
                               interesting ideas in the Social Security system. And I hope all of you wi
                               enter that debate.

                               But as I said in the State of the Union address, it's literally true, there w<
                               a public opinion survey done last year which showed that most people u
                               25
                               thought it was more likely that they would see a UFO than that they woi
                               ever
                               draw a penny of Social Security. I don't want to discourage young peopl
                               from
                               watching the X-Files — (laughter) — but I think we have to somehow re^
                               that
                               perception. So that's the first thing I want to say.

                               And, by the way, we have a simultaneous effort going on now with
                               Medicare. We
                               have more than a decade of life on the Medicare trust fund. But, again, t
                               pure
                               demographics of the baby boom retirements and the fact that we're livin
                               longer
                               and accessing more high tech medicine mean that we're going to have tc
                               make some
                               changes in Medicare if we expect it to sustain itself well into the next
                               century.

                               It is well not to underestimate the good these programs have done. In IS
                               for
                               the first time in the history of our country, the poverty rate among peopl
                               over
                               65 was lower than the poverty rate of people under 65. When Social Sec
                               was
                               inaugurated, over 70 percent of the American people over 65 were livin;
                               poverty. Many of them were living in abject poverty. This is a terrific
                               achievement for our country. And while I have emphasized putting mon
                               emphasis
                               on the children in this country in poverty and more on their health care,
                               education, their nutrition, their well being, we do not want to give up thi
                               signal achievement that is really a mark of a decent society. And, yet, in
                               order
                               to avoid it we're going to have to plan for it and deal with the fact that rr
                               generation, the baby boomers - and I'm the oldest of them - when
                               everybody from
                               my age to 18 years younger crowds into the Social Security system, the


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl 998/3512b34b.html                   1/5/2010
3512B34B.FIN                                                                                   Page 6 of 11


                               Medicare
                               system, all this is going to change everything substantially.

                               And we owe it - and I don't know anybody - and most of the people I [
                               up
                               with are middle class people, more than half of them don't have college
                               educations, the people I went to high school with. And I was with a bun
                               them not very long ago and we all sat around the table and every one of
                               is
                               haunted by the idea that when we retire we would have to impose an
                               unwarranted
                               financial burden on our children and on their ability to raise our
                               grandchildren
                               in order to take care of us. Nobody wants that. And we have an opportm
                               now,
                               by acting now, to make relatively modest steps that will have relatively
                               impacts in the years to come if we do it. So that's the first and very impc

                               thing I want to say.

                               The second point I'd like to make is that we have a lot of work to do in t
                               country on education. And many of you have helped us in our goal of
                               hooking up
                               every classroom and library to the Internet by the year 2000. We're mak
                               good
                               progress on that. But consider the anomaly in the United States -- one ol
                               things that I could just feel during the State of the Union resonating witl
                               people at home was when I went through all the things we'd done to inc:
                               aid
                               to people who go on to college. Basically, now most Americans qualify
                               $1,500 tax credit, tax reduction for the first two years of college and a U
                               credit for junior and senior year in graduate school. And there are more
                               Grant scholarships at higher income levels. There are education IRAs, y
                               can
                               deduct the interest on the student loan. The people that are in our direct
                               program can get cheaper college loans with better repayment terms. The
                               are
                               300,000 more work study slots out there.

                               It's literally true today that if you're willing to work for it, you can go to
                               college. And community college is virtually free now. For people who g
                               community colleges, that $1,500 tax deduction covers all the tuition for
                               about 80
                               percent of the community colleges in the country. And there's a great se
                               of
                               achievement there. Why? Because people know it really means somethi
                               have
                               higher education in America. And they know we have the best system o
                               higher
                               education in the world.


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/feb 1998/3512b34b.html                   1/5/2010
3512B34B.FIN                                                                                 Page 7 of 11


                               No one believes we have the best system of elementary and secondary
                               education in
                               the world. We just got the results of the Third International Math and
                               Science
                               Survey, which is given to several thousand --1 think about 20,000 -- but
                               representative sample of our high school seniors. And of 21 countries w
                               scored
                               19th. Now, in the Sth grade were in the middle; in the 4th grade we're n<
                               the
                               top now - we tied for second in the 4th grade test.

                               What happens? There are lots of reasons for what happens. But we've b<
                               trying to unpack that. But I do not believe it is any longer acceptable to
                               well, what do you expect, because we have so many poor kids, 20 perce
                               our
                               kids are in poverty and we have so minority kids and all that. That is all
                               bunch of bull. This is not rocket science. I mean, Sally just introduced u
                               that magnificent young woman who's a student at Stanford. I believe all
                               can
                               learn. I believe 90 percent-plus of us can learn 100 percent of what we r
                               to
                               know to make a society go, otherwise democracies would all fail. And ii
                               would
                               have happened long ago.

                               I have supported the charter school movement and school choice and a 1
                               other things. But we have got to have also more standards and more
                               emphasis on
                               teaching and a lot of other reforms in the schools. We've got a big progr
                               out
                               there now to lower class sizes and do a number of other things in this se
                               of
                               Congress. But I intend to spend a huge amount of effort in the next thret
                               years
                               to do what I spent the 20 years before I became President working on in
                               public
                               life, and that is trying to give us the best elementary and secondary systc

                               the world. Because we're kidding ourselves if we think we can really bu
                               truly meritocratic society if a bunch of people are stunted coming out of
                               blocks.

                                The next issue I'd like to mention that I think has great relevance to the
                                future is the environment. This year the two major — I'm very proud of t

                                didn't mention this before, but compared to five years ago the air is clea:
                                the water is cleaner, there are fewer toxic waste dumps and the food sup
                                is
                                safer. And we have set aside more land and trust to be saved than any


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl 998/3512b34b.html                 1/5/2010
3512B34B.FIN                                                                                  Page 8 of 11


                               administration in the history of the country, except the administrations c
                               Theodore and Franklin Roosevelt. And I'm very proud of that. We're
                               working on
                               saving Lake Tahoe now and I'm very proud of that. (Applause.)

                               But there is still a great deal to be done, and on two issues in particular
                               which will affect the quality of life in California. The first is with regarc
                               clean water. The Clean Water Act, which was passed 25 years ago, was
                               designed to
                               deal with pollution mostly coming out of sewage systems and out of
                               industrial
                               activities - so-called point source pollution. Bad stuff comes out of a pi
                               goes in the water, clean it up. Forty percent of our waterways in Americ
                               still not pure enough to swim and fish in because of non-point pollution
                               things that run off from the land. We have got to do more on that. So we
                               have a
                               major initiative on that, a new clean water initiative.

                               The other thing that I think is imperative that we get on is — and you're
                               dealing with it right now with El Nino
                               -- the climate change phenomenon is real and we must do what we can t
                               meet
                               America's responsibility to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. We can de
                               and
                               still grow the economy. Every time we've had to face a clean air or cleai
                               water
                               issues people have said, oh, if you do this it's going to shut the economy
                               down.
                               And every time we've done it, it has given the economy a boost because
                               opened up a whole new area of high tech jobs that we didn't have before

                               Now, basically, a third of all these CO2 emissions come from transporte
                               a
                               third come from buildings, homes and office buildings; and a third corm
                               from
                               manufacturing plants and electric generators. And the technology is nov
                               available, right now, to reduce substantially our greenhouse gas emissio
                               with available technology that pays out in two to three years, with regan
                               buildings, office buildings, homes, manufacturing facilities and electric
                               generators. And with the new fuel injection engines that are being devel
                               for
                               automobiles with the hybrid electric in fuel and gasoline engines and a 1
                               the other things that are going on, within two or three years you're goin£
                               look at automobiles that have literally one-fourth to one-fifth of greenhc
                               gas
                               emissions of today's automobiles. This is an imperative thing to do and i
                               hope
                               all of you will support this, because we have a good program going thro
                               Congress and I think we'll pass it. But it's important.


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/feb 1998/3512b34b.html                   1/5/2010
3512B34B.FIN                                                                                  Page 9 of 11


                               The last thing I'd like to say is, Bill talked about research. Hillary gave i
                               the idea of trying to have a part of our program this year be a gift to the
                               millennium that would be part respecting the past and part imagining th<
                               future.
                               The respecting of the past part, we're going to try to restore the Constitu
                               the Bill of Rights, the Declaration of Independence and the Star-Spangk
                               Banner,
                               and get people in every community in the country to do an inventory of
                               they
                               have.

                               For example, there's a place called the Old Soldiers Home in Washingto
                               D.C,
                               that was built before the Civil War. And on the Old Soldiers Home then
                               cabin which is almost totally dilapidated now, where Abraham Lincoln':
                               family
                               lived every summer — and other presidents. It wouldn't cost that much t(
                               restore it. It's a Washington, D.C. facility. Every single community in th
                               country has places in it that tell the part of America's story and they hav
                               be preserved.

                               But we also have to recognize that in the years we were running these hi
                               deficits, we wound up under-investing in a lot of things we should have
                               invested
                               more in, principally research. So we've also offered the biggest research
                               budget
                               in the history of the country in this balanced budget. And I hope we can
                               it
                               and I hope all of you will help us pass it because it's a big part of our fut


                               The last thing I'd like to say is this: I have tried very hard to change the
                               political culture of Washington with, you would have to charitably say,
                               mixed
                               results. (Laughter.) I don't even understand it half the time. I realize I'm
                               afflicted by the fact that I had a real life for too long.

                               But I will say this: I think that the work we're doing in this Race Initiati1
                               the campaign for the employment non-discrimination act, the efforts to 1
                               America together across all the lines that divide us and to have everyboc
                               judged
                               based on their merit, and to give everybody a chance, and to build an
                               America
                               that basically is a stunning contrast to the racial and ethnic and religious
                               conflicts that are beleaguering the world
                               - how much of your time as President - because my time is really your
                               has
                               been spent in my presidency on the problems of my people in Northern
                               Ireland —
                               my people — still arguing over things that happened 600 years ago, or th


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl998/3512b34b.html                    1/5/2010
3512B34B.FIN                                                                              Page 10 of 11


                               continuing torment in the Middle East, or what happened in Bosnia, or t
                               to
                               save all those children from the horrible fate they were facing in Rwand
                               all
                               these places. We're supposed to be living in this great modem world, yo

                               hook everybody up to an Internet, but if they still have primitive impuk
                               then
                               they just have modern technology to give greater vent with greater inter)
                               to
                               primitive impulses.

                               I want us to have a strong economy and I want us to always be on the
                               forefront
                               of every new thing that happens. But in the end, we have to prove that v
                               can be
                               one nation together. And I try to end all my talks now by just reminding
                               everybody that the people that came here to start this country came here
                               because
                               they literally deplored the unlimited, arbitrary, abusive exercise of powe
                               over
                               the lives of citizens. And they had a better idea. They said, we want to b
                               free and we want to be free to pursue happiness — not have it guaranteec
                               us,
                               free to pursue it; and in the process, we will work to form a more perfec
                               union.

                               Now these people you're supporting here and the party we represent -- y
                               we've
                               modernized the Democratic Party. Thank you, Bill. And, yes, they can't
                               all
                               those bad things about Democrats they used to say. But if you look at th
                               whole
                               20th century, if you go right back to Woodrow Wilson forward, our cou
                               has
                               always been for those things. We've always been for more freedom, moi
                               opportunity, and a stronger union. Which means even when we haven't I
                               right
                               on the issues, we've been on the right side of America's history. And I'm
                               proud
                               to be here with you, Mike. I'm proud to be here with my good friend, Lc
                               And
                               I'm proud to be here with a party that I think can lead America to a bette
                               place
                               in the new century.

                               Thank you very much. (Applause.)

                                END


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/feb 1998/3512b34b.html                1/5/2010
3512B34B.FIN                                                                       Page 11 of 11


                                10:42 P.M. PST


                               9


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd008/febl 998/3512b34b.html        1/5/2010
    354980ED.FIN                                                                              Page 1 of 8
(


    Exchange Mail


    DATE-TIME                      4/7/98 2:59:04 PM
    FROM                           Wozniak, Natalie S.
    CLASSIFICATION                 UNCLASSIFIED
    SUBJECT                        Address by the President to a National Forum on Social Security (in
                                   Kansas City,
                                   Missouri) [UNCLASSIFIED]
    TO                             Crowley, Philip J.
                                   Dehqanzada, Yahya A.
                                   Luzzatto, Anne R.
                                   Rubin, Eric S.
                                   Wozniak, Natalie S.
                                   Blinken, Antony J.
                                   Gobush, Matthew N.
                                   Gray, Wendy E.
                                   Halperin, David E.
                                   LaFleur, Vinca S.
                                   Leavy, David C.
                                   Widmer, Edward L.
                                   Miyaoka, Lester H.


    CARBON COPY

    TEXT BODY                      Remarks by the President
                                   Address by the President to a National
                                   Forum on Social Security (in Kansas City, Missouri)


    TRANSLATED ATTACHMENT
                                   social security national forum.doc
                                   THE WHITE HOUSE

                                   Office of the Press Secretary
                                   (Kansas City, Missouri)

                                   For Immediate Release April 7, 1998


                                   ADDRESS BY THE PRESIDENT
                                   TO A NATIONAL FORUM ON SOCIAL SECURITY


                                   Penn Valley Community College
                                   Kansas City, Missouri


    http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd009/aprl998/354980ed.html              1/5/2010
354980ED.FIN                                                                                   Page 2 of 8


                               11:25 A.M. CDT


                               THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. Good
                               morning. Thank
                               you, Governor Carnahan, for your leadership on so many areas and youi
                               friendship.
                               I'd like to thank the leaders of this fine institution for welcoming us here
                               and
                               for the mission they perform every day. I thank Senators Kerrey and
                               Santorum for
                               their concern, longstanding, for Social Security reform and their present
                               here,
                               and Representatives Hulshof and Pomeroy, who are participating in the
                               program,
                               and Representative McCarthy, and also Representative David Dreier fro
                               California, who is a native of Kansas City, who are here.

                               I thank the members of our administration who have come who will be
                               participating: the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, Fn
                               Raines;
                               the Deputy Secretary of the Treasury, Larry Summers; the Director of tl
                               National
                               Economic Council, Gene Sperling; and the Administrator of Social
                               Security, Ken
                               Apfel.

                               Attorney General Nixon, Treasurer Graeber, Insurance Commissioner
                               Sebelius,
                               thank you all for being here. Mayor Cleaver, thank you for hosting us. I
                               don't
                               know if Mayor Marinovich is here or not, but if she is, hello. (Laughter.

                               I'd also like to thank the leaders of the AARP, including Horace Deets,
                               and the
                               leaders of the Concord Coalition, including Martha Phillips, for their
                               hosting of
                               this forum. The AARP has long been a leading voice for the elderly, the
                               Concord
                               Coalition long a leading voice for fiscal responsibility over the long run
                               and
                               their willingness to work together is very important. I'd also like to than
                               the
                               Speaker of the House, the Senate Majority Leader, and the House and
                               Senate
                               Democratic leaders for nominating and being represented here today by
                               the members
                               of Congress who are on the program.

                               As the Governor said, this is a good time for America and a time of gre<


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd009/aprl998/354980ed.html                   1/5/2010
    354980ED.FIN                                                                                   Page 3 of 8
<


                                   hope.
                                   Our economy is the strongest in a generation. Many of our social proble
                                   are on
                                   the mend. Our leadership in the world is unrivalled. Within the next yea
                                   we
                                   will have a balanced budget. And where once there were deficits project
                                   as far
                                   as the eye can see, we now have projected surpluses as far as the eye cai
                                   see —
                                   a trillion dollars' worth over the next decade.

                                   But this sunlit moment is not a time to rest. Instead, it is a rare opportun

                                   to prepare our nation for the challenges and the opportunities of the 21 si
                                   century - or in the words of the old saying, to fix the roof while the sun
                                   shining. In the coming century, the aging of our society will present boti
                                   great
                                   challenges and great opportunities. I hope to live to be one of those peoj
                                   and
                                   so, to me, it's a high-class problem.

                                   But because a higher percentage of our people will be both older and
                                   retired,
                                   perhaps our greatest opportunity and our greatest obligation at this
                                   moment is to
                                   save Social Security. In the State of the Union address, I called on
                                   Congress to
                                   set aside every penny of any surplus until we had dealt with Social
                                   Security
                                   first. Both parties in both chambers of Congress have joined in this call.
                                   That
                                   is the good news.

                                   Today we turn to the business at hand -- building public awareness of th
                                   nature
                                   and scope of the problem, and building public consensus for the best
                                   changes.
                                   Clearly, we will strengthen Social Security and reform it only if we reac
                                   across
                                   lines of party, philosophy, and generation. And that is one reason for the
                                   broad
                                   representation of age groups in this audience today. We have to have op
                                   minds
                                   and generous spirits. And we all have to be willing to listen and to learn

                                   For too long, politicians have called Social Security the "third rail" of
                                   American politics. That's Washington language for, it's above serious
                                   debate.
                                   This year we must prove them wrong. This conference, with its wide
                                   participation, is a good start. On the political calendar, 1998 is an electic


    http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd009/aprl998/354980ed.html                   1/5/2010
354980ED.FIN                                                                                  Page 4 of 8


                               year. But on the Social Security calendar, we must resolve to make it an
                               education year, when we come to grips with the problems of the system
                               and come
                               together to find the answers.

                               This issues is complicated, so we need the best ideas - whatever their
                               source.
                               The issue is controversial, so we have to have a national consensus on
                               both the
                               nature of the problem and the direction we must take.

                               That's why I've asked all the members of Congress to also host town hal
                               meetings in their own districts. I'll be talking with several of them by
                               satellite later today. And we'll hold more additional forums like this one
                               around the country. In December, there will be a White House Conferer
                               on
                               Social Security. In January, I intend to convene the leaders of Congress
                               draft a plan to save it. With this effort we can forge a national consensus
                               and
                               we must.

                               For 60 years, Social Security has meant more than an ID number on a ta
                               form,
                               more than even a monthly check in the mail. It reflects our deepest valui
                               the
                               duties we owe to our parents, to each other, to our children and
                               grandchildren,
                               to those who misfortune strikes, to our ideals as one America.

                               Missouri's native son, Mark Twain, once said, "I've come loaded with
                               statistics,
                               for I've noticed a man can't prove anything without statistics." So I thou,
                               we
                               would begin today with a few statistics. Today, as the first chart shows,

                               million Americans depend upon Social Security, and for two-thirds of o
                               senior
                               citizens it is the main source of income. For 18 percent of our seniors it
                               the only source of income.

                               But Social Security is more than just a retirement program. Today you c
                               see
                               that more than one in three of the beneficiaries are not retirees. They are
                               children and spouses of working people who die in their prime. They an
                               men and
                               women who become disabled, or their children.

                               So Social Security is also a life insurance policy, and a disability policy.

                               well as a rock-solid guarantee of support and old age. That is why we he


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd009/aprl998/354980ed.html                  1/5/2010
354980ED.FIN                                                                                  Page 5 of 8


                               to
                               act with care as we make needed repairs to the program occasioned by t
                               huge
                               growth in retirees.

                               Since its enactment over 60 years ago, Social Security has changed the
                               face of
                               America. When President Roosevelt signed the bill creating the Social
                               Security
                               system, most seniors in America were poor. A typical elderly person sei

                               letter to FDR begging him to eliminate "the stark terror of penniless old
                               age."
                               Since then, the elderly poverty rate has dropped sharply. You can look
                               here and
                               see that in 1959 the poverty rate was over 35 percent for retirees. In 197
                               it
                               had dropped to 15.2 percent. In 1996, the poverty rate is down below 11
                               percent.


                               Now, there's something else I want to say about this. Even though most
                               seniors
                               need other sources of income in addition to Social Security to maintain ;
                               comfortable lifestyle: if Social Security did not exist, today half of all
                               American retirees would be living in poverty -- 60 percent of all women
                               Fifteen
                               million American seniors have been lifted out of poverty through the
                               Social
                               Security system.

                               Today the system is sound, but the demographic crisis looming is clear.
                               The
                               baby boomers - 76 million of us - are now looking ahead to their
                               retirement.
                               And people, clearly, are living longer, so that by 2030, there will be twit
                               as
                               many elderly as there are today.

                               All these trends will impose heavy strains on the system. Let's look at th
                               next chart here. You can see that in 1960, which wasn't so long ago, thei
                               were
                               over five people working for every person drawing Social Security. In
                               1997, last
                               year, there were over three people — 3.3 people — working for every
                               person
                               drawing. But by 2030, because of the increasing average age, if present
                               birthrates and immigration rates and retirement rates continue, there wil
                               be
                               only two people working for every person drawing Social Security.


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd009/aprl998/354980ed.html                  1/5/2010
354980ED.FIN                                                                                  Page 6 of 8
 *


                               Now, here's the bottom line. The Social Security Trust Fund is sufficien
                               to
                               pay all the obligations of Social Security - both retirement and disabilit

                               until 2029, after which it will no longer cover those obligations. Payroll
                               contributions will only be enough to cover 75 cents on the dollar of
                               current
                               benefits.

                               If we act now, we can ensure strong retirement benefits for the baby boc

                               generation without placing an undue burden on our children and
                               grandchildren.
                               And we can do it, if we act now, with changes that will be far simpler ai
                               easier
                               than if we wait until the problem is closer at hand. For example, a $100
                               billion
                               of the budget surplus, if used for Social Security, would add a year or
                               more to
                               the solvency of the Trust Fund with no other changes being made. Othei
                               changes,
                               which could be made, can be phased in over time, and keep in mind, sm
                               changes
                               decided on now can have huge impacts 30 years from now.

                               So how should we judge the proposals to change the Social Security
                               system? Here
                               are principles that I believe we should follow, and they're on the next ch

                               here. I believe, first of all, we have to reform Social Security in a way tl
                               strengthens and protects a guarantee for the 21st century. We should not
                               abandon
                               a basic program that has been one of the greatest successes in our
                               country's
                               history.

                               Second, we should maintain universality and fairness. For half a centurj
                               this
                               has been a progressive guarantee for citizens; we have to keep it that wa
                               It
                               was not until 1985 that the poverty rate among seniors was lower than tl
                               poverty
                               rate for the population of America as a whole. It is an astonishing
                               achievement
                               of our society that it is now so much lower, and we should not give it up

                               Third, Social Security must provide a benefit that people can count on.
                               Regardless of the ups and downs of the economy or the financial markei
                               we have


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd009/aprl998/354980ed.html                   1/5/2010
354980ED.FIN                                                                                   Page 7 of 8
 ♦


                               to provide a solid and dependable foundation of retirement security.

                               Fourth, Social Security must continue to provide financial security for
                               disabled
                               and low income beneficiaries. We can never forget the one in three Soci
                               Security beneficiaries who are not retirees.

                               And fifth, anything we do to strengthen Social Security now must
                               maintain our
                               hard-won fiscal discipline. It is the source of much of the prosperity we
                               enjoy
                               today.

                               Now, these are the principles that will guide me as we work to forge a
                               consensus. I hope they're ones that all of you can also embrace. This
                               national
                               effort will call on the best of our people. It will require us to rise above
                               partisanship. It will require us to plan for the future, to consider new ide

                               to engage in what President Roosevelt once called "bold, persistent
                               experimentation." It will remind us that there are some challenges that v
                               can
                               only meet as one nation acting through our national government, just as
                               there are
                               others we can better meet as individuals, families, communities.

                               This is also a challenge for every generation. To the older Americans he
                               today, let me say, you have nothing to worry about. For you Social
                               Security is
                               as strong as every. To the younger people here today who may believe t
                               you
                               will never see a Social Security check - indeed, I saw a poll which
                               purported to
                               be serious that said that Americans in their twenties thought it was more
                               likely
                               they would see a U.F.O. than that they would every draw Social Securit
                               (Laughter.) That skepticism may have been well founded in the past, bu
                               just as
                               we put our fiscal house in order, we can and must put Social Security in
                               order.

                               And above all, to my fellow baby boomers, let me say that none of us
                               wants our
                               own retirement to be a burden to our children and to their efforts to raise
                               our
                               grandchildren. It would be unconscionable if we failed to act, and act nc
                               as
                               one nation renewing the ties that bind us across the generations.

                               Thank you very much. (Applause.)


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd009/aprl998/354980ed.html                   1/5/2010
354980ED.FIN                                                                      Page 8 of 8
 ♦


                               END

                               11:39A.M.CDT


                               6


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd009/aprl998/354980ed.html     1/5/2010
    354F3A35.FIN                                                                               Page 1 of 12
<


    Exchange Mail


    DATE-TIME                      4/9/98 7:31:44 PM
    FROM                            Wozniak, Natalie S.
    CLASSIFICATION                  UNCLASSIFIED
    SUBJECT                         INTERNAL - RBTP at National Newspaper Association Reception
                                    [UNCLASSIFIED]
    TO                              Crowley, Philip J.
                                    Dehqanzada, Yahya A.
                                    Luzzatto, Anne R.
                                    Rubin, Eric S.
                                    Wozniak, Natalie S.
                                    Gray, Wendy E.


    CARBON_COPY

    TEXT BODY

    TRANSLATED_ATTACHMENT
                                    int-national newspaper association reception.doc
                                    THE WHITE HOUSE

                                    Office of the Press Secretary


                                    Internal Transcript March 20, 1998


                                    REMARKS BY THE PRESIDENT
                                    AT NATIONAL NEWSPAPER ASSOCIATION RECEPTION


                                    The East Room


                                    6:30 P.M. EST


                                    THE PRESIDENT: Thank you very much, Dalton, and thank you, ladie
                                    gentlemen. Welcome to the White House. I'm glad to see so many of yo
                                    I'm
                                    glad many of you brought your children. I'm glad Charlotte came. (Lau£
                                    You know, I tried to get Charlotte to run for Congress a couple years ag
                                    she said she had been reading in the newspapers that everybody in Wasl
                                    was
                                    no good, so she just couldn't do it. (Laughter.)


    http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd009/aprl998/354f3 a35.html               1/5/2010
    354F3A35.FIN                                                                                   Page 2 of 12
1


                                   I am delighted to have you here again. And I’m glad you've had a good t
                                   know the Attorney General has already spoken with you. I don't know il
                                   anyone
                                   else from the administration has. But I always am glad when you come 1
                                   because I think you represent the heartbeat of America. And in so many
                                   the
                                   major task of my presidency has been to take these historic, sweeping, g
                                   changes that are going on - literally dramatically changing the way peo
                                   work
                                   and live and relate to each other and the rest of the world - and to try to
                                   sure they have a positive impact neighborhood by neighborhood, comm
                                   by
                                   community, family by family all across the country.

                                   So in that sense what you do means a very great deal to me. I still read e
                                   day the newspaper from the community I lived in before I came to Wasl
                                   and
                                   it's very interesting to see the difference in the front page of the commui
                                   newspaper and the front page of the political newspapers here. (Laughte
                                   say most of you come out pretty well in the comparison. (Laughter.) Bu
                                   to do more with the prism through which you view the world.

                                   It's a good time for America, it's an interesting time for America. But it':
                                   quite important that all of us understand, as I said in my State of the Uni
                                   address, that these are not the kind of good times that should make our c
                                   want to sit on its lead, if you will, or just relax and enjoy the fact that wc
                                   have the lowest unemployment rate and the lowest crime rate in 24 year
                                   lowest welfare rolls in 27 years, the lowest inflation in 30 years, the higl
                                   homeownership in the history of our country — almost two-thirds of Am
                                   now
                                   live in homes that they own. That's a good thing.

                                   But the world is still changing very, very rapidly. You know the revolut
                                   that technology has wrought in your own work. The sheer volume of
                                   knowledge is
                                   doubling now every five years. I had the Nobel Prize winning head of tf
                                   National Institute of Health, Dr. Harold Varmus, in here yesterday; the 1
                                   Lady asked him over. We were talking to him about health developmem
                                   Africa,
                                   getting ready for my trip there, and especially emphasizing our concern
                                   the 21st century one of our security challenges which will affect all of y
                                   be the greater potential for global spread of disease, because of the flow
                                   food across national borders more and more of us have — America expo
                                   to
                                   the rest of the world, and more and more people export food to us, and I
                                   we're traveling more.

                                   There's actually a phenomenon now known as airport malaria, where pe
                                   going


    http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd009/aprl998/354f3a35.html                    1/5/2010
354F3A35.FIN                                                                                  Page 3 of 12


                               to Europe from different continents meet each other in the airport and m
                               literally gets transmitted. And in Africa it's a particular problem now be<
                               of the climate change, aggravated this year by El Nino, we have mosqui
                               bearing malaria at higher and higher altitudes than ever before, exposing
                               and more people and, in turn, a higher percentage of them get on airplar
                               they go to airports where the rest of us bump into them.

                               I say that to make this point, not to scare you or bother you, but this is a
                               very small planet we inhabit. And yet the fundamental reality of our live
                               the life of our community. And sometimes when you think Washington
                               wacky,
                               it would help you to understand it if you just thought of Washington as <
                               community town in which the business — the primary business was poli

                               oftentimes you would be reading the community newspaper and sometii
                               when you
                               see the television it's almost like - the national network news — it some
                               resembles like a community news program. And you just have to take a<
                               of
                               the fact that it's a culture that, thank goodness, is very different from tha
                               any other culture in the country in that sense.

                               So the trick is, really, for us, how do we preserve the values, the integrit
                               and the success of communities and their important institutions, starting
                               families and building out, and reap all the benefits of these great global
                               changes. That has been the mission of this administration: to try to prep;
                               this country for the 21st century, or, to use my campaign metaphor, to b
                               that
                               bridge to the 21st century.

                               What we're attempting to do now in this session of Congress and in this
                               calendar
                               year beyond what happens in Congress, is to lay those foundations with
                               basically
                               the emphasis on, first of all, building an economy that offers opportunity
                               everyone over the long run. And that starts, in my judgment, with sayinj
                               we're glad we're going to have the first balanced budget in 30 years — w
                               get it this year, even though the proposal is for next year. I think if thing
                               stay on track we'll actually have a balanced budget, probably have a surj

                               year for the first time since 1969.

                               And there are a lot of people, especially because it's an election year, wl
                               have wonderful ideas about what to do with that surplus. My idea is moi
                               old-fashioned: I don't think we ought to spend a penny of it until we knc
                               we have secured the Social Security system for the onslaught of baby be
                               retirees. I'm the oldest of the baby boomers, I'm 51, and basically the ba
                               boom generation is the generation born between 1946 and 1964, that 18
                               period, the largest group of Americans ever, except the kids that are nov
                               school. We've finally got a group bigger than the baby boomers.


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd009/aprl998/354f3a35.html                    1/5/2010
354F3A35.FIN                                                                                  Page 4 of 12


                               And when we all retire, there will only be about two people working for
                               one person drawing Social Security if we continue to retire at present ra
                               And keep in mind, a lot of people are retiring well before 65 now. Now,
                               seems
                               to me that we have to understand that at least our generation, the baby b

                               most of the people I know and most of the people I grew up with at horr
                               middle class people. About half of them went to college, half of them di
                               They live on modest incomes. They are panicked with the thought that e
                               the
                               Social Security system won't be there for them, or, if it is there, the price
                               will be so expensive for our children that they won't have the money the
                               to
                               raise our grandchildren. And we don't believe that should happen.

                               We know that if we make modest changes now to prepare for this, they
                               have
                               almost no destructive impact on us when we retire, but they will guarani
                               our children will be able to enjoy the same sort of opportunities - hopel
                               even greater opportunities than we have.

                               So I cannot overemphasize what I believe is the importance of that. The
                               to have this year, among other things, four big regional, bipartisan, hope
                               nonpartisan, meetings and a whole other series of actions which will res
                               the end of this year, the first of next year, in a proposal that will make th
                               Social Security trust fund viable far beyond the present plan, which is 2<
                               which coincidentally is the year that all the baby boomers get into -- are
                               over. That will take it out there so that young people -- interestingly eno
                               a recent poll showed that young people in their 20s thought it was more
                               that they would see a UFO than that they would draw Social Security.
                               (Laughter.)
                               I like the X-Files, but I don't like that statistic. (Laughter.)

                               So what we want to do is to run the Social Security trust fund out there,
                               how we're going to do it — it may or may not take the projected surplus^
                               the next 10 years, it may or may not. And then we can decide what to de
                               second thing we've got to do is keep the balanced budget in place. Nothi
                               do
                               - it may vary from year to year. If the economy goes downhill, you kno
                               get less tax dollars and you have to spend more for unemployed people,
                               structurally we have eliminated the deficit; the built-in big deficit that v,
                               from 1981 forward is now gone. So now if you see a deficit come up, yr
                               know
                               it's just because there's been a dip in the economy - if we stay with the
                               pattern of discipline we have now.

                               That, I think, is very important for our long-term financial health. You c
                               see in the troubles these other countries are having economically what h
                               if


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd009/aprl998/354f3a35.html                    1/5/2010
354F3A35.FIN                                                                                 Page 5 of 12


                                investors lose confidence in the economy. You can move your money at
                                the
                                ocean in the flash of a computer key. Money is very mobile today. Cour
                                will be rewarded if they have responsible budgetary policies; they will t
                                punished if they do not.

                                So whether you're a Democrat or a Republican, whether you consider y<
                                a
                                liberal or a conservative, you should wish your government to operate v
                                framework of discipline that will, first of all, permit the economy to gro
                                that over 90 percent of the people are always going to be able to do pret
                                by taking care of themselves and working and going forward. So that's t
                                thing I would like to emphasize.

                                The second thing I think we have to do is to face the fact that not every
                                American has had a chance to participate in this newfound prosperity. T
                                are
                                still whole neighborhoods and communities, principally in our inner citi
                                in
                                some rural areas, where we don't have the kind of prosperity that Ameri'
                                enjoys,
                                where the unemployment rate is not low.

                                You see the unemployment rate that says 4.6 percent. The economists te
                                that there are about 3 percent of the people moving around all the time,;
                                you get the unemployment rate under 3 percent you've got a job shortag
                                know, there are want ads that — it's good for you because more people b

                                ads. (Laughter.)

                                But let me say, this 4.6 percent is misleading because the unemploymen

                                Nebraska and North Dakota is 1.9 percent. In Omaha you can go to wor
                                fast
                                food place for way above the minimum wage and get guaranteed health
                                benefits,
                                because they have to offer it to get help and because prosperity is such t
                                they can afford to offer it.

                                I was in Las Vegas where carpenters have fringe benefits worth over $8
                                hour,
                                in the carpenters union. I'm glad. But they have a vibrant economy that i
                                it possible. In Washington, D.C., we've reduced the size of the govemm
                                part of our prosperity is because we've given you a different kind of
                                government.
                                The government in Washington today is the smallest it's been since Johi
                                Kennedy
                                was President. We've reduced it by 350,000. That's one of the reasons -
                                the only reason, but one of the reasons the unemployment rate in Washi
                                D.C., is above 8 percent, and in some neighborhoods even higher.


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd009/apr 1998/35413 a35.html                1/5/2010
354F3A35.FIN                                                                                  Page 6 of 12


                               So we have a very strong strategy, which I hope and pray the Congress ’
                               adopt
                               this year, to go to a community-based economic development model tha
                               put
                               tax incentives for new investment where they ought to be, in the rural ar

                               urban areas where we haven't seen recovery, and will put more investmc
                               other kinds in those areas. And I think it's important. I think all America
                               who are enjoying this prosperity would like to know that their friends ar
                               neighbors in other parts of the country at least have their chance to parti
                               in it.

                               The last point I'd like to make about that is I think the most important th
                               we can do is to continue our efforts to preserve education, opportunity, <
                               enhance the quality of education. I believe 30 years from now, when the

                               of this last two years is written and people talk about how we passed the
                               balanced budget in 30 years, the next most important thing about what v
                               that
                               budget is that I believe we can really say now we've opened the doors oi
                               college
                               to everybody who is willing to work for it.

                               The HOPE Scholarships give a $1,500 tax credit - not a deduction, a cr
                               for the first two years of college to American families. That covers the c
                               community college tuition in nearly every community college in the cor
                               not
                               every one, but most of them.

                               There are tax credits for the junior and senior year, for graduate school,
                               adults going back to get training, 300,000 more work-study slots. The ir
                               on student loans is finally tax deductible. There are many more Pell Gra
                               You can have an education IRA now; you can save for your kids' colleg
                               education
                               and you can put the money in and it's not subject to taxation. Then you <

                               it out and the gain is not taxable if the money is used for education.

                               So we've really worked hard to open the doors of college. Why is that sc
                               important? Because you all know that it's a ticket to a better future. And
                               one questions that America has the finest system of higher education in
                               world. Unfortunately, no one would seriously assert that on the whole o
                               system
                               of elementary and secondary education is the finest in the world. We kn
                               isn't.

                               And there are a lot of reasons why, but we now have the international m

                               science test for the 4th, Sth, and 12th grade. I'll tell you an interesting


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd009/aprl998/354f3a35.html                    1/5/2010
354F3A35.FIN                                                                                  Page 7 of 12


                               thing. We rank near the top in the 4th grade, even though we have the m
                               diverse student body, not only by race and ethnic and national origin, bi
                               income -- more diverse than a lot of wealthy countries. We do great in tl
                               beginning. We are in the middle by the Sth grade. And we're near the be

                               the 12th grade.

                               Well, I think we need smaller classes, more teachers, better-trained teaci
                               The kids should be required to take more difficult courses. We have too
                               children who go all the way through high school and our put in these tes
                               they haven't even had the courses taught by people with the academic
                               background
                               to teach them. And I think that now that we have the money to contribul
                               that, without interfering with the primary role of the states and the local
                               governments for education, we have some funds -- we will have this yei
                               ought to invest in that.

                               We ought to help more kids get off to a good start. We ought to help ma
                               that we can have better-trained teachers, and we ought to support that sc
                               improvement.

                               The other thing I want to say is that these statistics also are misleading
                               because we still have a lot of schools that are as good as any that you co
                               find anywhere. And an awful lot of our problems are concentrated in a f
                               schools, and, again, we need a community approach to that.

                               I really admire what they're doing in Chicago to try to turn their school:
                               around. Now, in Chicago, if you don't pass exams, you can't get prornot
                               the
                               next grade. But instead of just holding you back, they have mandatory s
                               school - a drastic thing for a big city. But you know what else? The crii
                               rate has gone way down in the summertime in Chicago. (Laughter.) Wh
                               Because
                               the kids are now - they're being given a better future and also somethin


                               One of the most important things in this community budget for educatio
                               substantial new funds to help schools stay open after hours to be commi
                               institutions to give children places to go if the parents are working. The
                               majority of juvenile crime is committed after school closes and before tl

                               get home. So this is important.

                               Let me just mention a couple of other things. In addition to an economy
                               offers opportunity for all, we want a society that enables us all to honor
                               responsibilities to our families and to one another. Among other things,
                               proposed a Patient's Bill of Rights that I think is very important to deal ’
                               the fact that 160 million Americans are now in managed care plans. The
                               been a lot of good out of that. It's cut inflation in health care dramaticall
                               It's helped us to get the economy more healthy. But there are also all kir


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd009/aprl998/354f3a35.html                   1/5/2010
354F3A35.FIN                                                                                   Page 8 of 12


                                pressures in this new system to sacrifice quality for profit if the going g(
                                tough.

                                And the Patient's Bill of Rights would simply say that you have a right t
                                advice from your doctor on what's best for you from a health care point
                                view,
                                not just whafs most cost effective; if you need to see a specialist, you hr
                                right to see one; if an emergency develops and you have to go to an erne
                                room, that should be covered by your plan. I think it's very important.

                                We also have a commission looking at reforming Medicare for the 21st
                                century,
                                and we plan to come up with a proposal - it's a bipartisan group - next
                                deal with that. We have an enormous opportunity here, I think, to do me
                                help people who are working to cover their child care costs. That's a big
                                of the budget this year.

                                But maybe the most important thing we could do in the near term is to f
                                pass comprehensive legislation that would make it possible for us to im]

                                the proposals to reduce teenage smoking. More people die as a result of
                                tobacco-related illnesses every year than virtually every other thing you
                                think of put together — accidents, AIDS, cancer, all of it put together. Tl
                                thousand kids start to smoke every day, even though it's illegal; a thousr
                                have their lives shortened as a result of it.

                                We have the potential now, if we can resolve the honest policy differenc
                                pass a big plan here which will make a huge difference and cut the rate ■
                                literally save a million lives over the next five years. So I want you to ki
                                that I may have to — you know, it's an election year. There is only about
                                more days when Congress is scheduled to be in session in this town. Bu

                                want them to go home without dealing with the tobacco issue. I just thin
                                wrong. We've had a year to debate this, and it's enough time.

                                Lastly, let me say that I believe that the nation needs to operate more by
                                values that we say we espouse but that you live with in your community

                                it's very important. That means among things that I intend to continue tl
                                initiative I have to try and continue to push the frontiers of closing the g
                                between us across racial lines. I intend to try to get a reauthorization of •
                                national service program, Americorps, this year to give more young peo
                                chance to earn money for college by serving in their communities.

                                We have a major clean water initiative this year that we have the suppoi
                                interestingly enough, most of the agricultural groups in America - I'm r
                                pleased with that. Forty percent of our water is still not clean enough to
                                in, after all of the changes that have been made. We have basically clear
                                the problems of pollution from sewage systems and from factory run-of
                                of


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd009/aprl 998/35413 a35.html                  1/5/2010
354F3A35.FIN                                                                                  Page 9 of 12


                                the problem we have now is from so-called non-point pollution: develop
                                of all
                                kinds, people building golf courses that I love — (laughter) — agriculture
                                things of that kind.

                                So we've got a system here that I think will allow us to continue to grow
                                economy and deal with that. And I urge you to look at the clean water ir

                                and what it might mean for your community if it's an issue there.

                                I'm going to attempt -- and I'm having some trouble -- but I'm going to a
                                to persuade the Congress to pass my initiative so that America can do it:
                                on
                                the global climate change issue. There is no question that the climate is
                                warming, of the whole globe, at a more rapid rate. And if you look at so
                                the things that have happened this year from El Nino, you see what can
                                a
                                more permanent set of extreme weather developments if you have a pen
                                warming. This El Nino just — it warms what it affects, but it's a recurrin
                                phenomenon, interrupted by several years. Imagine what would happen
                                were
                                the condition every year from now on. That's what this is about.

                                We had one week below freezing in the winter time this year in Washin.
                                until
                                the second week of March, by which time a lot of stuff had bloomed am
                                my
                                tulip magnolias turned brown overnight because it froze again. (Laughte

                                sort of erratic weather pattern will become more a normal feature of our
                                We just had horrible tornadoes in northeast Georgia today - a little late
                                season, really, for them normally. The thing I want to say to you is that •
                                believe that if I had time to talk to all of you, I could persuade you one c
                                one. (Laughter.)

                                We can reduce greenhouse gas emissions, mostly carbon dioxide, whicl
                                about
                                a third from vehicles, about a third from buildings - residential and
                                commercial
                                — and about a third from manufacturing facilities and electric power pla

                                can reduce these greenhouse gas emissions dramatically in ways that do
                                hurt
                                economic growth if we will use existing technologies for everything but
                                and
                                trucks, and technologies that are right on the brink of breakthrough for c
                                We do not have to give up economic growth, but we do have to pursue 1
                                with
                                some discipline and give some tax incentives and other things for peopL
                                what makes sense over the long run for the value of the economy. So th<


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd009/apr 1998/35413 a35.html                 1/5/2010
354F3A35.FIN                                                                                  Page 10 of 12


                               just some of the things I wanted to mention to you.

                               Finally, let me say that the First Lady came up with what I thought was
                               wonderful idea, which is that we ought to try, as we move up on the nev
                               century
                               and a new millennium, to imagine what kind of gifts we'd like to give tc
                               future. And we have a program called Honoring the Past and Imagining
                               Future.
                               In the past, what we're trying to do is to preserve our country's most imj
                               heritage. It's going to cost us at least $13 million to preserve the Star
                               Spangled Banner. It's in trouble. We have to redo how we keep and mai
                               the
                               Constitution and the Bill of Rights and the Declaration of Independence

                                At the Old Soldier's Home about eight miles north of here, there's a littk
                                cabin where Abraham Lincoln's family stayed every summer when it go
                                hot here
                                in the White House. And for years, the President's family would go up tl
                                and
                                spend the summer because there was no air conditioning. It's crumbling

                                going to fix it.

                                Every one of you has in your community, one or two buildings, one or t
                                monuments, an old cemetery, something, that is a very important part ol
                                heritage. And just as we go crazy over the Internet and the future and all
                                this looking at the future, we ought to think about marking the millennft
                                saving the past for our children and our grandchildren.

                                Then as we look to the future, I think the most important thing we can d
                                invest in research so we that we can accelerate the beneficial impacts of
                                this change. We're going to have to take the heat. It's going to be easier i
                                make biological and chemical weapons and get airport malaria, but it wi
                                more
                                good than bad if we take advantage of it. So I propose to double the rest
                                budget for the National Cancer Institute. The genetic research we are do
                                now
                                offers the prospect in the fairly near future of literally unlocking a genet
                                code that will enable us to deal with most known forms of cancer; to
                                dramatically
                                increase the overall budget of the National Institute of Health and increg
                                overall research, including research in space. I want to build a space stal
                                at three football fields, in the sky. It's a good thing to do. We will learn <
                                lot from doing it that will help us here on earth, and I hope you will sup]
                                that.

                                But let me end where I began. The world is becoming smaller. Technok
                                revolutionizing everything. Knowledge is doubling every five years. Bu
                                we
                                really have to do is make all this work for us by preserving the integrity


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd009/aprl998/354f3 a35.html                    1/5/2010
354F3A35.FIN                                                                                Page 11 of 12


                               community and the institutions that made this country great at the comn
                               level. And in a funny way, all this technology makes it possible for us tc
                               the benefits of the world home to every community if we have the wisdi
                               the
                               discipline and the determination to do it. I am very optimistic about the
                               future, but I know that it will not be a time free of difficulty.

                               Today I spent my time thinking about my trip to Africa - no American
                               president
                               has ever done a serious trip to Africa. I've talked to the Prime Minister c
                               Great Britain about peace in Northern Ireland. Yesterday, I met with Kii
                               Hussein to talk about peace in the Middle East. And people still find wa
                               behave the way they have for hundreds of years in negative ways.

                               Finally, let me just say this. You try to help people become informed an
                               only have information but perspective. We can have all the information
                               world, but if we can't think, if we can't reason, if we can't respect others
                               we can't agree on what the rules of civilized competition and ideas are,
                               in deep trouble. So you have to remember that you perform a critical fui
                               And in that sense, the more things change, the more they'll be the same.

                               Over 220 years, every challenge this country has met has required us to
                               three
                               things - you think about it. From the beginning to the Civil War, to the
                               Industrial Revolution to the Great Depression, to the Second World Wai
                               Cold War, to the Civil Rights movement to the environmental movemer

                               challenge we've met, we've had to do three things. We have had to wide
                               circle of opportunity to give more people their chance at the American c
                               We
                               have had to deepen the meaning of freedom, whether it was freeing slav
                               giving
                               women the vote, making sure immigrants weren't discriminated against,
                               had
                               to deepen the meaning of freedom. And we've had to strengthen the bon
                               our
                               union to come together instead of being driven apart.

                               All over the world today, there are people who want to use the modern >

                               draw apart from their neighbors, whether their Hutus and Tutsis killing i
                               other in Africa or what happened in Bosnia that we had to put a stop to <
                               terrible you read about in Kosovo now — you name it. In America, we s;
                               you
                               share our values, you obey the law, you show up for work every day, yo
                               right
                               by your kids, it doesn't matter, you can still be our neighbor. Your differ
                               are not as important as what we share in common. That is the great gift ’
                               give to our children and to the world in the new century, and you can he


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd009/aprl998/354f3a35.html                   1/5/2010
354F3A35.FIN                                                                      Page 12 of 12


                               give that gift. Thank you very much. (Applause.)

                               END

                               6:59 P.M. EST


                                12


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd009/aprl998/354f3a35.html        1/5/2010
38365469.FIN                                                                                Page 1 of3


Exchange Mail


DATE-TIME            10/19/99 5:14:37 PM
FROM                Gordon-Hagerty, Lisa E. (TNT)
CLASSIFICATION      UNCLASSIFIED
SUBJECT             RE: We need a NSSE! [UNCLASSIFIED]
TO                  Wechsler, William F. (TNT)
                    Green, Charles A. (TNT)


CARBON_COPY

TEXT BODY
                    BUT WHERE IS FEMA IN ALL OF THIS- MAYBE THEY ARE THE
                    ALIENS...

                     ----- Original
                     Message
                     From: Wechsler, William F. (TNT)
                     Sent: Tuesday,
                     October 19, 1999 5:08 PM
                     To: (^TRANSNATIONAL - Transnational Threats
                     Subject: We
                     needaNSSE! [UNCLASSIFIED]

                     Alien contact would ignite media frenzy

                     By TODD HALVORSON, Florida Today
                     ARECIBO, Puerto Rico The
                     Hollywood scenarios always are the same. Soon after we make contact
                     with aliens, hysteria seizes a
                     panicked public, or paranoid G-men
                     in black suits and dark sunglasses put a lid on the news.
                     But
                     in the real world, scientists expect neither mass pandemonium nor
                     a government cover-up if or when intelligent life is found elsewhere
                     in the universe. A media free-for-all in today's wired world coupled
                     with a carnival-like sideshow is more likely.
                       What happens
                     next will be something that we cannot in fact control or orchestrate
                     at all," said Jill Tarter, chief scientist with
                     the SETI Institute
                     of Mountain View, Calif., which is searching for extraterrestrial
                     intelligence. "It will be a huge circus."
                     The initial news
                     flash will be followed by special TV reports with such catchy titles
                     as "Alien Encounter at Arecibo." News crews will


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd018/octl999/38365469.html               1/5/2010
38365469.FIN                                                                              Page 2 of 3


                    scurry to the
                    mountaintop observatory here, and a new genre of "expert" TV analysts
                    astronomers with a knack for snappy sound bites will form a lucrative
                    cottage industry. A human wave made of the UFO crowd, strange cults,
                    religious zealots and enterprising T-shirt vendors will crash onto
                    Puerto Rican shores, swamping the media event to beat all media events.

                    "That's one scenario that just might play out," Tarter said.
                    "What is unsettling is the fact that the situation will get away
                    from
                    us, and it will be very difficult to do our work."
                    A
                    plan, however, already is in hand to try to manage the event. Called
                    the "Declaration of Principals Concerning Activities Following the
                    Detection of Extraterrestrial Intelligence," it's a three-page set
                    of instructions adopted in 1989 by the International Academy of Astronautics.

                    Made up of 1,000 researchers from 65-countries, the academy presumes
                    the detection will come in the form of an intercepted radio
                    signal
                    rather than an alien spaceship visiting the White House.
                    The
                    protocol includes the following: Step One: Confirm, over and over
                    again. The discoverer will not make any announcement until proving
                    beyond a doubt that the radio beacon isn't a stray TV signal from
                    The Sci-Fi Channel.
                    Step Two: Verify, repeatedly and independently.
                    Don't claim an alien contact before scientists at other radio telescopes
                    can unequivocally determine that ET indeed is calling.
                    Step
                    Three: Tell Everybody. Alert the appropriate "national authorities."
                    Advise astronomers through the Central Bureau of Astronomical Telegrams.
                    Notify the secretary general of the United Nations. Ring up the media.

                     But do not return ET's call.
                     Any response to an alien message,
                     the protocol says, is a matter for "international consultations"
                     in other words, a worldwide
                     debate over who should say what for
                     humankind. Tarter, who played a major role in putting together the
                     protocol, is one of the many scientists who know full well the announcement
                     won't go by the book. But at the same time, scientists say: Street
                     rioting is unlikely.
                     Without a doubt, a 1938 radio dramatization
                     of The War of the Worlds triggered frenzy when thousands of listeners
                     thought invading
                     Martians were spreading death and destruction in
                     New Jersey and New York. The Sunday night broadcast disrupted households,
                     interrupted church services, spawned traffic jams and clogged telephone
                     lines. Some actually left their homes as wide-eyed mobs took to the


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd018/octl999/38365469.html               1/5/2010
38365469.FIN                                                                                  Page 3 of 3


                     streets. But scientists say the chances that aliens actually will
                     show up in spaceships, threatening to lay waste to our cities and
                     abduct our women, are slim and none. It's more likely contact will
                     come in the form of a remote radio signal, they say.
                     "The point
                     here is that there would be no immediate danger," said SETI Institute
                     scientist Seth Shostak. "Just because you picked
                     up a radio signal
                     doesn't mean the aliens are hopping in their saucers and coming our
                     way."
                     However the announcement comes - if it does come - it
                     probably will not shock the world. Public opinion polls the past
                     few years show most people already believe life exists elsewhere
                     in the universe. And as for a government cover-up, much to the chagrin
                     of the
                     conspiracy crowd, the international protocol clearly states
                     that a confirmed alien detection "should be disseminated promptly,
                     openly and widely through scientific channels and public media."

                     Beyond that, the drill for authenticating a signal from ET effectively
                     spreads the news very fast. Astronomers in countries around the
                     world would be called to work in a harried bid to verify the alien
                     beacon, making leaks to the media unstoppable and a cover-up impossible.
                     In addition, those who think the government successfully could quash
                     the scientific discovery of the millennium "greatly underestimate
                     the urge to share heart-stopping news and the perceptive powers of
                     the press," Shostak said.


http://classified/email/data_source/exchange/record/cd018/octl 999/38365469.html                 1/5/2010
