{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-09-18 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498863","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60296","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2930,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/863/mufon-5498863.json","updb_database_id":5498863}
{cak} huge, bright clusters of stars, roughly diamond shaped clusters, lights turning on and off like someone was playing with a light switch

It was a couple of weeks ago, Thursday Sept. 18th. I was spending a week at a painting workshop staying at the Mabel Dodge Luhan House in Taos. In the middle of the night (3am) my eyes blinked open and sort of on automatic pilot I got my flashlight, walked down an unknown path off the hotel grounds into the desert (which I later found out was Anasazi land), and looked up to see a marvelous sight...6 or 7 dense, huge, bright clusters of stars, roughly diamond shaped clusters, lights turning on and off like someone was playing with a light switch. The sky around these discreet clusters was blue/black...like islands in a dark ocean, the little dipper was over my left shoulder fairly low in the sky. I've been told it was probably something from Los Alamo's. I went in for my annual physical and the doc said to stop taking Ambien, that I was sleepwalking. A friend asked suspiciously "Were you the only one there"?, another friend sited an article in the NYTimes on lightening-induced 'sprites'.

I suppose there's an alternative conclusion but what is so strange and compelling for me is the fact that I'm not comfortable in nature even with friends and for sure I wouldn't go out alone in the middle of the night to a desert I didn't know existed. I'm also a germaphobe. This sounds so dumb but i have my indoor slippers that NEVER go outside but I slipped them on without hesitation. I had in fact not gone on the 2 field trips during the painting workshop because I'm pathologically afraid of snakes, all reptiles, but not even easy with dogs, cats, insects, dirt...well you get the picture, nature woman I am not! So for me to without hesitation wake up and walk into the desert without an iota of fear is just impossible when I reflect on it. 

I did a painting the next day to capture what I saw so will attach it.I'd love to know if anyone else in the area saw what I saw. I stood out there for about 15 minutes until i heard a dog start howling and decided to go back inside.
best,
CP

p.s. I'm pretty sure it was Sept 18th but it could have been a night before or after.
