{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-25 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490863","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68713","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2628,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/863/mufon-5490863.json","updb_database_id":5490863}
{jpg} Quick flash of light, cycling of colored lights and quickly flew away

I was at a party and we were outside and I saw a quick flash of light in the corner of my eye so I looked up to see what it was. I see a light, almost directly overhead towards the west, that looks like a really large star starting to change into all visible colors, one at a time. I had no idea what I was looking at and the only things that I could justify claiming that it was had to be either lightning, a shooting star or a firework since it was only a few weeks after July 4, but a split second after I discovered the object, it shot off in a straight line to the east leaving a trail of light that was changing colors as well. Though I could not tell the size or altitude, it was obvious that the object was traveling faster than any plane or aircraft I have even experienced,  It was apparent that the object was separated from the trail even though the colors changed in the trail it left. Almost immediately after this happened, the light and its trail of light disappeared. I felt like the object knew that I had spotted it and therefore took off as quickly as it could. I also considered that it was phasing in and out of high speed travel. As mentioned before, it was hard to determine the altitude, but it was too high to be a firework and I feel that it's fair to say it wasn't lightning because of the nature of its beeline flight path. This leaves the possibility of a shooting star, but it too large in my opinion and I was in an urban area that caused enough light pollution that you had a hard time making out the brightest stars. I have seen shooting stars before, but it didn't feel the same and the object did fly in a straight line, I have yet to see a shooting star that doesn't have some curve in it's flight path. There wasn't any sound coming from the object or afterwards which helps to debunk the possibility of it being a firework or lightning  To my dismay, I discovered that I was the only one that saw the object at the party.
