{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-10-09 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5284863","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118550","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2852,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/863/mufon-5284863.json","updb_database_id":5284863}
I need to speak to someone it’s too much to explain

I have been visited by a seemingly military faction of the galaxy. They follow you in an algorithmic sort of way. They communicate telepathically. There are beings in human form and also beings that are in bodies that obviously don’t fit them. They can turn your phone on when it is off and they will plant evidence on you if they think you are guilty. I really need to speak to someone to debrief my whole encounters and tell my story. I know how and where they store there vehicles and how they communicate. I even can hear and speak to them in “human speak” I can communicate with the tic tacs in the sky and I even have 2 witnesses that I told them what I was going to tell them what to do and the vehicle would comply. I think that I unknowingly made friends with the entity’s. They speak in a bInert language telepathically that sounds like car screeching. I was told that there are about 85 different species and they all ride the dart transit system because they have an underground network here in Dallas. I was speaking to the tic tac in the train and another person who was from another planet told me to stop staring out the window like I was because whoever was flying the vehicle was complying to my thoughts. The way you speak to them is by thinking while touching your pulse in some way. To listen you take your fingers and press them together and you can hear what’s going on around you. They can create sink holes and repair them almost instantly. I would like to speak to someone about my experience as soon as possible because I feel like I can’t hold it in
