{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-10-21 17:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513863","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44391","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2580,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/863/mufon-5513863.json","updb_database_id":5513863}
[flg] Triangular Shape Hovering Multicolored Lights

On the evening of October 21, 2012, my boyfriend at the time (who was also a highly decorated Marine) and I were sitting on my front porch and I just so happened to stare off into the distance and see a hovering object out in the distance over the horizon. We live on a hill (I just graduated from college and moved in with my parents to their new home in Blum, TX) and it was hovering out over the valley off in the distance at least a mile but no more than 5 away from us. This was not the first time I had personally seen interesting activity happening in the same area. Anyway, the figure was dark, and appeared to be triangular in shape. The time was approx. 5:30 pm when I first noticed said object. I asked my boyfriend if he was seeing what I saw. He looked, stood up and went silent for a few seconds...almost catatonic. And then was like "Holy s**t, did you just see that?" To which, I did not see what he saw, he described being able to see almost a universal picture of planets and other star systems. We sat out on the porch observing this object until the sun went down. After the sun went down, and we had called my folks out to the front porch who could also see the object, my stepmom went inside to grab the binoculars. We all observed some oscilating multicolored lights, from green, blue, red, pink, yellow, orange.. basically the whole light spectrum with our own eyes and with the assistance of the binoculars. In addition to having a clearer view of the lights and triangle shape of the ship, we also began to observe at around 7-9pm, several (at least 20) white orb objects shooting off and coming into this larger ship. The "mothership" appeared to be quite large, easily 1-2 football lengths across. We continued to see this, as previously stated from 7-9pm but the orb activity began to slow after 9. Since we have seen mass amounts of these same ships around our house. Not exactly near, but visible from the house.
