{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-07-31 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481863","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78114","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2901,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/863/mufon-5481863.json","updb_database_id":5481863}
{dr}Brightly lit sphere approaches, hoovers for minutes, flashes to a distantred pulsing strobe, then back to a bright sphere before it goes down behind tree line.

This incident began after a friend and I went outside on the porch to watch a storm system that was approaching at approximately 8:30pm as the sun was setting. I noticed a look on her face that caught my attention and immediately upon looking South I noticed a very brightly lit "sphere" moving towards us rather quickly from the distant sky to the South. It was so bright and moving so quickly that it gave the appearance of being close. The color was a bluish tint but did not appear to be casting light in any direction. 

As the object got closer it abruptly stopped and hoovered perfectly still for multiple minutes. At this point I began recording with my cell phone... after about :90 the sphere flashed "off" and left just a blinking, or pulsating red light. At this point my friend took off down the road to try and get a different view and possibly see what size the object was. When the craft went to a blinking red light I could see several other red lights further away. I recorded at couple more minutes of the flashing red before it began moving again. It did a couple circular patterns before returning to it's fully illuminated state.

At this point it descended below the tree level and began moving from right to left. I could see it through the trees before it disappeared out of sight. I kept the camera rolling because I noticed a strange amount of car horns honking and dogs barking after the craft disappeared until my friend came back from down the street. She reported the same things I saw from the house to include the hoovering, changes of color, and the apparent descent down out of view. She said that it was much bigger than a drone and had no apparent characteristics of a helicopter. 

I want to mention that the red flashing appeared very distant and dim, but the illuminating glow was shockingly bright making it hard to judge distance. I had a strange feeling that what we were seeing wasn't meant to be seen and it even made me feel afraid. Heavy breathing and very high heart rate during the 10min ordeal.
