{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-12-19 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521863","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34344","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6588,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/863/mufon-5521863.json","updb_database_id":5521863}
Definite UFO sighting, repeatable/observable...

For just over a week now ufo's have been "loitering" near my home.

They are here from the time that night falls until dawn. I usually go out and begin observing them at about 8pm.

I first noticed them the night of 19 Dec. 2011. I was standing outside staring at the night sky in central Florida from my home in the Villages at somewhere between 01:00am and 03:00am when I noticed that one of the stars I was looking at was unusually bright. To my surprise as I was looking at it, it began to "wiggle".

Over the nest minute or so the wiggling became movement back and forth on the horizontal axis. This object was about a 45 degree angle from me on the horizon and I could see that it was not only going back and forth in place but it was occasionally making small spirals in place as well.

I looked around at stars in the local area to make sure I wasn't imagining movement and the other stars in the area were static (not moving).

I ran inside and got my friend and asked him to watch this "star" for a minute and tell me what he saw just to be entirely sure that I was not imagining the movement and as we watched it began to move back and forth and in zig-zag patterns. My friend confirmed for me that I was not imagining the movement.

We have been observing them EVERY night since (as I said they are there from dusk until dawn).

3-4 nights ago my friend and I woke up his mother at about 03:00am to observe the objects we had been telling her about (and she was quite amazed by the "moving stars" but what we all saw next was even more amazing) and while we were observing the objects (approx. 03:15am) I noticed a light blink into existence on the horizon. We watched as a small metallic clam-shaped object (we could only compare it to the craft from "Flight of the Navigator") approximately 4-6 feet in length and approximately 1-2 feet high (like a sideways teardrop or clam-shell) flew down to just above the rooftops in our neighborhood approximately 200 feet away from us right down the street.

The object hovered in place in clear view with street lights illuminating and reflecting off of it then it flew behind some rooftops and was gone.

We assumed because of it's size that it was an unmanned probe of some type.

A few nights ago my friend and I both saw one "dancing" in and out of the clouds making short, erratic bursts of movement and we are pretty sure we saw bursts of light that were straight lines of light (like a white laser) which flashed very quickly being emitted from the craft. We assumed they might have been sending communications to another craft in the area.

The night before last I saw seven scattered about the sky (I am an amateur astronomer but I will try to describe their locations the best I can). They were each a large distance away from each other, they are always unnaturally bright, brighter than the brightest stars in the sky. They look like someone has a flashlight at a VERY far distance away in pitch black and all you can see is a white dot moving in unnatural ways. Some strobe, some are solid white.

Now again, I am an amateur astronomer but we have been seeing them in the area of Orion's Belt, the Dippers, Ursus Major, and other places I don't know the names of but I can walk out on any given night and point out where they are/will be.

Movement: Movements I have seen over the past week are fast movement in short bursts in one direction then immediately reversing direction, effectively wiggling back and forth, not VERY fast, but fast. I have seen them make small spirals on their horizontal axis. I have seen clouds moving East to West and the objects fly behind the clouds then come back out of the front of the clouds (showing that they move towards the cloud ((West to East)) and then reverse direction to come back out of the clouds traveling in the same direction as the clouds ((East to West))).

These craft have the ability to make these movements at will and can perform them going from a stationary hover and can immediately resume their stationary hover after performing these acts.

I am ex U.S. Navy and a fan of flight and aircraft and I can say with certainty that these craft are not weather balloons, they are not helicopters, they are either in low orbit or just inside the mesosphere or stratosphere (I favor the belief that they are in the upper stratosphere) and they are not any publicly known aircraft, military or civilian.

I do not have a quality hd night-shot set-up but I am currently seeking some quality equipment to capture what I can.

I have a couple of really bad videos of them, but they are amateur with no tripod set-up and no night-vision. So essentially all I have is a poorly stabilized video of a light in pitch black, but I'm willing to share it with anyone who would like to see it.

If you live in central Florida, please keep your eyes open for these craft, they are there and not hard to find if you know what you're looking. I would love to see what someone captures on a stabilized set-up with telescopic lenses.

Thank you for reading my story and I thank anyone in advance who can help figure out what these craft are.

Attached videos are short and entirely unedited. They were shot on two separate nights. They are poorly stabilized but note the lack of stars in the sky the ONLY light you can see is the craft.

I apologize for the pitch black at the beginning of the second video, it took me a minute to find the craft with the camera and I wanted to keep both videos in their entirely unedited state (I didn't even change the file names after transferring from camera).

These videos were both shot with a Kodak M530 (12 MP - 3x max optical zoom).

Enjoy!!!
