{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-18 01:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287863","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115509","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2208,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/863/mufon-5287863.json","updb_database_id":5287863}
UFO Followed Me While Driving to Camp in Desert in NV

I was driving to Beatty NV from CO but felt too tired at about 1:00 am and made a U turn to go South on 95 roughly 13 miles North of Nellis AFB in Nye County. I was 4.8 miles from the turn off for the BLM land I was going to camp. I was about two semi trucks length distance behind a semi truck in the right lane when suddenly a very bright almost blinding large light was trailing behind me in the rear view out of nowhere. It was really bright and I was confused of what it was it wasn’t a motorcycle or car but I thought maybe I was sleep deprived. I moved into the left lane to try to get away from the light but it literally mirrored my movement and was behind my car. It was really distracting and I kept being drawn to look at it in the mirror. It was bright almost like a diamond with a glow around it and I could not tell how far away it was. Then suddenly it disappeared and wasn’t behind me and I was able to concentrate again. I thought maybe they turned off or who knows...I got ahead of the semi and it was no longer in view when suddenly the light was behind me again and bright. It was like it was following me which really freaked me out. I had only .8 miles until my turn and I sped as fast as I could and then the light zipped off to the East and kind of fell down like a leaf into nowhere. I was now 8 miles from Nellis AFB with full service and I tried to make calls on my cell phone because of how freaked I was and all my calls fails. Couldn’t get it to work. Got to gas station restarted phone and calls worked again. Really weird
