{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-13 20:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5507863","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50812","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3024,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/863/mufon-5507863.json","updb_database_id":5507863}
{rjl} Orange lights moving very slowly in the sky, sometimes hovering and then dissappeared all together

It was about 8:45/8:50 pm on Friday, September 13th 2013 I was busy on my computer when my grandmother called me into her bedroom to look at something outside. I went into her room and looked out the window and saw three orange lights. One looked almost flame like while the other two looked more like actual lights. I stared at the flame like one thinking it must be a meteor, but Ive seen a meteor before and the more I looked at it the more I knew that it wasnt one. My grandmother said when she first saw it she thought it was a firework because it started out as a pinwheel shape and spread out, but there was no fireworks. Once I got into her room to see them they were moving straight and in more a triangular shape, these lights were pretty low, pulsating, moving very slowly and in a straight path. Some would disappear and reappear. So after watching from the window for a minuet I ran out into the living room to grab my cell phone and ran outside. In that 20 seconds it took me to get outside the three lights next to our house had disappeared and they either appeared across the street or new ones formed. Again there were three distinctive pulsating lights, none of them were flame like this time they were all bright orange lights. They again were moving very slowly and steady, some other orange lights would appear and disappear but these three stayed put. At times it appeared as if they were hovering and then they would slowly start moving again. After a minuet most of the lights disappeared except for two. They were heading in the same direction in unison. Then the one on the "top" started to slowly make its way toward the light on the bottom. Once they got close to each other the lights disappeared into thin air and never appeared again....As I witnessed this I pulled out my cellphone and started recording. I have a 22 second video showing the two lights. The whole encounter lasted a good 3 to 4 mins I would say. I have lived in this neighborhood for over 20yrs and I have never seen anything like this before. I was completely mystified, my sister and I were looking at each other like did we really just see what we think we saw? We both watch a ton of alien and ufo shows but never in a million years did we ever think we would see something like that. I firmly believe we witnessed a UFO.
