{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-09-27 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5502544","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"56456","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2459,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/544/mufon-5502544.json","updb_database_id":5502544}
Bright light moving quickly, moving unlike a plane

I was staying in Walpole with my friend, and I was busy taking photos of the Milky Way while she was inside preparing some dinner. I looked up, and saw a bright light - as bright as a close helicopter would be. What made it unusual was that it was moving very quickly - if it was a helicopter close to land, and at that distance from me, I would have heard something.
At this point I called my friend out and pointed it out, it changed it's speed several times. It then started blinking - but in a way that it looked as though it zoomed off then came back, zoomed off and then came back. It looked as though it was exiting and entering the atmosphere.
After a few minutes it was gone.
What made it more unusual was that it was heading South. As Walpole is at the southern edge of Australia, and the only airport near by was the small one at Albany, I found it weird that something would be traveling towards Antarctica.

Later on in the evening, we stayed outside as the sighting got us very curious about everything! We were staying at a farm stay, we were on the "highest" point around us, and there was a dip/gully of animals, and then another hill the same height as ours about 500 metres away, with very tall trees. After a while we started seeing lights in the trees opposite our hill - but there were no "higher points" behind us, so to speak, so this could not have been a car or truck (not that there are trucks in this area). There was a very bright light that flashed along the high-tops of the trees (this is old jarrah area so the trees are very tall). My friend who is very sceptical on UFO kind of things was also unable to figure how the light could be projected so brightly and at such an angle.
