{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-10-17 19:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5529544","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25976","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2701,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/544/mufon-5529544.json","updb_database_id":5529544}
Bright blue lights hovering over town

It was Sunday evening around 7:50 EDT. I was traveling east on Highway 30 from Valparaiso heading toward Plymouth when about a mile out of town I saw a faint blue light with my peripheral vision low over the sky line . As I got closer to town, the blue light became more prevalent. I have my pilot's license and use to fly so I know that blue lights are not used on planes. It had an odd flight path which seemed to go straight up, straight down then took a horizontal path over and remained stationary. As I got into town, I could see not one but two blue lights. It was hovering low over the Walmart plaza, maybe less than 500 feet. I was difficult to say the altitude, just that I could the aircraft through the driver's side seat without having to stick my head out the window to see it. I literally drove past it on 30, on my left hand side. I could not see the shape of the aircraft/UFO, just 2 big, very bright and intense blue lights spaced across from one another. They seemed to be facing downward, shining the lights toward the ground. I rolled down my window to see if I could hear an engine or rotors but it made no noise. There is an airport nearby, located on the north east side of town, but it was stationary so that ruled out any airplanes. Helicopters can be heard a mile away and this was silent, not to mention the strange blue lights on the UFO. I saw no other lights or markings. It seemed too big to be some kind of hoax like a model. I could tell it had some size to it and it was bigger than the Cessna's I use to fly. It stayed there for at least a minute or two in duration. I know I couldn't have been the only one that saw it; it may know attempt to conceal itself. You couldn't miss those bright blue lights! I continued on my way out of town east on 30 until the aircraft become out of sight. I've read similar sighting that was reported just a week prior in Plymouth, as well as other sightings in Fort Wayne and Indianapolis. Multiple sightings by people in different towns help validate what I saw and makes me wonder what exactly did I see?
