{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-12-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486544","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73159","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2568,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/544/mufon-5486544.json","updb_database_id":5486544}
Large horn/V shaped brilliant fire color ufo above mountain range 20km away

This is the story my girlfriend told me less then 1 hour ago.

She and her sister live in chaiyaphum province north east thailand

About 20km from her house a large mountain range starts with mountains going up to almost 2km in hight.

Today during night time she and her sister witnessed a glowing large object that appeared to be stationery in the air far above the mountains.

The object they described as being horn or V shaped which they couldn't really tell because it was so far away

They said it looked like it was on fire and the light even at that distance was very bright.

When they ran inside to get a camera phone the object was gone when they got back outside.

At that moment my girlfriend contacted me in the netherlands and she appeared to me as rather shocked of what she just saw.

I tried to figure out what she saw and that led me to believe they might have seen the giant V shaped ufo from the phoenix lights event years ago.

I looked for a picture on the Internet and found one they said looks almost exactly the same as the object they seen.

The object either had redish fire color like lights or in my opinion it could have been moving through the atmosphere.

My girlfriend said that the object appeared not to move but considering the distance and angle of view it might have been moving up slowely without them noticing it.

The sighting happend today and so far we haven't figured out if anyone else seen it too.

Sadly we do not have our own picture or video of the event but i can provide you with the picture i found on google which my girlfriend and her sister claim to be almost exactly the same thing they saw.
