{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-11-20 19:52:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522544","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33509","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3950,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/544/mufon-5522544.json","updb_database_id":5522544}
Triangle Craft, Likely Military, near Dalton

Hello there, I have a interesting report to share, this shouldnt be too hard to confirm; as Im positive I witnessed a military craft in the area. Regrettably, I was not carrying a Camera, so realise that my report probably has some inaccuracies in it. However, Ill attempt to recreate the event, as it happened over a little bit over an hour ago, so maybe it wont be too hard. 

Im visiting family members who live in an area near Dalton called Dawnville. A little over 2 miles away from Dawnville Elementary School (I will not give specific road names for their identity). So, I wanted to go outside of the house to get some air. I had my laptop with me, so me freaking out on someone and looking it chat logs is how I know the time is perfectly accurate. So, back to the story ...(Sorry, this probably isnt as exciting as some of these logs, however, Im seeking information on this event and a possible identification and origin on the craft)... 

I hear a low hum, it was faint, however, what really directed my attention to it was the fact that it was low altitude, and pretty large, as aircrafts tend to be. So, as walking outside, I look up to the star covered sky, and see a flat, triangle shaped aircraft, near the road, I could only see the under side of it. The underside, however, was covered in lights on the underside, probably the typical amount for an aircraft like that. The thing that got me was its speed, it was going around 30-50mphs, unlike most aircrafts. I had time to get my relative to come outside; but not enough to get a camera. They provided some useful info, they said theyve seen this aerocraft fly by before. So I thought Id type a report. Ive never seen anything like it before, other than concept designs for military crafts. I think its odd they flew in a residential area; perhaps it was a Unmanned Arial Vehicle doing some sort of sweep; typical things like that make more sense. However; UAVs have strict rules in U.S. airways that this craft probably violated. Thus, it makes me suspicious that it couldve just been a normal aircraft. 

The direction of the object seemed to be pretty uniform, it didn't make any sudden changes, it was just extremely slow moving; almost "hovering", going back to my information sweeping theory. I could try to say it was moving more towards Dawnville; however, I lost sight of it whenever I started losing focus, so I cant be exact where it was heading. 

This was a pretty interesting occurrence. I probably wouldnt have published a report, however, I thought itd be informative to. So to summarize this report in case I missed crucial info; At around 19:52/7:52PM I spotted a aircraft that was triangular in shape, underside visible only, appeared flat, had several lights (most white, one or two red) heading towards Dawnville at around 30-50MPH, seemed to be either searching or "sweeping" for something. Residents of the house say theyve seen it before. Craft was white in colour, markings were possible; but not observed.

(Note: Sweeping as in Data sweeps, which means that they picked up all frequencies and communications; which government officials have admitted to doing. Also; potentially taking video or audio surveillance for unknown purposes) 

I look forward to any info I can get related to this event.
Thank you.
