{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-02-27 18:24:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548544","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"9748","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3920,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/544/mufon-5548544.json","updb_database_id":5548544}
Large light drops three "flares", all burnout, all reappear and align.

I was driving home from work on the I-15 freeway heading south. Around 6:24 pm (PST) a small white light in the southeast direction (that I assumed to be airplane lights; because I had just passed Miramar Air Force base and I was nearing a flight instructor school) which was moving in a horizontal direction high in the sky instantly grow to three times its size; and was a solid white light. I slowed down to about 65 MPH and began observing this object from the far left lane. Beneath the large white light a large white flare-like object appeared, it didn1t emerge from large light, it just appeared and began to descend. Another 1flare1 appeared but at a distance beneath the initial flare. A third flare appeared beneath the second flare. All of the 1flares1 feel at about the same speed and all had a lashing white tail. The original large white light was still moving at the same rate of speed. Sudden all of the flares went out at once, they didn1t fizzle out they just vanished. The large white light shrink and within a second it too went out. About three seconds later the second later two of the flares reappeared; I think it was the first and the third flares because they appeared in the same vicinities. A second after the first and third flares appeared the second flare appeared followed be the large white light. The flares no longer had their lashing tails, the looked similar to the large light now. As they appeared they slowed and began to align vertically. When they were in somewhat of a vertical alignment they all went out again but all at once. These lights did not return. About thirty or so seconds later a small white light appear to the southwest. From this light a blue light emerged from it and moved horizontally to the left, it was about the same size of the small light. These lights were a equal distance appear, about the same distance off headlights seen at a hundred yards away. The small white light turned red for a second and when it did these two lights accelerated across the sky to the west; they maintained their distance from each other for a second. The blue light sped up and appeared to reemerge with the small white light and when it did there was a small blink before the light(s) vanished. During this event I called and mentioned it to my family. When I got home I told my older brother about the event. We went outside and started to look in the general vicinity of where the event might have been if they were to see it; which was west. As we were talking I kept looking in the direction of where the event occurred and suddenly spotted a similar large white light. Passenger planes where heading in the direction of this large white light, both of us began comparing this large white light to the landing lights on the planes. The large white light suddenly went out. I hopped up on a small flood-prevention wall that is against our house so I could see over the houses in the distance and could not see the object. The large white light appear about ten seconds later and performed a 1S1 like maneuver while moving west and then vanished when it completed the maneuver; this second sighting occurred just before 7:00 pm; I didn1t even have enough time to settle in. I1ve been darting outside since.
