{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-07-30 08:41:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5292544","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110777","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3118,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/544/mufon-5292544.json","updb_database_id":5292544}
Chrome Top Shaped Object coasting, then stop and hover, then fly off SW

My husband and I were sitting on our back balcony, at the time I saw this silver thing in the sky I was on the phone talking. As soon as I got off I started recording what we were seeing. 
The object almost looked like an upside triangle. When I first saw this, it was flying across the sky and it caught my eye because of the "twinkle" it made as it moved. I pointed it out to my husband and as I started to record the object literally stopped, hovered in place for over 2 minutes, change the direction and flew diagonal from the direction it came.
With the naked eye it looked like it had chrome sides and seemed to spin in thin air, each time the sun would catch the flat edges of the object it would reflect. 
My husband and I were also able to notice that an airplane happened to fly by at the same time that we were watching this object and the plane seemed lower than this triangle thing, and the triangle never seemed to move place other than continue to spin.
Later when I zoomed in on the already zoomed in video I took I noticed that it did seem to have flat edges, appeared to have a pointed top with a flat bottom side. 
I have shown this video to many people including pilots that are friends of mine and no one can give me any clue as to what the object might be. I also put the video on YouTube and while it hasn't been viewed much, no one has spoken up as to what it is that they think it might be. 
I am hoping that you all might be able to give some credible insight as to what in the "world" this might be.... or if it in fact is not at all.
I sent the original video I took, and I did try to zoom in then, however I also sent you the ones where I try to zoom in further by zooming in on the replaying of the video itself... that's a mouthful. 
I am confident that you all have much more advanced media abilities than my iPhones camera at that time. I look forward to hearing from you and finding out what you all think of this.
Thank you for your time
Danielle
P.S. I haven't a clue the degrees in elevation, hence marking 0
