{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-03-26 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479544","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80544","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2623,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/544/mufon-5479544.json","updb_database_id":5479544}
Disc-shaped object seen to left then more directly to my front.

My wife and I were on vacation in Mexico City. As I am an avid photographer, I took a lot of images with my Nikon professional camera of the city and its cathedrals dotting the skyline. As I always do, once I returned home, I cleaned up some of my images using Photoshop. I had already cleaned up a lot of my photos(I sometimes get a dark spot or two on my images), but only last week (11-18-2016) did I notice a foggy section on one of my untouched images. I hadn't noticed it before because I am usually more focused on the subjects of my images rather than on blue skies or cloud formations.

 I was about to clean up and crop more of my images (that needed cleaning up) when I noticed a disc-shaped objet on the upper left corner of one of those images. As I zoomed in closer, it was clear that I had captured something unusual; a disc shaped, cloud-like object with vey clear outlines. I was completely surprised. I wondered if I had more pictures of this objet, so I then jumped to the next image, and sure enough, there it was on the next image. On this next image, the disc-shaped object had straightened out somewhat and had now moved more towards the center of the image. It seems the object was coming in at an angle and then straightened out as it flew over the city.

 I have to admit, when I see something unusual in my pictures, I can usually attribute it to something "common" or "normal". Not this time. I immediately thought of MUFON. This is the first time I have been compelled to report a possible sighting as my curiosity was piqued, and hoped that your staff might be able to identify this object.

 I am attaching the two images mentioned above. As you will notice, they have not been "cleaned up". They are the original untouched images.
