{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1979-10-06 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488544","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71098","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4374,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/544/mufon-5488544.json","updb_database_id":5488544}
Large square of pure white light appears twice, the second time ascending into the night sky.

It was early in the hockey season. Teams had just been selected and pre-season exhibition games were being played in minor hockey around the province. Our London Ontario team had travelled to nearby Stratford Ontario (about 45 minutes drive away) for one of these exhibition games. It was so many years ago, but I believe I was around 10 years old at the time, which places the year at 1979. I believe I was in the Major Atom age grouping in hockey which aligns with the date estimate. 
Our Optimist Club sent all the Major age group teams to Stratford that day, so the Major Atoms would play followed by the Major PeeWees, followed by the Major Bantams and so on. My brother being 2 years older played on the Major PeeWees which meant that after my game, I had to wait around for my brother's game to finish. It had to be either a Friday or Saturday because I had been given permission to have a sleepover with a friend from my hockey team. My friend and I killed time in the arena while my brother played his game. As my brother's game came to to the final buzzer, I asked my Dad if I could have the car keys to go out to the car with my buddy so we could listen to the radio while waiting for my brother to get changed after his game. My dad, probably eager to get us out of his hair, tells me not to start the car, then hands me the keys. It was a fairly mild October night because my friend Mike and I rolled down the front windows of the car, and sat on the car door "window sills" so that we're able to look at each across the roof, while the radio is playing. There we are in the parking lot of the Stratford Arena, sitting in the windows, listening to the radio, when it happened... 
From behind a tree next to the parking lot, a large angular "square" of light suddenly appeared. It looked to be just behind the tree or about 50 feet away, and I'm estimating was about 20 or 30 feet in length on all sides. This was not a light like you see coming from a typical light source, but rather it was like looking into the sun but without any eye irritation, pain, or squinting. The "square" was completely pure and uniform white with no part dimmer than any other-- as I try to describe it today I would say that it looked almost like an sliced opening in the fabric of space. There were no discernable edges around the white light, it was just a huge sheet of pure whiteness. Time seemed to stand still at the time, as I have difficulty remembering the sequence of events after we first saw the light. I remember the light just disappearing and Mike and I running inside the Arena in fear to find my parents. Of course we tried to share our experience with my parents, but we were not taken too seriously -- which really looking back isn't all that surprising. What might they have done? They acknowledged that we saw something, but they didn't see it themselves, and we looked to be unharmed. So what was there to report? and to who?

The next part though, is even more strange to me. As we weree driving home back to London, maybe just a few minutes after leaving Stratford, out of the star-filled sky (at about the 10 o'clock position), another "square" of white light flashes right above the car we're driving in about 100 feet away, and instantaneously retreats back into the sky (to the same area it came from), all within a what seemed like a microsecond. It was almost so fast that you could not detect it's motion path. This time the adults with me saw it. I told them that is what we saw in the car in the parking lot. They said they had no idea what that could have been, then there was a long silence afterward, and we didn't really talk to much about afterward.
