{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-06-24 22:26:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454544","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107074","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4270,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/544/mufon-5454544.json","updb_database_id":5454544}
You can see a bright object soaring up from the bottom right corner of the video screen.

This video was taken at 23:26 p.m. on June 24, 2014 at the camping site near Mt. Tokachidake, which has been famous for UFO sightings for decades. You can see a bright object soaring up from the bottom right corner of the video screen, but in reality, my camera was facing the zenith, and the object was moving horizontally across the sky from the east to the south.

I fixed my camera position and did not follow the object, so the zigzag motion of the object was not because of camera shake. I was the only one looking up the sky and other people (mountain climbers) were already sleeping in their tents.Since the site was at an altitude of 1200 meters and the temperature was very low at night, there were no insects flying, and the fireflies (lightning bugs) do not exist in the area (the fireflies do not fly at such a high speed in the first place and my camera cannot catch such dim lights). The flying insects usually look black in the light and never reflect it so brightly (only the moth would show blurry reflections).

The site was completely dark and there were no outdoor lights nearby (and it was a dark moonless night). I could see many stars in the sky with the naked eyes, but my small digital camera (CASIO EX-H10) could not catch any starlight. So you can guess how bright that object actually was. In the video,the object looks like a prolonged shape but I suppose it would be because of its high speed movement. There are three points where the object shifts direction and at those points its shape looks almost sphere. So I suppose it would be originally a round-shaped object but there is a possibility that it was surrounded by the electromagnetic field.

This video clip is for the general citizens, so at first I did not go into details in my explanation for the media interview especially regarding somewhat mysterious incident occurred before the UFO appeared - About one and half hours before I saw UFO, I was surprised by a small mechanical sound that I heard from my left side (no more than two feet from where I was standing in the camping site), and I saw a long-haired young woman in white clothes. As I mentioned,the site was almost completely dark and I could not even see my shoes very well, so I could narrowly recognized that woman but could not see her face. Then I saw a small and round red light in front of her chest or her solar plexus. I supposed she would be attaching her camera to a tripod to take pictures of beautiful starry sky (but I did not actually see any camera or tripod) . That slender lady was about 5 feet and 7 inches tall and had black hair.
 
Although I wondered why she was working in the darkness without any lights, I stepped back silently because she did not seem to have noticed that I was standing so close to her,and I did not want to surprise a young woman in the darkness. After that I kept standing for a while at some distance from her, but the next time I found that she was gone - disappeared without making any sound of walking. In the camping site,I could hear footsteps very well even if they were more than 20 meters away.
 
I wondered where she had gone because I did not hear any sounds of car. It was too dangerous for anyone to leave the site on foot because there were wild bears often appear in that area. She was not looking up overhead but straight ahead to the east where the Tokachidake mountains rises - and it was the very direction where the UFO appeared about one and half hours later.
