{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287922","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115450","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3410,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/922/mufon-5287922.json","updb_database_id":5287922}
Sometime after 12:30am I saw what look like a craft very similar two a model that Werner von Braun showed an old NASA documentary

I walked out of my front door on to the driveway as I often do to look up at the stars. As I got halfway down the driveway an orange jet or rocket trail I could only see through the trees caught my attention, I was turned around so I must’ve been looking south west. The rocket trail appeared to continue at an angle to my surprise it did not continue after the top of the tree line. Due to the fact that I live in Florida I figured it was something from Cape Canaveral. The sky was dark again but I begin to hear an undescribable noise that continually got louder. Still not thinking much of it I begin to walk down the rest of the driveway and once again looked up and saw a portion of the sky glow orange and witnessed a craft that appeared to be a complete hollow circle on a vertical axis with a long cylindrical tube through the center of it reminded me of a craft I once saw in a NASA documentary from the 50s or 60s that Warner Von Braun had made a model of that I believe was a concept craft using nuclear power per his description. The sky continued to glow even brighter orange as the craft appeared to stay stationary at about 30,000 feet in the air to the southwest. The noise got louder and I begin to turn left and walk towards the end of the driveway and onto the front lawn where there is a set of benches at the edge of our pond. As I approached the benches I witnessed what appeared to be a combination tuning fork / javelin that went end over end until it landed in front of me off to the right about 6 feet. Once this javelin landed it appeared to simultaneously be making a very high-pitched tuning fork type sound and appeared to be gold in color and have white lights going all along it from top to bottom with some sort of lighting briefly being emitted from the top of the javelin which must have been 15 to 20 feet talI. I was very scared and was attempting to be brave at this point and remember stepping forward almost past the javelin and then it disappeared and all was quiet and I was startled by a sound that was similar to an or from a row boat smacking the water. I quickly looked to my left and saw a large droplet as if something had been shot down into the water as a warning shot. At this point I was done being brave and I went back inside and begin to try to process what just happened. In fact I am still trying to make sense of this event. My initial reaction was not to tell anyone for a few days because I did not want to create panic for my family. I thought for sure it must be our technology but how do I prove that. This incident is still relatively fresh in my mind I may have missed a few details but this is the best that I can do for now.
