{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-29 18:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5522922","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"33086","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2726,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/922/mufon-5522922.json","updb_database_id":5522922}
Bright orange colored orb traveling slow, with odd pauses and no sense of direction above western suburbs of chiago

I was at work, I work at a local car dealership and it was about 630 pm on 10/29/2011 I was outside having a cig when out of the corner of my eye i noticed a decent sized orange glow heading toward the south west. I was exactly the color of mars but much larger about the size of a aspirin pill. Now I have lived next to o'hare airport all of my life, so seeing air planes and helicopters is an every day thing for me. As I first glanced at it I thought nothing of it, besides is odd color being that it might be an air plane. I looked back again a few moments later, and noticed that the object had a very low rate of speed. (lower than any plane i have seen travel or helicopter). After watching the object for several min, it has a very odd flight patter seeming to almost be traveling diagonally, and as it came closer to me it started pausing in the sky for a few min then continue its slow rate of speed to the southwest. When the object came closer to me I noticed it was flickering, kinda like if you were to stare at a star and see the atmospheric disturbance. Witch lead me to believe this really might be a ufo, cause in order for it to have that flickering it would haft to be beyond our atmosphere. The object stopped once again So I went to go inside and grab my cell phone to see if i could record this object. So when I came back outside and the object was still there but had gotten a little bit dimmer, then as i tried to record the object it was pretty dim so my cell phone could not pick it up, so i just stood there and watched, and slowly started to just fade away, as though it was traveling away from us, and a few moments later the object was gone. I know what I saw, as I've said before I live next to the busiest airport in the world and I'm a persistent sky watcher, always looking at the night sky, this was nothing I have EVER seen before. I also did scan the skies for other airplanes for a reference, which i did see sevral of them and they did not at all share any characteristics of the
