{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-07-04 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5460922","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"100238","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2811,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/922/mufon-5460922.json","updb_database_id":5460922}
{cak} UFO over Davenport beach on forth of July in between 03 - 05

On July 4th 2004 or 2005, there was a sighting of something weird. A ball of light came from the north over the beach full of at least 500 to 800 people. It stopped dead in it's tracks, pulsated bright white light then shot straight up in the air and was out of sight in a blink of an eye....This is what I remember about that night. 

 The beach was packed with the minimum of 500 people.  I was there with 4 of my best friends. It was no later then 10pm, everyone on the beach we're shoot their fireworks, kids playing in the sand watching the fire works and just being kids. Everyone was really friendly and we were all just one big party. 

 The way the beach is situated is it's like a big C shape cove. The Odwalla juice factory sits on hwy 1 the back of the factory is NE on the north cliff. To the north is Moss beach on the other side of the Cliff. To the South is Bonnie dunes beach the other side of the South Cliff. Clear skies, stars shining just a beautiful night. 

  As I said, it was around 10pm (pst) and we heard someone say " damn they're shooting big boy fireworks at Moss beach! " That when the whole beach looked north and saw what we thought was a huge mortar solid white light firework coming over the north cliff of the beach. But we all started to say that weird how it come over at us in a straight line and 75 feet above us, stopped dead in it's tracks hovered for about 20 second then pulsated sun bright white then shot straight up in the sky and was gone in less then half a second. The weirdest thing about it was it made absolutely no sound. 

 The beach got completely silent. Everyone there, and I MEAN EVERYONE was looking at each other in complete amazement... I mean the only noise you heard was the waves crashing and a few people saying did you fucking see that!?!? I've had a few other weird things I've seen but that takes the cake for me. 

The reason I even posted this was because my friend ( who was there) and I were just recently talking about it. We wanted to see if anyone else in Reddit land would have been there at the same time.... Anyways I hope that gives a little bit more detail.
