{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-06-13 12:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5467922","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92716","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4216,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/922/mufon-5467922.json","updb_database_id":5467922}
VEHICLE APPEARS SUDDENLY WHILE DRIVING ON ROAD.. FEEL IT IS THERE FOR REGULAR STOPS AT AIRPORT . DISAPPEARED AFTER SIGHTING AND

July 13 (no year! Probably about 2007) around noon, driving WIDE AWAKE along toward Maroochy airport Sunshine Coast, Queensland, Australia... just thinking what a beautiful day it was and had nothing particular on my mind...  and on one bend I can see down the runway looking south. As I came into that view I saw a very large, I mean, very large air force jet looking thing hovering in the air, above the airport building roofs but not over the top of the buildings. I literally balked!  It just came into my sight, it didn1t descend or anything, it was just there. 
 This Area is very near an important aboriginal site1 Mount Coolum. Many locals report they observe crafts going into the mountain...
  It had the nose facing toward me but was slightly twisted toward the west so it was almost side on AND I got the impression it was ready for landing. WHY HOW!!! I just assumed this. Then I realized that I was looking at something damn amazing and said out loud WOW and thought I was so lucky to be seeing something so amazing like this1 why arn1t others looking1 why is it hovering, I don1t know any craft that hovers, wow its so big1 I wondered where it was from, and I actually thought there might be an air force show on at the airport... later on I went online and never saw anything that looked like this did.
  I noticed it was a strange, almost very dense dull black shimmer sort of metal and I knew but didn1t see where the pilots would be. I knew they could see me and I knew they knew I could see and feel or think them, but they didn1t communicate, just tolerated me. This metal was soooo strange and interesting, it looked more like material. I knew the being could read my mind and knew I was observing. 
  I was quite close to it, or felt close to it and was amazed later to realize I drove all this time without conscious knowledge of driving, I was more looking and being with this craft. 
  I realized there wasn1t any noise either and something this amazing would have a noise. I got the impression it would be putting down LEGS for landing1.. They were here for a purpose, it seemed a regular scheduled thing they do and ooops, I saw them. This is only my impressions however, I do not KNOW this. 
  The tree line then blocked my view, this was only a minute or so later1. I had no panic, no assuming it was anything but wow, I want to see more and as I came around the next large bend and had another view of the airport through the wire fence 1 there was nothing! I saw some kids looking through the fence and thought they must have seen it too but where was it now. I stopped and looked properly between the buildings and kept driving along around to where I could see properly and nothing. I thought it might be in a hanger but it was too large.
      I went on my way just in awe, wondering and forgot completely about it until the next day. Nothing on the news and no one talking about it1. 
     Pointed sharp wings, three layers getting smaller as they went under each other. A pointed cockpit and bit like the concord but more squashier. I knew it had gas/air blasting out the bottom of the engines1 no flame/fire etc  no sound!! So large.
     Disappeared1 didn1t see it approach the airspace, didn1t see it disappear. I got the distinct impression it either 1cloaked itself1 or 1cloaked it in my mind1. 
 I was so sure I had seen this I almost rang the local radio station to tell them all about it.

PS. I have tried to draw it but memory blocks at this point...
