{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-13 19:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5478922","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"81191","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3136,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/922/mufon-5478922.json","updb_database_id":5478922}
{dr}Several objects flying with 1 hovering

On Oct. 13, 2016 I witnessed several objects flying at a low altitude with what appeared to be contrails. At first they appeared to be jets but the movement of the craft was far too irregular to those of jets and also seemed to be at too low of an altitude. For those who are not aware, it is literally impossible for any craft, at least known to us, to produce any contrails. The best way I can explain it is that craft were making maneuvers that seemed too sharp at close quarters. On top of that, the main object that brought up this curiosity was what appeared to be a cigar metallic shaped object just simply hovering in mid air. The amount of craft that I had seen on this particular date was 7. 6 small craft which, again, appeared to be jets, but then the large cigar shaped craft equalling 7. Now, the photos that are uploaded do not depict the cigar shaped object, but instead depict another craft which i assumed was a jet. But, upon further investigation by sending in a FOIA request to investigate what I had seen, the FAA reported back that there was no activity in the skies on that particular date nor the time that I had suggested. A copy of all findings and requests made is uploaded into this case. My purpose of submitting this is to see what other people think as well as what the experts believe it could be. It is possible I may have gotten 2 crafts in a couple of the pictures, however I think one of the potential crafts is just a bug that got in the frame. One other thing, as I mentioned before, i saw 7 total craft. Of the 7, 6 appeared to be jets, but before they appeared to be solid objects, I witnessed them as simply white dots. It is possible they could have been stars and I was just seeing jet aircraft, but in the pictures, especially the really zoomed in picture, you can very faintly make out a few white dots. If I could get a possible answer as to whether those are just stars/planets I picked up or if they could be objects, that would also be appreciated. I look forward to finding out what is found during this investigation. Thank you
