{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-07 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504922","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53957","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2471,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/922/mufon-5504922.json","updb_database_id":5504922}
{nd} Saw disk change direction sped off

I left the McDonalds at Guilford College Road at Piedmont Parkway. I was driving North on Piedmont Parkway towards Wendover Avenue. I looked at the clock in my car and it said 1:59 and it was afternoon. As I drove North I saw a large passenger jet that had taken off from the Greensboro airport. As watched the jet I saw farther off behind it another flying object. The jet was traveling South West(ish) and climbing. The object behind it was higher and farther away and appeared to be a disc shaped craft. The disc shaped craft was traveling due West, flat and level. The jet crossed in front of the disc from my perspective. The disc was traveling slow, slower than the jet. Part of this has to do with relative distance but, I believe that the disc was, in fact, traveling slower than the jet. I began to think that the disc was just another jet appearing to be a disk due to distance and angle. Then the disc sped back over the path that it had just come down and a very high rate of speed and was gone in an instant.

When I saw this I was shocked. Even though I had seen it as a disc shaped object I didn't expect it to actually do anything unexpected and out of character with a normal flight behavior. When I say it went back from the way it came I mean that it was like a whip action. It was cruising along and then in the blink of an eye went back the direction from which it had come and was gone.

The jet was probably a mile or more away as I watched it. At the time I was just watching it and trying to figure out what airline it was from the paint scheme (never did figure that out). The disc object was quite a bit farther behind the jet, maybe another mile away. It was about the size of an aspirin held at arms length. If it had not changed directions and sped away so fast I suspect that I would have ignored it.
