{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-12-24 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5456303","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"105293","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4249,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/303/mufon-5456303.json","updb_database_id":5456303}
{tjd} Acorn shaped craft that would slightly change shape rapidly with 3 lights to its left and right. Extremely similar to STARWARS tie fighter

I noticed as I got home from doing the Christmas Eve thing with the family something flying towards my back door at about 500 ft it just didn't look right as it was being followed by a black helicopter and this would not be the first time I've seen something like this as I recorded or at least posted almost 250 videos now of sidings I've had each of those videos having multiple sightings.so I was well aware of the things in the sky that were out of the usual and sure enough as soon as my camera was able to finally focus as the camera would get fuzzy every time a light with flash on The Craft as per usual I was finally able to make out the brown and black surface almost looked like a rock but in the shape of an acorn. Blank to its left and right WEAR 3 lights the two to the right one would stay constant White and the other one flash red and then on the exact opposite side another one with flash White. I'm not quite sure how this thing with land as I said it was shaped like an acorn and the lights seem to be attached to some sort of wing like structure and it reminded me almost exactly like a TIE fighter from Star wars. It made absolutely no sound and the helicopter that was following it was at tree level while the tie fighter was at about 500 ft.I worked in the Air Force has a satellite maintainer for 10 years work for NASA for 2 years and work for Delta for two years I'm well aware of what is supposed to be in the sky and I'm well aware of things that would be black projects or things that would be just man-made and this just seemed way out of the ordinary especially by the way it would rapidly change shapes yet still keep the acorn shape roughly the whole time. On the top it seemed like it had some sort of dome or helmet type shape with a spine like structure in the center flowing towards the back and then to the left and right of the center spine where to other spines that also flow towards the back. This happened on December 24th today is December 31st and I was actually able to catch it again tonight two more times. This time much harder to catch as it did a good job at blurring my camera. I forgot to mention the video I will link that shows the actual craft you did the same thing and bird my camera quite a bit but as it got to a very particular angle almost directly underneath it . as it would flash I was really able to catch a great shot of it because it actually reflected off of the side of the craft when normally anything I've seen flashes never reflects like that off the craft so much and gives it away.
