{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-06-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5521303","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"34962","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":15061,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/303/mufon-5521303.json","updb_database_id":5521303}
Orleans UFO observed travelling towards Ottawa at 9x speed of sound (4 miles in 2 seconds). There was no engine noise, no sonic boom. UFO observed by 5 students at Carleton University. Written up in Ottawa Citizen.

Special note: Error in form. The province field for Canada does not activate when selected. Country is Canada. Province is Ontario. City is Ottawa. (I had to select the United States and Nevada for the form to save.)

-----------

Written up on December 23, 2011

I have created Google Map Images of my location and UFO passage that are added below.

Ottawa, Canada UFO 1 Summer 1986

During the summer of 1986 when I was 24 years old, I was very fortunate to witness a high speed UFO travelling just above the Ottawa River at what I estimate to be 3,000 to 5,000 feet. This observation is based on aircraft normally flying at 20,000 to 30,000 feet.

The craft was a cigar shape. Tapered at both ends and thickening in the middle.

The width and thickness of the object observed from my distance was that of a Canadian dime. True length of object viewed from 1.7 miles is 30 meters to 40 meters.

Please note that the human eye has a natural zoom capability for distant objects of about 1,800x. This observation is based on my use of a modern 2011 Sony video camera with a 50x optical zoom and 1,800x digital zoom. Model DCR - SR20

Distance to object has been estimated at 1.7 to 2 miles using Google Earth, measuring from the top of the hill at the intersection at Duford Street and Jamison Avenue.

My viewing location for this event was at the top of the Queenswood Heights hill in Orleans located approximately 10 miles from Ottawa. Intersection at Duford Street and Jamison Avenue. 

In 1986 there were no houses built on this hill giving a clear view of the Ottawa River and the Gatineau Valley 1.7 miles away.

Month of sighting is June 1986. Estimate

Viewing time was between 15:00hrs to 17:00hrs, broad daylight.

I had the UFO in sight for only 2 seconds.

Later on I would determine with Google Earth that the distance covered by the UFO during my observation time was 4 miles. This was possible because of my elevated position on Queenswood Heights Hill giving me a clear view of the Ottawa River and Gatineau Valley in the distance.

The UFO travelled rapidly over the Ottawa River moving in an East to West direction towards the city of Ottawa.

The UFO would be spotted by several students at Carleton University, reported to the Ottawa Citizen newspaper, and written up the next day in a small story.

The event happened on a Friday. Exact date unknown.

Technical details of the event.

Time in view 2 seconds.

Distance covered 4 miles.

Speed 4 miles per 2 seconds.

4 miles = 6437.376 metres

6437.376 m in 2 seconds

Speed of the UFO = 3,218.688 m /s

Speed of sound at sea level 340.29 m/s

Speed of the UFO = 9.45866 times the speed of sound

The UFO moved through the air in absolute complete silence.

There was no sonic boom associated with this high speed travelling object and I was completely surprised. I was listening for it intently.

This UFO therefore had the capability to move through a medium like air without displacing it.

Travelling at 9.45x the speed of sound the only way NOT to create a sonic boom is NOT to displace the medium of air in the first place.

Therefore UFO craft have an ability to move through a medium like air and water without displacing it. This means that there is NO friction with the medium allowing such fast velocities and changes in direction when required.

How this is accomplished is not known at this time.

Could a magnetic field enable an object to move through a medium without displacing it?

A engineering challenge for future aircraft designers.

The technology to move an object through a medium without displacing it exists.

I have seen it in 1986 and that was 25 years ago.

-------------

Tuesday January 17, 2012

Arnold Vinette
Ottawa, Canada

Noble Peace Prize Committee
cc Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper 
 (Please forward to Caandian Defense UFO Research)

Re: How UFOs achieve such high velocities like 9x the speed of sound without breaking the sound barrier causing a sonic boom. How UFOs achieve extreme manoeuvrability at high speeds. How UFOs achieve such rapid acceleration that defy the laws of physics.

After watching the documentary below last night I came up with a hypothesis for how UFOs accomplish their tricks. I have been thinking about this subject for the past 25 years since my own observation of a UFO travelling towards Ottawa, Canada at 9x the speed of sound without breaking the sound barrier. This UFO was spotted by four other independent observers in June 1986 and written up in the Ottawa citizen newspaper.

Best UFOs Documentary 1 I Know What I Saw 1 Full 1:30:31 hrs - Good
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Mia70txRLXc&feature=related

Arnold Vinette

--------------

UFO Time Slip Drive

Last night I went to bed thinking about a comment that I had written about UFOs and their ability to defy conventional wisdom by travelling above the speed of sound without breaking the sound barrier.

UFOs are observed to travel at high velocity and change direction as if beyond capability.

When I was 24 years old, I was very fortunate to witness a UFO in June 1986 travelling above the Ottawa River at about 5,000 feet towards the city of Ottawa at a very high rate of speed. Later on in 2010 I would determine the speed of the UFO to be 9x the speed of sound based on the fact that it covered a 4 mile distance in 2 seconds. Event happened on a Thursday or Friday in the late afternoon in June 1986.

The presence of jet fighters are very rare in Ottawa, but at least once every two years one would fly over Queenswood Heights, Orleans where I lived from 10 years to 26 years of age. From experience I knew that jet fighters generated a lot of noise when they passed overhead.

Standing at the top of the Queenswood Heights hill, overlooking the scenic Ottawa River and Gatineau, Quebec (intersection of Duford and Jamison Avenue) I was intrigued by a very high velocity object that suddenly came into view travelling East to West over the Ottawa River (5,000 feet estimate) headed up river towards the city of Ottawa 10 miles (15.6km) away.

Upon seeing the high speed object cover 4 miles in 2 seconds, I immediately began listening intently for a sonic boom and any kind of engine noise. There was nothing, the object was completely silent and there was NO sonic boom. 1Impossible,1 I thought at the time. 

1How could an object travel so rapidly through the air and NOT make a sonic boom1, I wondered?

The UFO was observed by four other students seconds later, who then contacted the Ottawa Citizen who wrote up a story the next day and printed it in the newspaper. I was thrilled to have seen the news story to learn that other people had witnessed what I had seen.

I instantly became a UFO believer having witnessed my own event. Then my life moved on and I forgot about the incident.

Throughout the next few years I would read about more UFO sightings and see video footage in 2006 shot from the US Space Shuttle showing a high velocity object travelling over Canada and the United States at a phenomenal rate of speed. The speed of the UFO was very similar to the one I had observed in 1986, twenty years earlier.

Out of curiosity, in 2010 I would determine from Google Earth and Google Maps that the UFO I had observed in 1986 was travelling at 9x the speed of sound. I had the UFO in sight for a distance of 4 miles due to my elevated viewing angle on Queenswood Heights hill. The time for the UFO to travel this 4 miles was two seconds. 

The UFO is estimated to have been 1.76 to 2 miles away from where I stood on the Queenswood Heights hill to the middle of the Ottawa River. Estimate determined using Google Earth.

The UFO was an aerodynamic cigar shape approximately 30m to 40m (1,000ft) in length.

From my perspective the UFO was the width and thickness of the edge of a dime. 

If one were to stretch out their right arm, index finger pointed out and slowly draw your arm in arc from right to left this was the velocity of the UFO over the Ottawa River 1.76 to 2 miles away. Time in sight was 2 seconds. Distance covered 4 miles. Velocity 9x the speed of sound.

Sonic boom 1 none.

Engine noise 1 none.

Disturbance of air around the object 1 none.

If you have ever seen a fighter jet travelling at or above the speed of sound near the ground you can see the shock wave around the aircraft. The water vapour in the air condenses into droplets around the aircraft. It is very cool to see.

So a UFO can move through a medium like air without displacing it. 

This then allows the UFO to move through air at above the speed of sound without making a sonic boom.

In my case and others UFOs are observed to travel at 9x the speed of sound and faster without creating a sonic boom. Meaning the medium of air is NOT displaced when the UFO travels through it.

The same effect has also been seen with UFOs travelling through the water.

UFOs can travel at a high rate of speed through a medium without displacing the medium they are in.

UFOs it then stands to reason, do not experience friction from air molecules like other aircraft.

UFOs have also been observed making impossible manoeuvres in the air like abrupt jumps to the left and right of aircraft and fore and aft of aircraft. 

UFOs have also been observed making abrupt 90 degree turns above the speed of sound.

Impossible?

If UFOs do not displace the medium they travel through then why are they so streamlined?

Why are UFOs cigar shape? Why not a cube? Why be so aerodynamic?

Another clue. Fighter jets engaging UFOs report a loss of their control surfaces and electronic instrumentation when they get too close. 

All of the above observations make sense if one considers that we live in Space-Time and the UFO is warping time around it.

The UFO is streamlined because it is travelling through the medium of air.

However it is travelling through the air VERY slowly from its perspective.

The UFO is travelling in a bubble of accelerated time.

The world outside of this time bubble is moving in slow motion.

This explains the observation of UFOs travelling at high velocities through the medium of air and water without apparently displacing it. The time frame of the UFO relative to its surroundings is adjustable based on the time acceleration in the bubble surrounding the UFO.

This explains how a UFO can suddenly accelerate away at an unbelievable speed.

The UFO is NOT accelerating away. The observers time reference is being slowed down relative to that of the UFO.

UFOs making abrupt 90 degree turns in flight can now be explained if one understands that the UFO is moving very slowly in its bubble of accelerated time. To the outside observer from their frame of slowed time the manoeuvres seem impossible. However from the perspective of the UFO inside the accelerated time bubble they are moving very slowly.

Therefore a UFO can never create a sonic boom, because it is never close to breaking the speed of sound in its time reference.

This can best be illustrated by running a movie through a projector at a much faster speed. The action in the film seems to be impossible based on known physical laws. The observer is experiencing a slower time reference to that of the film. 

The UFO appears to do amazing feats of aerodynamics and acceleration because it is accelerating time in its bubble.

When jet fighters get to close to a UFO in flight they risk penetrating the accelerated time bubble surrounding the UFO. 

This is what causes a jet aircraft to loose flight control. The jet is moving from a normal time frame of 600mph to one of 60mph or slower. The fighter jet cannot stay in the air at the much slower speed.

Moving through the accelerated time bubble no doubt causes avionics to behave in very strange ways, which has what has been observed in numerous military cases. Specifically that of the Iranian pilot in 1984.

It is impossible for modern jet fighters to catch an aerodynamic UFO, because the UFO has the ability to accelerate time in the bubble that surrounds it. The greater the risk posed by the fighter jet, the more that time is accelerated in the UFO bubble to escape the threat.

The UFO never changes its velocity. Only the time acceleration changes, relative to the outside world.

The creation of a time accelerated bubble around the UFO may be tied to the gravitational drive that keeps it aloft in the air.

It is important to remember now that the UFO is now moving slowly in accelerated time.

This acceleration of time may also affect gravity allowing the craft to appear to be weightless.

The concept of accelerating time in the bubble that surrounds the spacecraft can be extrapolated even further to allow these spacecraft to travel between star systems and galaxies. The speed of light is NEVER broken inside the space-time bubble. However outside the UFO Bubble in normal space-time the spacecraft would appear to defy physics breaking the speed of light.

The speed of light however has never been broken, only time has been accelerated in the confined bubble containing the spacecraft / UFO. To my knowledge there is no limit to the acceleration of time.

Therefore faster than light travel is theoretically possible from an outside viewers perspective.

The same phenomenon is observed when UFOs are observed to be travelling faster than the speed in normal space-time, yet there is no sonic boom (in my observation 9x the speed of sound). This is because in the accelerated space-time bubble surrounding the UFO, the UFO is NOT exceeding the speed of sound, nor is it even close to it. Therefore no sonic boom is ever heard.

The same concept applies to faster than light travel from a normal space-time perspective.
UFOs can exceed the speed of light by simply accelerating time in their space-time bubble.
Speeding up time is much easier and convenient to enable interstellar travel.

Arnold Vinette
Ottawa, Canada
