{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-10-01 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525303","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"30462","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4147,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/303/mufon-5525303.json","updb_database_id":5525303}
stationary cloud formation in an otherwise perfectly CLEAR sky emitting hundreds of lightning bolts within cloud and cloud to ground

I regret not having reported this at the time of the sighting. I basically filed it away as ((thee)) strangest thing I've ever seen in my life. But my mind keeps harkening back to this evening so often I feel I must pursue an explanation.

I'm a highly-intelligent, educated, open-minded independent businesswoman 
who is also an amateur astronomer, having been President of the Berks County Amateur Astronomical Society for 3 years and a member of the Lehigh Valley group for many years.
At the time of the sighting, I was 59.

It was a Friday evening in the early fall of 2007. (I regret not having 
noted the date at the time).
I pulled in to the parking lot of the Riviera Restaurant located on Rt. 272 near Reamstown, PA. (Lancaster County)
Getting out of the car, I noted to myself how amazingly clear and crisp the weather had become after a day of hazy and cloudy skies.

Coming out of the restaurant around 9:30 pm, I sat down behind the wheel of my car and looked straight out of my windshield onto a single clumping of white, solid-looking cumulus-like clouds hovering at what seemed to be an unusually low altitude. My car was oriented facing the South East.

The entire formation was about the size of my fist 
held at arms' length. I can only guess it was between 5 and 10 miles in the distance.
It was 25 to 30 degrees above the horizon with an absolutely CLEAR sky 
everywhere else.
Lightning bolts were wrapping themselves around the cloud and through the 
cloud, with occasional bolts directed downward to the ground.
I was transfixed by this strange sight. Bolts of lightening almost every 
second, some of them illuminating the cloud from behind, and some directly visible as forked powerful bolts of lightning. It was like I was sitting at a drive-in movie.

I remember thinking to myself, "Good Lord, the people living underneath that cloud must be thinking it's the end of the world".
I observed this for over 20 minutes... hundreds of lightning bolts, sometimes two or three at a time. At least one every second or so. NO sound. Where was the thunder?

At the time I had a Pilot weather application for my cell phone which had a lightning 'mode' whereby one could see lightning strikes in a storm shown as individual yellow 'X's on the map of an area . I enlarged the map area to include a hundred mile radius from my location. Not ONE single lightning strike appeared in the entire area except for a huge ball of yellow directly over where I estimated the cloud to be located, SE of Reamstown.
So many lightning strikes that individual X's merged into a ball of yellow.

As there was no sign of this phenomenon letting up, and being tired after a full work-day, I headed home towards Reading but kept an eye on the cloud in my rear-view mirrors for several miles until the road led me over a hill and I lost sight of it.

Recently, I decided to Google Earth the location, and discovered that within 5 - 7 miles (correction, Google map says 10 miles) in the line of sight from my car and the estimated location of 
the cloud, there exists a QUARRY (Silver Hill Quarry, Narvon, PA) as well as further on the highest point for many miles, a pinnacle about 600 in altitude (State Game Lands #52) This area seems to be the 
least inhabited of this local part of the county.

Was this a cloud-wrapped UFO "recharging" using the water and/or minerals in the quarry?
