{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-06-13 01:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547303","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"17464","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4129,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/303/mufon-5547303.json","updb_database_id":5547303}
Bright orb hovering and dropping unknown substance/objects.

On late friday night into the early hours of saturday my friend and myself were in my back yard observing some party-goers coming from a party on my street. We were facing north, away from the house, standing in the yard watching two people when a vertical line of bright lights caught both of our attention. At this point it was 1:05 am. We both stood up as high as we could to try and decipher what we were looking at. A large tree obstructed our view somewhat at first, until the object rose to a height that was no longer blocked by the tree. At first glance it appeared that it was multiple bright orbs, but we immediately realized that it was one bright orb that was dropping something else that was very bright as well. It became apparent that the object was slowly rising from the treeline. The orb or sphere was a bright white light, and at some moments appeared a red color. As it slowly rose in elevation, things were either being dropped from the object or falling from it. The substance that was falling from the orb was just as bright as the object itself, but smaller in size. It did not look like there were other orbs falling from it, but almost a liquid-like substance falling at free fall speed towards the ground. We never saw anything touch the ground, the things falling lost their bright light before reaching the ground or trees below it. I questioned running inside to get a camera but decided not to leave. The falling substance/objects appeared bright white and sometimes red as well. 

The object was roughly 1 mile to 1.5 miles away from us, and was N,NE from our position. When we first saw it, it was aproximately 10-15 degrees off the horizon, but eventually rose to about 30 or 35 degrees. It appeared to be anywhere from 300 to 500 feet in the air
I live SW of CSU campus, and we were looking in the sky just north of the west side of campus.

The object slowly rose for about 2 or 3 minutes, then at 1:08 it stopped rising and hovered in one spot. At this point the object had not moved in a horizontal motion at all, only moving up. The object hovered and the unknown substance was still falling from it. It hovered in one spot for about two minutes. Throughout the encounter the substance seemed to be falling at a constant rate, if i had to guess i would say every 1 to 2 seconds another glowing substance would fall from the orb. The substance continued to fall until about 1:10 AM, when the object's bright light faded. It now appeared to be a much smaller red light, about the size of a very bright star in the distance. It was hard to see now, and it began moving west from its origional position. It also appeared to climb in elevation a great amount within seconds, because soon our view was obstructed by clouds. As it faded away, it was extremely hard to keep your eye on it, it looked like a very distant star, and it was a very small red light. The light appeared and then became obstructed by the clouds, only to reappear again but a little further westward. We tried to keep our eyes on it but by 1:15 AM we could no longer see anything. 

We waited outside and continued to scan the skies for planes or helicopters but did not see or hear anything further. We drove around town in the area under where we thought the object might have been, trying to see if we could see or hear anything unusual but found nothing.

It was a very busy friday night and i am sure that we were not the only ones who could have seen this.
