{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-23 19:44:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515303","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42860","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2962,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/303/mufon-5515303.json","updb_database_id":5515303}
{nd} 2 orange circular crafts moving towards my direction extemely fast then hovered over me. Wife also saw them as they moved away and went dim,one then the other.

I was going out to get the mail at 7:40 pm on Sept. 23rd in the Bucks County area at my home. I was carrying my Yorkie and after getting my mail I was in the driveway and looked up and to the NW sky. I always look up at the stars to see where the big dipper is because I told my grand daughter to think of us every time she looks up and sees it. I could see 2 circular glowing objects miles in the distance and as I continued to look at them they moved towards my location extemely fast and hovered over me. The rate of speed that they traveled was faster than ive ever seen anything travel in my life. It took only seconds to cover what seemed like miles from where I first saw them to my location overhead. At that moment I ran through the garage and opened the door to the house and told my wife to come outside now. I ran back out and heard her following. As we got outside of the garage I told her to look up and she did. They were still hovering above us at that point. We stood there looking up and the two crafts one behind the other for a minute or so and then they started to move SW at a slow rate of speed. They were in a front to back formation. The movement was not steady but seemed to be erratic movements which put them at different distances between them as the moved in the SW direction away from us. We never took our eyes off of them. We moved to the end of our driveway to continue to watch them. As they moved away the first craft started blinking and went dark and was no longer visable. The second craft did the same exact thing but only after the first craft went completely dark. They looked as though the orange yellowish color was swirling on them. The color of them had movement. We both stood there looking at each other for a few minutes and started saying "can you believe what we just witnessed?". We were excited and couldnt stop talking about the rest of the night. The one thing that bothers us both is why neither one of us grabbed our phones to capture it. Although if my wife would have taken the extra time to grab her phone she may have missed it so im kinda glad she didn't. Shes a bit skeptical about UFOs so her seeing them first hand as I did was great.
