{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-09-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497303","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62062","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4488,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/303/mufon-5497303.json","updb_database_id":5497303}
Dumb-bell shaped object

In the very early hours of a Sunday morning I was in the process of turning off house lights before going to bed. Having done so I stopped as I often do to look out of the dining room window where because of the elevated and isolated position of the house, with the lights off there is a view south taking in the night sky which I would on many occasions take in looking for constellations, planets and so on.

On this occasion I spent maybe ten minutes or so looking out in this direction. as I looked south, suddenly and swiftly a large object travelled from my left upper field of view in the direction I was looking and disappeared beyond a copse of trees that stand on a ridge south of my house. 

The speed of travel meant that I could only have had sight of it for a matter of five seconds or so but I will never forget what I saw. 

Apart from the visual impression, my recollection of the event that stands out was my brain wrestling to force-fit the shape observed to that of a conventional aircraft and failing, leaving me with a sense of how nonsensical what I had just seen was. To describe the almost instantaneous process, it was essentially as follows: 1) Direction of travel noted. 2) There is the fuselage, 3) that means the wings must be.......! 4) There are no wings!! 

The shape and colour of the object I recall very vividly. It was dumb-bell shaped. As it was going away from me I could not see the front. However, the leading structure appeared spherical. There was then a tubular section which had three or four panels, rectangular in shape, in series set in the visible side of this tubular section.There was no perceivable change in colour between the panels and the rest of the object so I assume the panels were not windows.

The rear section appeared to be symmetrical in size to the forward end but shape wise it would best be described as tear-shaped. It was a reasonably complex shape and conformed with what might be interpreted as a propulsion section, similar to the rear of a jet engine. Working backwards from the maximum diameter of the rearmost 'dome' there were four vents arranged concentrically around a central circular vent. Those four vents occupied the full 360 degrees of the sphere and were separated from each other by a narrow but substantive element or fairing that tapered onto the central tubular vent. In contrast to the side panels the interior of the vents were black. The interior of the central tubular vent was black.I saw no emissions from the rear end - the whole thing moved quickly through my field of vision but because of its direction of travel I had a prolonged view of the rear end detail.

During the time I saw it it may have travelled some five plus miles. 

At first the western side and underside appeared to be illuminated by sodium glare from a nearby town but on further thought that did not explain how the rear end was illuminated so that I could see the detail I could! It may well have been emitting light - a dull overall glow perhaps.

Colour-wise the object seemed to be an oxidised aluminium colour but with that tinge of sodium orange overall.

In terms of size I judge it against the direction of travel and its disappearance behind trees on the ridge in front of me. Logically it must have been substantial. I have seen a nuclear submarine in construction and I would estimate the diameter of the central tubular component to have exceeded that of the sub and the end structures to be at least twice the diameter of that central element.

I saw no markings on the object at all.

I made contemporary sketches of the object which I have kept private. Although the object was in sight for such a short time I will never forget the mental sensation of the brain seeking to force-fit the shape to convention and the detail of that rear structure which is indelibly fixed in my memory.
