{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-10 06:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484455","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75375","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2601,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/455/mufon-5484455.json","updb_database_id":5484455}
seen hovering whilst in traffic on the way to work. Traffic started moving then lost sight.

I am not the owner of this JPEG picture. I was visiting a friend in Manchester and we went round to one of he's friends for a coffee. There were a few people there including the dad of my friends friend. Somehow the topic of conversation went onto the subject of our universe and my friend mentioned that i was into UFO's. Immediately, the dad of my friends friend stood up and said "hey, i saw something weird in the sky on the way to work last week whilst crawling in traffic. I had my phone on the dashboard and i picked it up and took one pic of it. I looked at it for about 20-30 seconds and it just stood there. I have never seen anything like it. It was not a plane or a hot air balloon or a friggin helicopter. I dont know what it was but i thought it was weird and took a pic of it. Then the traffic started moving and i forgot about it and concentrated on driving."

That is what he roughly said. I tried interrogating him but he was one of those live for today types who believes in nothing and has hardly any educational background, a working class van driver basically. He just kept going off the subject and didn't want to entertain me on my UFO thoughts. But from his mannerism and the enthusiasm in the way he described the event, it led me to believe he was not lying. And when he showed me the photo, i was gob smacked.

Now, to get the photo, i had to go round his sons house the next day and he pulled it off his dads facebook page, where he uploaded it to. I say this because the original may be better quality but i cannot be certain, just laying down the facts for your scrutiny. But i'm sure the original i saw on the phone was a lot clearer and detailed, but that also could be because of a smaller phone screen.

Anyways, hope this is a valid UFO, looking at it closely, i believe it is.....
