{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-09-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515455","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42703","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2376,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/455/mufon-5515455.json","updb_database_id":5515455}
{cak} Spotted the first light. It changed directions with movement no human craft can make. Multiple other lights also appeared out of nowhere also changing in brightness and making movement impossible with human aircraft.

It was roughly midnight when a friend and i first spotted the light. This isnt the first time we have seen them. WE have witnessed these lights above prunedale a couple weeks ago also. The first light was obviously moving very strangly and i quickly realized that it definately was not an airplane. WE proceeded to get out of the car to watch when we started noticing multiple other lights popping up out of nowhere and flying across the sky at impossible to airplane speeds. These lights flashed red similar to that of a plane, but the difference was that they were seeminly pin needle in size from our perspective. Also i would be staring directly at the area when they popped up. No cloud cover and i have very good eye sight and can easily determine when something is a plane. These objects were an obvious long distance away from us yet they seemed to fly from one side of the sky to the other in the matter a few seconds. While also moving oddly. The first one i noticed actually stopped taking its path forward for a moment, then continue to make quick short movements in a circular shape to the left then right. It continued to move forward after that until it left my view. The thing with these objects is the fact that they would sometimes seem closer YET still seem the exact same size. Where as any plane that came near was an obvious plane. It looks to me that these objects are mainly condensed over an area of prunedale behind a road known as old stage road. There is nothing back there for miles and noone honestly really knows whats back there.
