{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-04-10 21:18:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548455","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"10264","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2602,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/455/mufon-5548455.json","updb_database_id":5548455}
triangular object, traveling north to south at 12 oclock position in sky, no sound

I was out in my front yard to watch the ISS flyover on 4/10/08. The ISS appeared in the NNW sky at 9:14pm, was very bright, passed overhead and faded out at 9:16 pm aprox. Aprox 2 minutes later I noted a trangular object approaching from the North, it was oriented with the tip of the triagle to the front and the base to the rear. The tips of the triagle were dimly lit with striated lights. The lights were silver in color with black stripes, and filled each corner equally such that they were also triangular in shape. The color of the object was flat black, it was light absorbing, dull in nature. I could not hear any noise from the vehicle. It passed directly over my head, headed southward toward
Mather AFB (?). The object faded out of view at about the 1 oclock position of the horizon (if the horizons were at 9pm and 3 pm respectively. The object/craft flew in a straight line, and maintained the same altitude through out my observation. My impression was that it was traveling at a slow rate of speed, somewhat like an approach to the landing field.
My house is situated in the flight path of Mather AFB. Numerous aircraft from UPS other cargo carriers use Mather for a buismess hub. We also frequenly see aircraft from Beale AFB in the flight pattern (T38, C5A) as they use Mather as part of the touch and go training. I wonder if this was a miliatry fly over? Night training? But it did not feel like a standard AF type plane. Also, there was NO, absolutely no noise from this object or configuration of landing lights or operational lights. Virtually no lights at all except for the faintly glowing courners of the craft. My other suspicious would be some type of stealth prototype or maybe even a drone aircraft. I would love to know if any other reports come in, with the ISS flyover and subdued moonlight it was a good amateur astronomy night. Hopefully someone else saw what I did and will report it.
Thanks.
