{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1972-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5482455","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"77507","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3068,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/455/mufon-5482455.json","updb_database_id":5482455}
First sighted incredible light 7 miles ahead of highway. Craft travelling 20 feet over power line in roadway ditch. It passed me about 25 feet above road height and continued on above power line. Did not waver in strong wind.

Craft was shaped like a top, about three feet wide at the top. Top tapered to bottom which was about one foot wide. Fire engine red with no sign of doors or windows. Overall size was five feet high by three feet across at widest top of craft. At the bottom was a light, too bright to look at, rotating throughout the sighting. 

Firstly I sighted a flashing light which was too brilliant to look at - about seven miles down a divided four-lane straight and level highway - no trees along highway except in the distance where craft first sighted. It was travelling toward me just over a very low power line along the highway. The power line it was over was, at the most, 50 feet from my car and built below the roadway in the ditch. When the craft passed me it would not have been more than twenty-five feet above me as it travelled only about twenty feet or less above the power line. It was travelling at a speed which was slightly faster than my car (60 mph) and the cars in oncoming lane. It came toward my vehicle at a steady rate over the power line, without wavering; although there was a wind of about 100+ mph that afternoon around 5 pm. (Extreme strong winds are common in this area.) As the craft came closer, I could see the light at the bottom was rotating but too bright to look at. 

I watched the approximate ten minutes it took to travel along the road toward my vehicle. It passed me and continued down the highway over the power line until I lost sight in my rearview mirror. It made absolutely no sound.

I watched for sighting reports in our local paper and on TV that evening and next day as the highway was very busy with after work traffic. I never saw a report of any kind which left me stunned. I, also, did not report the sighting to anyone as I had my newborn daughter in the car next to me and felt someone else would report as many, many people had to have seen what I saw - close up in the early summer afternoon!

I watched the craft intently making note of the size very carefully and searched the red craft for any sign of doors/windows. The exterior appeared to be solid with no cracks for a door or window. A smaller man would have been able to sit inside but a tall man would not have been able to stand erect.
