{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-18 14:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498455","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60728","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3341,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/455/mufon-5498455.json","updb_database_id":5498455}
{jd} 6 objects spotted

Was sitting outside having coffee and the wind picked with a force twice in a row, as if there were a storm brewing but not much for clouds in the sky. I noticed what looked like a plastic bag floating in the air high up as with what happens in the city sometimes, wouldn't be the first I see that. Then I noticed something else that seemed to flicker, I followed that until I couldn't see it anymore and just kept looking around in the sky and that's when I saw the first object floating around. I have airplane paths above my house since I am so close to the international airport here and have lived in this house for 20 years, I know what a plane looks like and what I saw today was no plastic bag, no airplane, no balloons. Ok, so I was watching the object that appeared to flash every so often and in total awe of this I just kept watching, just then my mother and her fiance came home and I kept my eye on it, as soon as she got out of the car the second one appeared. I told her to come quick so she could see it, she did see the one nearest a small cloud passing by but couldn't see the other one. So she picked up my brother and left. No more than 30 seconds after she had pulled away in her car there came 6 flashing/shiny/flickering objects, they drifted from east to west then hovered for a few minutes as they seemed to mingle in the sky with each other, 3 of them were a bit faded to see than the other 3 which were very clear to see, then they drifted back off to the east as the 3 dimmer objects seemed to vanish into thin air, the other 3 that I could still see seemed to stop again and hovered without much motion and eventually faded into thin air. I had always hoped to see a cluster of ufo's and today was that day. I wanted so badly to grab my camera but was afraid I would miss seeing it for myself. After they faded off I did go grab my camera and hoped to catch a glimps of them again. The photos I have are shot blindly into the sky, they were so small and it was very bright out today. These are 2 objects seen later at different times. The video I took blindly shows from what I was able to note, at 9, 25 & 28 seconds into the video, again this video was taken after the 6 objects were seen.
