{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-03-07 19:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527476","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28149","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2835,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/476/mufon-5527476.json","updb_database_id":5527476}
Central New York 2 silent bright lights, tethered. 03/07/2011 7pm EST heading due West.

At about 7:10pm est I stepped outside my kitchen door looking South East. Right above me (approx 80 degrees) and to the right I noticed two bright lights, not pulsating, very low (lower than typical airplanes), silent (no noise whatsoever - and being in the country/rural setting with little road traffic we can hear distant noise quite well) and going in a straight line heading South East. These 2 lights were traveling low, and what seemed to be the same speed - almost like they were tethered. At about a 50 degree angle the lights disappeared. I had been straining to check if I heard any noise and didn't hear anything. I thought, if the lights weren't tethered then perhaps the lights were part of a same object. I also thought if the lights were part of an object or objects then their brightness might be explained by the setting sun's reflection however the lights weren't high enough to catch what any remaining sun there was - which wasn't much since the evening darkness was past the dusk. And the lights were bright, like what you'd see from a plane's headlines, but these lights were going away from me. And again there was no blinking or any colors. 

While I was still gazing up (after the lights disappeared) I noticed a distant plane, with blinking lights heading ESE continue on it path, and as it approached I heard that plane's engine. 
At this same time I noticed a satellite heading due south, which at my line of sight was at about 45 degrees, which then disappeared at the atmospheric horizon; and a second satellite heading ENE caught my eye. Both satellites seemed to be traveling at their normal steady speed on their straight lines. 

The 2 lights I saw were not as high an altitude as typical (commercial) planes, and definitely not as high of an altitude as the typical satellites. 
I would love to know if there was a website to check what flights (satellites, planes, etc) were overhead, at my GPS. Perhaps this is one of the recent NASA or military aircraft projects - if so that'd be so cool to know then I can just marvel at our country's technology and research, instead of thinking it's otherworldly.! Any help?
