{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-09-01 21:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5458476","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"103058","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2702,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/476/mufon-5458476.json","updb_database_id":5458476}
{rjl} We saw 1 red lit object going slowly from N to S and then 2 more came along, on same path, then finally the last one.

My husband, age 70, and I, age 66, are both retired. We do not drink alcohol nor take mind-altering drugs. I wear eyeglasses for nearsightedness and was wearing them. My husband had double cataract surgery a few years ago and his distance vision is a little better than mine. We walked outside and sat on our front porch as we do occasionally on summer evenings. This evening we were hoping to see northern lights that had been mentioned on today's local evening news cast. It was a clear, beautiful night. Our porch faces north. We were out there for maybe 2-3 minutes when I saw a satellite going from south to north. Then I noticed a small red object/light flying fairly low and it appeared to be perhaps 3 or 4 miles away and coming straight at us from north to south. I pointed it out to my husband who saw it as well. We thought it might be a helicopter or a small plane but it had no normal flashing lights and it didn't make any noise. It went along towards some trees where it suddenly changed direction to the east and disappeared behind some large trees and towards the foothills. Then a minute or so later 2 more red objects came along, they were fairly close to each other. They looked identical to the first object and seemed to follow the same flight path, coming from the north to the south and abruptly turning east. A minute or two later a 4th red object came long, going the same speed and same altitude and changed directions as the others did. They all disappeared behind several large trees. We stayed out for another 10 minutes or so, to see if we could see them off in the distance but they did not reappear. Several miles east of us is a small airport (Felts Field) and we plan to call the airport in the morning, to see if there were 4 planes landing there about the time last night when we saw the objects. We see small aircraft in the evening now and then but they all seem to have flashing lights and multiple lights, not just appearing glowing red all over.
