{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-21 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496476","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62919","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4351,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/476/mufon-5496476.json","updb_database_id":5496476}
{cak} Saw 3 flashing lights floating and forming triangle, more than 8 time in succession

I was atop Chiricahua National Monument, AZ in southeastern Arizona  on Wednesday, Jan. 21 at approximately 7 pm. I was at the Massai Point parking lot on the mountain in my car looking at the awesome stars when I noticed a flashing light moving in a line near the horizon miles away. It moved behind a tree and never reappeared, which made me wonder where it went. I thought that perhaps it was a plane. So I got out of the car and looked where I last saw the object and saw 3 flashing lights hovering and moving around near the horizon. They didn't appear to have a pattern in their movements, but every few minutes 2 of them would line up in the sky, and the third would appear and move so the 3 objects would form a triangle. Then the 'triangle' would move, as if it was a single object. It seemed to drift slowly. After 5 or 10 seconds, the lights would break apart from the triangle and begin moving around again. For the most part they were blinking, but sometimes they just glowed. They didn't display color, just white light.
  I watched this display for about 30 minutes and the objects formed the triangle at least 5 or 6 times. They usually blinked, and at times appeared to be miles apart from each other. Other times they would zoom near each other and hang in the air. They were near the horizon and appeared to be lower in altitude than where I was (about 6500 ft. above sea level.) Sometimes they would zoom upward, other times they would just appear to float around slowly. Again, they didn't appear to have any pattern in their movements, apart from occasionally forming the triangle.
  It was very windy and cold out on the mountain, and the dark was spooking me out, and I thought I heard a large animal messing around with a trash can (probably a bear) so I stayed in my car most of the time. I did not have my camera with me, so I don't have any evidence apart from my sighting. I'm not even sure it was possible to record the objects from that distance, anyway...
  FYI, the National Monument I was at is approximately 40 miles or so from Mexico, and near the New Mexico border. These objects had to have been at least 10-20 miles away from me. That's just a guess, as it was pitch black out there and I had nothing to base the distance on.
  At first I was just amazed at what I was witnessing, whether it was helicopters, drones, kites, whatever. Their movements were fluid and they just seemed to move around like they were having fun. Then I realized that there was just nothing in that direction but mountains, desert and ranch land. I got a little scared being alone up there, but that feeling passed after about 10 minutes of the display. I even flashed my lights in groups of 3 a few times just to see what would happen. Nothing did. I watched these lights for about 30 minutes or so, and then returned to the campsite at the base of the mountain. I was tired, a little spooked and confused at what I was watching and had had enough. 
  One last thing: I have been watching the skies since a child and had a fascination with UFO's when I was younger, but stopped reading about them in my adult years. I figured most sightings were military in nature, or some secret technology the government was testing. I'm not so sure anymore. I haven't seen any other reports of sightings that day in S. Arizona, so maybe I was the only one who witnessed them. Who knows. And again, that area they seemed to be near appears to be nothing but open range. I don't think there is any military area near there. White Sands was over a hundred miles to the East of me, and I am certain these objects were nowhere near that area.

Thanks for listening.
