{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1995-05-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494476","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64992","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2780,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/476/mufon-5494476.json","updb_database_id":5494476}
{dr}hovering triangle shaped object then observed in flight multiple times

a friend and i were returning home from our high school football banquet. we were driving down a short road that at the time had no houses on it, only an abandoned barn. i was driving when my friend suddenly blurted out oh my god what the expletive is that. there was fear in his voice and i followed his gaze out the windshield and at our twelve o'clock there was a large triangle shaped object hovering very low, approximately roof top height and it was not moving. it was projecting a beam of light at us that we were staring directly into. it had a total of four lights, one one each corner forming the triangle and then one in the center. the lights were symmetrical in size and i cannot remember which was which, but the center light was either red or white and then the outer lights were all the same color, opposite of the center. it made no sound and was perfectly still. i was really caught off guard since i was driving and obviously looking at the road ahead of us and had not seen the craft approach which was hovering over the road. we stared at the object in shock for what seemed like hours, stunned in fear and then the reality of the encounter sunk in and i sped away. we looked back and the object was gone. we drove around trying to calm down and make sense of what we had just seen when we saw the object again a short time later in the vicinity but it was now moving very slowly and just above the tree tops. we drove around following it for a couple of hours before eventually losing it. we told some friends at school the next day who of course did not believe us. we took them out and over the course of the next few weeks between the four of us we had multiple sightings all in the same general area flying very low and very slow. we never saw it as well as the first time however. one of those friends who witnessed found a video on you tube of a sighting over lake city on the shores of lake erie, and it was the exact craft we had seen which made the hair on the back of my neck stand up and fill me with the same awe and terror i had felt that night and motivated me to file a report.
