{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-02-13 17:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462476","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98506","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2712,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/476/mufon-5462476.json","updb_database_id":5462476}
{cak} 3 equidistant orbs in a 45 degree track just below clouds, then few seconds after I started looking at them, popped up into the clouds to hide.

Driving my car north on waterbarrel road towards Hwy 78 near Beulah, CO 3 stationary orbs caught my attention. The sun had set below the mountains 15 or more minutes before and the sky had low clouds at what looked like 15,000 ft. These orbs looked to be just below the clouds on a 45 degree angle (left - low side, right - high side). The three orbs were equally distant from one another and in a perfect line. There was a large, pillow shaped smooth cloud just above it. 

When I looked up from the road to see them, they were perfectly still and almost star like. They had the intensity and color similar to missile countermeasure flares/ parachute flares. However, I've seen plenty of those in the military, and shot plenty myself. That's not what these were. There was no smoke, no movement apart from disappearing up into the clouds a few seconds after looking at them. It was like they were playing peek-a-boo with me. 

It certainly seemed like they wanted to get my attention and then once getting my attention, they decided to slink away. Then another 15 minutes later driving north again on another road, I thought I saw another one poking out of a cloud, but can't be totally sure because it was so quick and I was driving again. 

I got a solid look at these things and they behaved like nothing I've ever seen. I'm former military and have sharp eyes. They were at an angle that looked pretty far away (near Cheyenne Mt. and the near side of Pike's Peak -quite a way from me but very clear) They were incredibly bright and solid looking, like stars. They must have been of a pretty good size at that distance. The low cloud cover provided a guide for about where they were. I tried to say hello to them with my mind as a thought, but didn't feel anything come back. 

I did some research today, (day after sighting) and saw that there are reports from Colorado Springs area of similar stuff that I saw. I decided I should post what I saw because of that.
