{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-08-17 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500476","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58627","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4209,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/476/mufon-5500476.json","updb_database_id":5500476}
No sound flickering lighting ufo zig zagging around on the nightsky, from one end to the other with a blink of an eye, It kinda blinked just before dispeared and when it appeared in another place.

four friends and me had been to the beach that day and later that evening we had a bbq in the garden and in the clear, bright and warm night we sat outside enjoying a beer and suddenly one of them said that he saw a ufo we all said yea yea its good with you and laughed about it. My friend who first noticed it continued untill we all noticed it cause it flew around on the sky. We tryed to explain it and made conclusions about it was a satalite or other known objects until it became clear that it was nothing any of us had ever seen before. WE just sat there in awe over the way it acted and flew around. It was not something I know or have ever seen before or after for that matter. It was not a satalite cause it would move extremely fast in what seemed random directions. Like from east to west on the nightsky in a split of a second. It would then maybe go north appear, blink away (disapear) then you could see it appear in the west. It would litterly just play around on the night sky like you sometimes see pilots do. But this was not a normal plane. It became very clar after it kept appearing/disapearing and flying around on the sky from one end of the night sky to the other end with a speed that seemed so fast that it just went with a blink of the eyes. It fly very slowly emitting a light then suddenly it would blink and be gone to only appear very far away from the place it disapeared from. It would also zig zag around making turns that no planes I have heard of or seen before make. It flew around almost like it was communicating or playing around in the night sky kinda like it was desperate for attention or saying hey look at me up here! We kept seeing the object play around on the sky for over an hour more like two hours. It was a clear bright night so it was easily to see that it was not a plane, satalite, lantern, drone or any other object I have ever seen on the sky or heard of. I was stunned and amased I couldnt get my eyes of the object I didnt even think about filming it not that my cell phone camera would have done much good. But I just sat there and was stunned and somewhat chocked but also intriqued I have never belived in things like this before and here it was before my eyes and with four other people that saw the exact same. It gave me a feeling I havent had I guess. It was not like I felt scared or anything like that. I know what I saw and it was real. It was an intelligent controlled craft of some sort that I havent seen before and my mom was in the airforce and I was very interested in planes when I was younger and this one I saw didnt fly like any other plane I have seen before. It defied normal g force and gravity. It didnt even make a sound at all. It emitted some kind of light once in awaile and just before it dispeared or speeded up it would emit a little more bright light before it disapeared to appear another place but no sound at all really that I remember. We didnt really loose sight of the object we kinda just stopped watching it after something over an hour. It sort of just triggered all sorts of speculations about humans, earth, space and such things and we just began talking instead and debating so we kinda stopped sitting and watching it but it could have flewn around there more I guess we just stopped watching it. Now I havent given it much thought until another friend of mine I told this to said me to report it here so thats what I am doing.
