{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-07-10 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285174","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118237","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2587,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/174/mufon-5285174.json","updb_database_id":5285174}
UFO OVER Alpine. Texas

Was attending college at Sul Ross State University in Alpine, Tx. My brother and I shared a trailer at the time. I was trying to fall asleep when my brother burst in the trailer and said he had something to show me. It was about a Friday at 10 at night and we went outside. The sky was like a huge mattress full of clouds. I saw a vain like lightning over the clouds. As that vain came over us I heard a sound like a hand held generator with it going up and down oil sound and it also started to cause wind. Then just like that it moved on. It was as if it was traveling. After a while we stared andnit got to the end of the clouds and this object popped out. To me it looked like a tin top Mexican toy with lots of different colored lights. As far as it was the size of this thing was like a city in the sky. It just floated slowly on its way west. It was going in the direction of Marfa, Texas. My brother and I just watched it. We went into the trailer and just sat there bewildered at what we had just observed. I have seen many flying objects including blimps but the enormous size and how high it had been made it highly improbable that this was a blimp. Next day I went to my class and people looked at me weirdly when I told them this story. Then the instructor walked and and she stated that her husband had also seen it. I have not seen another one ever since. What most impressed me was the size and the sound it generated. I had often heard that UFO’s didn’t make a sound. I also wondered why it was going towards Marfa then I remembered the mystery lights. Wonder if they’re both connected in some way? Many years since this happened and I still remember this like it happened yesterday. Wish I had, had a cell phone to take a picture back then. My brother and I were just frozen like we could not believe what we were seeing! Sorry but the event date is not accurate. I just remember it was summer, July but not the date or the year. Only thing not accurate.
