{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-09-01 09:07:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5481174","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"78856","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3830,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/174/mufon-5481174.json","updb_database_id":5481174}
{jpg} Orb-like object seen before and after explosion of SpaceX rocket on launch pad.

Video is from CNBC covering SpaceX rocket explosion on launch pad 40 on 9/1/16 at approximately 0907.
Slowing down the video, you can see an orb-like object come into view from the right of the right tower, near where the tower grid work stops and the pole starts. Rocket has not yet exploded. This is at the 3 second mark.
Next frame: Object is now just left of the middle tower at the same height and the explosion starts.
Next frame: 4 second mark 1 Object is a little more to the left of the middle tower. It is almost halfway between the middle tower and the rocket.
Next frame: Object is between the rocket and left tower and has picked up speed.
Next frame: The object slows down and is just right of the left tower. It is still at the same height.
Next frame: The object is now at the left edge of the frame and is going out of the frame.
Next frame: It is out of the frame.
Next frame: Still out of the frame.
Next frame: The object re-enters the frame from the left and is low and left of the left tower.
Next frame: The object shoots up at approximately a 451 angle toward the middle of the rocket.
Next frame: Object is behind the left tower.
Next two frames seem to freeze.
Next frame: Object is on the right of the left tower and continues to head for the middle of the rocket. A second object appears to the left of the middle tower, between the tower and the rocket.
Next frame: The first object continues toward the rocket. The second object disappears behind the rocket nose cone. 
Several more frames as the object continues toward the middle of the rocket.
Next frame: The object disappears behind the explosion.
3rd frame: The object appears to come out from behind the explosive fireball and continues to climb to the right. It1s now between the fireball and the middle tower.
Next frame: The object is now just left of the middle tower.
Next frame: The object reverses direction on a dime, climbs and is now just above the rocket nose cone.
Next frame: A second object appears between the right and middle towers. The first object is still over the nose cone.
Next frame: The first object is hovering over the nose cone, while the second object reverses direction and climbs.
Next frame: The first object continues to hover, while the second object continues gaining altitude and is located between the middle and the right tower.
Next frame: The second object disappears while at the same time, the first object doubles in size.
5 second mark: Next two frames freeze.
Next frame: The first object rises.
Next two frames freeze.
Next frame: The first object continues to rise slowly.
Next two frames freeze.
Next frame: The first object continues to rise slowly.
Next two frames freeze. 
Next frame: The first object continues to rise slowly.
Next frame: The object hovers and moves slightly left.
Next several frames show the object hovering, while moving slowly to the left.
6 second mark: The object disappears behind the fireball, not to be seen again.
