{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-11-08 21:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514174","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44056","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3365,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/174/mufon-5514174.json","updb_database_id":5514174}
{cak} A red orb flashed on and off over the ocean. Other more distant ones blinked and moved in varied paths.

I was in a second floor condo that is oceanfront on the north end of Myrtle Beach. I was starting to doze but I awoke at 9:20 pm because my ears were ringing loudly. I had an urge to go outside on the balcony and look at the sky. The water was calm and it was very quiet. It was a clear, dark night with Jupiter and stars shining brightly to the E. (Sirius had not yet risen and moonrise was after midnight.) I called my friend out to see the stars. 

We both saw a sudden flash of bright red, round light SE at about 2 finger widths above and closer than the horizon over the ocean. It blinked out then flashed on and off again. She kept asking 1What is that?1 In about 30 seconds it flashed on from a greater distance for about 3 seconds. There was another blink on for about a second. Further away at a higher altitude there was another small red light that separated into two side by side lights some distance from each other, then rejoined as one (or one was in front of the other). Then I saw another one higher and more towards the SSE. 

A larger/closer red flash to the SSE stayed on a little longer so I could see a grayish area with the red light in its center, with all outlined in a blackish ring. One of the red lights traveled SE to ESE parallel to the shoreline. Then we started seeing small pinpoints of white light (more than 10 of them) between that one (to our left) and the others at a little higher altitude. They blinked on and off but the light from some of them was so bright that we could feel it on our eyes (like tiny flashbulbs). Some seemed to be getting closer to us. Some turned red but stayed small. Two more flashes of red light appeared and rotated or orbited around each other before they blinked out. Then two small red lights flashed briefly and at differing spacing from each other (as two separate objects). They stayed lit, rose close to each other and headed off to the SSW. 

We went out the front door but the height and lighting of the other buildings prevented us from seeing them. We saw no more of these lights but a few minutes later we saw the white, red and green blinking lights of an approaching small plane. The plane was coming up the beach offshore probably having taken off from the airport at the south end of Myrtle Beach. We could hear the faint sounds from the plane. Otherwise, we heard NO sounds other than the gentle wave sound. At 9:45 pm we came inside and each independently wrote down what we had just experienced. 

Weather Conditions: 43 degrees, clear, dew point 36 degrees, wind W at 8, pressure 30.10 rising, visibility 10 miles
Location: 33.7424 Latitude, -78.8153 Longitude
