{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-07 03:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501174","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57897","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4361,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/174/mufon-5501174.json","updb_database_id":5501174}
{nd} I have been targeted by UFO's and ET's and Terrorized. They are Chamillions, exptremely difficult to detect and dont want to be seen.

I have been stocked, terrorized and poisoned, for over three (3) years. I started documenting the vehicles that were stoking me, taking photographs and recording tag numbers. When I looked at the photographs I noticed that the driver's were not human - They had heads, but their necks were either tubes or metal boxes and there was no steering wheel. I also noticed that there were Drone and/or UFO's in the photographs - that seemed to be connected to the vehicles - they never separated. I started taking more photographs - which makes them very angry and the terrorism kept escalating. I took pictures of ET's that were landing in my trees and on my neighbor's roofs. When I tried to look at them - I couldn't see anything - because they have special lights that distort the photographs, so I tricked them and started taking pictures when they least expected me to and was able to get some photographs of them - that you can actually see who they are. They have Air Craft that I have never seen and land in the trees, on roof tops and hoover in the ski above my residence 24.7. I woke up one night and I could see someone standing above my head, dressed in black, with black gloves and suddenly the glove came down over my face and that's all I remember. When I woke-up in the morning I was soaking wet, could barely move and my hair was in knots - all tangled up like a rats nest - at the back of my neck - It has some type of substance in it and was pretty nearly impossible to brush out - I had to cut some of it out, to get the paste stuff out of it. That has happened to me a few times and I have bruises on my arms, knees and ankles. I also have an V shaped scar on the top of my head and the only reason I noticed it was because it was hurting and I keep having headaches. When I touched the spot of my head (the left side of my Crown) it was wet and when I went to wash my hands - they were all red - because my head was bleeding and I didn't even notice until I saw my hands.
I need help - I am in dire straights and exhausted. I have been running from these Extraterrestrial Beings, from Coast to Coast, no body believes me - that's debilitating and traumatizing in itself - let alone having these things all over you...They have me cornered over here and I am week from the poisoning. I don't want to see them anymore - I want them to leave - I want my life back - Can you help me?
Thank you for your time and consideration.
Sincerely,
[Name removed/cms/tg]
