{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-04-10 16:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496174","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63235","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2464,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/174/mufon-5496174.json","updb_database_id":5496174}
{nd} looked like it was in process of cloaking

My husband and I were fishing on ClarksHill Lake aka Lake Thurmond. I noticed a contrail in the sky. I looked away for a moment then looked back up at the contrail and that's when I noticed the object just to the right of the contrail. I could see the whole right side of object but It was translucent. The left side was completely transparent. I could make out the outline of the right side with a pattern on the inside. It must have been tilted because I could make out the whole right side of the circular object. I said to my husband, look there is an object, but I knew he would not be able to see it unless his eyes were already fixed on the object. After pointing to the object and telling him it's to the right of contrail it went completely transparent. The object appeared to be very slowly moving to the left of contrail when it went completely transparent. I was completely in awe that I finally had witnessed what I know was a UFO. I have always been a believer and hoped that one day I would witness such an event. I'm disappointed that my husband didn't see such a fascinating event as I did. I'm very disappointed that I do not have a photo or video of what I witnessed. We continue to fish on that lake and I will be ready with camera in case I am fortunate enough to witness such an extraordinary event again. I wanted to report my experience to MUFON when the event took place but without physical proof I decided not to. I changed my mind recently when our local paper had an article about reported UFO sightings in our area over the years. The reports made were not similar to mine. They were sightings of lights seen in the sky. The fact that I saw what was apparently an object cloaking itself doesn't leave me questioning what I witnessed. I know what I saw that day and I will never forget it.
