{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-10-16 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5465174","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"95614","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2416,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/174/mufon-5465174.json","updb_database_id":5465174}
{rjl} saw transparent thick triangle shape with soft orange lights gliding silently

Standing outside smoking before going to bed on October 15, 2018 at 11:55 pm. Looking up at stars as I do if it is clear enough. At 12:09, which is now October 16, I have an urge to take a few steps to the end of my house so I can see the sky from west to east.

I had a feeling to go here and look up at this exact spot. Upon doing so my eyes locked onto the, what I thought were stars, but were moving together perfectly united. I have seen these orange lights in the sky behind my house one other time as well. I knew I was seeing something of the same. Except this time the craft was transparent, but I could see the edges of the outline of the craft as black likes...sort of. 

There were, I believe, 5 lights, soft orange glowing, and forming the "V" of a triangle. 

I locked eyes on it soon as moving to this spot. I blinked, looked up and down and moved to constantly to change my perspective to make sure I was actually seeing something in the sky and not some kind of reflection or anything...

I watched it silently glide from the west to a slightly east-southeast direction at a speed consistent with a plane at about 30k feet. At this speed and location, with the clarity of the lights, it definitely did not seem anywhere that high, which also made me realize it was HUGE.

From the point I saw it almost directly above me, it took almost 15 seconds for it to disappear in the east. If it was not transparent, and I was not in the city with light pollution, I would of probably have been able to see it for another 10 to 15 seconds.

I saw almost the same thing about 5 months ago. Orange orbs in triangle, but not oddly transparent like the one tonight, it was going the EXACT same direction as the one I saw tonight.
